===== 2025 Q1  (2025-05-01 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good morning. My name is Melinda, and I'll be your conference operator today. At this time, I'd like to welcome everyone to the Biogen First Quarter 2025 Earnings Call and Business Update. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Today's conference is being recorded. Thank you. I would now like to turn the conference over to Mr. Tim Power, Head of Investor Relations. Mr. Power, you may begin your conference.
Tim Power: Thanks, Melinda. Good morning, and welcome to Biogen's first quarter 2025 earnings call. During this call, we will make forward-looking statements, which involve risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from our forward-looking statements. We provide a comprehensive list of risk factors in our SEC filings, which I encourage you to review. Our earnings release and other documents related to our results as well as reconciliations between GAAP and non-GAAP results discussed on this call can be found in the Investors section of biogen.com. We've also posted the slides to our website that we'll be using during the call. On today's call, I'll be joined by our President and Chief Executive Officer, Chris Viehbacher; Dr. Priya Singhal, our Head of Development; and Robin Kramer, our Chief Financial Officer. We'll make some opening comments and then we'll move to the Q&A session. And to allow us to get through as many questions as possible, we kindly ask that you limit yourself to one question. I'll now turn the call over to Chris.
Chris Viehbacher: Thank you, Tim. Good morning, everybody. Maybe first a warm welcome to Robin. This is your first quarter as CFO of Biogen, Robin. So, we had a very good start to the year, strong quarter. Biogen is really a tale of two companies, in my view. There's one company which has been an MS company, and that portfolio, as you all know, it's been gradually declining. But there's a new Biogen emerging. And when I look at the rare disease business [in AD] (ph), ZURZUVAE and LEQEMBI, and VUMERITY, we actually have a commercial portfolio that we're actively promoting that's now gotten to be about 45% of our product revenue. And those products mostly have a very long runway to continue to grow. And so, we've been talking about it for a few years, but I think now this is actually starting to become visible. We're rolling these products out worldwide. We had the approval of LEQEMBI in Europe, for example, which is very important approval for us. But we've also seen the approval of SKYCLARYS in the UK and Brazil. Of course, the next lever of growth is going to be our pipeline. And there we're very happy to get the FDA Fast Track designation for our ASO targeting BIIB080. That's remarkable since that we haven't actually even read out Phase 2 yet. And I think it's a sign of confidence in the importance of this potential new medicine in treatment of Alzheimer's. And of course, we've initiated the Phase 3 TRANSCEND study for felzartamab in AMR. And of course, we've always said we've got a very strong balance sheet. We're going to continue to patiently and in a disciplined way augment the pipeline through external innovation. And we're very happy about the partnership that we built with -- on zorevunersen in Dravet syndrome with Stoke. That's going to be an important medicine. We have that for the territories outside the United States. Now, if we turn to where we are on these new product launches. So, LEQEMBI, I mean look at that, $96 million, that's almost $100 million. Now, we're into serious product territory. We have, as I said, obtained the marketing authorization in the EU. And it's important not just because of the market potential in the EU, but now we can say that this is a drug that has been recognized for its importance, its efficacy, its safety profile by all major regulators in the world. And that's an important sign of confidence. This is again the first disease-modifying agent that has ever been approved in Alzheimer's. This is a brand new territory. And I think having that kind of regulatory endorsement is extremely important. Now, as we all know, this has been a challenging product to launch, given the workload that this applies for the treating physician. And we're looking very much forward to a number of the innovations that are coming along that we think can actually reduce that workload. First, of course, is one we have in the bag in the first quarter, which was the approval for the IV maintenance, which will allow us to reduce the dosing for patients after 18 months of treatment to once per month. Then, we're going to make that even easier for physicians with hopefully an approval in August for the subcutaneous formulation, and that offers the potential of at-home administration with an auto injector. And of course, in the first half of next year, we're looking forward to the approval, hopefully again, of the subcutaneous formulation for initiation, which will dramatically reduce the need for infusion bed capacity. In addition, of course, this isn't related to Eisai or Biogen, these are independent companies, but there are companies who are pursuing approval for biomarker tests, blood-based biomarker tests. And hopefully at some point, we'll be able to see those blood-based biomarkers supplant the need for PET scans and/or lumbar punctures. So, there's an awful lot of catalyst coming for LEQEMBI, but we're very much encouraged now that we've got critical mass behind this. We've also launched a new approach on commercialization from April 1. We and our partners Eisai have spent a lot of time going back through the data, thinking about the lessons learned and have adapted our commercial approach. And one of the things, for instance, that we will be doing this year is now starting direct patient engagement in Alzheimer's. Now, switching to ZURZUVAE, this is a product that continues to do nicely with Q1 sales of $28 million. Since launch, we have now been able to treat 10,000 women with PPD, and the majority of those prescriptions are actually first line therapy for postpartum depressions. A lesson that we learned along the way was actually the physician who is the most important in treating postpartum depression is actually not the psychiatrist, but the OB-GYN. So, 80% of our scripts in Q1, for instance, were from OB-GYNs. One of the most important things here is you're talking about a one-and-done treatment essentially. And so, to make this commercially viable, you actually need to have writers expand and we did see that. So, we were able to expand the number of physicians writing this by 20% in Q1. But more importantly, it's getting physicians to write repeat prescriptions. And one of the most encouraging things is that we're not only seeing the repeat prescriptions, but I think as physicians gain the experience with ZURZUVAE, they're also gaining the confidence to actually go and be more proactive about diagnosing postpartum depression. And so, I think we're actually seeing a virtuous cycle here where this positive response by patients is encouraging a greater attention to a disease that unfortunately I think has been sadly neglected for so many women. So, very good progress on ZURZUVAE. We've completed our own field expansion at Biogen and that's been in place since the middle of the quarter. Now, if I turn to SKYCLARYS, we had worldwide sales of $124 million; that's up 59% year-over-year and 21% quarter-on-quarter. We did have some effect from the IRA. You all know about the Medicare tax that has been put in place and that had an effect. Actually our gross sales in the U.S. rose faster than our net sales in this quarter. One of the things about this disease, of course, is that this is in European origin as a genetic disease. And essentially where you find the patients is where all the European explorers went in the world. And -- but logically, of course, and the biggest number of patients is in Europe. And there we have had an awful lot of success in finding patients. It's actually I think easier to find them in Europe because they tend to be in centers, whereas they tend to be all over the country in the U.S. But even in U.S., our U.S. team has been very creative in thinking about new tools to identify where patients are and find them. I can remember years ago with the acquisition of Genzyme learning the key marketing component of rare disease and that is finding needles in haystacks. And that's what this is all about is looking through social media, following family trees and looking for patients. And so, how are we doing on that? If I could see the next slide, you can see that we've got a nice steady growth in patient numbers. We've got about 2,400 patients on therapy globally. It's now available in 26 markets. I would caution that not all of those patients yet are paying patients. We have had an approach of having early access [Technical Difficulty] much higher than the average analog rare disease launch. And actually in line pretty much with the SPINRAZA launch, I wasn't here for that, but as we've gone back and looked at it, the SPINRAZA launch was actually one of the best, if not the best launch of a rare disease product. So, we're very happy with the progress of SKYCLARYS. Brazil approval is actually a very important market for us. There are a lot of patients in Brazil, again, going back to where Europeans went in the world. And having been in Brazil last year and met with a number of physicians, I know that this approval will be very welcome to patients there. Moving on to the pipeline, I think, we made an awful lot of progress here as well. I mean, you've heard me say, I think, time and time again that I think we had an extremely high-risk pipeline. When I came here, first of all, it was highly concentrated in neuroscience. And that's always an issue when you only have one therapeutic area. But neuroscience was also a little complicated because we don't always understand the underlying disease biology. The slowly progressing nature of those diseases mean that you often couldn't do a Phase 2 study. And so, you go immediately into a Phase 3 study. So, you end up doing incredibly expensive proof-of-concept studies as Phase 3. Now, neuroscience is who we are and we've not wanted to abandon that by any means, there's huge unmet need. But we did feel that we needed to add another pillar to our company's future growth. And the logical place to go was immunology. We've been in immunology since the founding of our company, particularly through MS. And I quote my good friend and former colleague, Elias Zerhouni, who often said, we describe too many diseases by their symptoms and not by their cause. And when you get into immunology, actually, what's important is really the immune pathways. And that can lead you into a whole number of different indications. And that is something that Biogen actually understands very well. And so, you can see on the left chart, we've been able to balance this now. We have got a nice balance between neurology, which has been the pride and home of Biogen for many years, but also I think immunology, where I think we have a very strong right-to-play. And then, of course, with that concomitantly, if you look at the right chart, in immunology, one of the things you can do is do a proof of concept. And felzartamab is probably the best example of that. That is an ideal product where we've been able to get a very strong proof of concept. There is never a guarantee in any clinical trial as all of you know. But I think as we look at the Phase 3 clinical trials for felzartamab that we feel a whole lot more confident about that than some of the other trials where, again, we haven't had that. And so, as you look at our pipeline, I think if I could go to the next chart, first thing I would point out, we have five Phase 3 studies that are initiating this year. And that's important from a number of points of view. First is, obviously, there's a huge potential that is behind all of those products and we're getting into late-stage development. So, it's a sign of maturation of our pipeline. But the second thing is, we're also increasing the number of shots on goal. We're not dependent on one or two projects. And we're going to continue to build that. And I guess, the third thing I would point out is, we have a number of data readouts that are coming. And so, as we move into Phase 3, we'll be able to also have some important readouts already in 2026. And I think that's a nice cadence that is going to help underpin the continued emergence of that new Biogen. So, I think very good progress, and Priya is going to talk more about that. And then, I guess, the last topic I would just cover is one that I think is on everybody's mind, which is tariffs. It's a new topic for us all. In 35 years in this industry, I've never had to spend as much time as we as a team have on tariffs in the first quarter. This is a very complicated area and I know for investors this is very complicated. And I did want to point out a number of features of Biogen, which I think differentiate Biogen from some of our colleague companies in the industry. And a number of you have been using, for instance, the tax rate as a surrogate for what the tariff exposure might be. And I would submit to you that that's actually not appropriate in the case of Biogen. And it's for a couple of important reasons. The first is that when you look at our product sales, 75% of our 2024 U.S. product revenue was attributable to products that already have manufacturing operations in the U.S. And in fact, Biogen actually exports more than we import. And as a result also, we also pay an awful lot of tax and Robin will talk about that. We pay taxes in the U.S. at federal and state rates. But the other structural difference is that approximately 55% of our 2024 product revenue came from countries outside the U.S. Now that's pretty unusual in our business. In most of this industry, what you see is 60% to 80% of product revenues come from the U.S. Biogen is a whole lot more diversified and that's really a function of the products that we have. So, as we look out for 2025, obviously, there is an exemption for the moment in place and we know that the whole tariff situation is changing daily and it's difficult to predict. But at least what we can say is, even if we lost the exemption and all of those tariffs that were announced by the U.S. administration on [April 22] (ph) were to actually not only come into being, but also apply to pharmaceuticals, this would still not affect our 2025 financial outlook. That's partly because of the long supply chains we have. It's partly because -- and I have to credit our supply chain team, they built levels of inventory, not just of products, but also of different ingredients and materials, because again, this is highly complex area. But just structurally, we are more of a U.S.-based company and always have been and actually we're quite proud of that. So, with that, I'm going to pass it on to Priya to pick up the story on R&D.
Priya Singhal: Thank you, Chris. This quarter, we made significant progress advancing and expanding our high-conviction late-stage pipeline. We believe our pipeline will play a critical role as we work to deliver sustainable long-term growth enabled by increased momentum in our data flow. This includes potential key approvals this year and expected registrational data starting next year. This quarter, we delivered key milestones across Alzheimer's, immunology and rare disease. First, as Chris mentioned, our tau targeting ASO BIIB080 received Fast Track designation from the FDA in Alzheimer's disease in April. Alzheimer's is a complex and fatal disease that we believe will require multiple therapeutic approaches to address its diverse pathologies. BIIB080 is a differentiated approach to targeting tau and the Fast Track designation was based on encouraging Phase 1b data, which showed dose-dependent CSF tau reductions, decreases in tau PET signal and favorable trends on exploratory cognitive and functional measures. In immunology, we initiated the TRANSCEND Phase 3 study of felzartamab in AMR. This is the first of three Phase 3 studies that we expect to initiate this year for felzartamab with additional studies in IgAN and PMN anticipated by midyear. And importantly, we expanded our late-stage rare disease pipeline where we acquired rights to zorevunersen in Dravet syndrome in all territories outside the United States, Canada and Mexico. Dravet syndrome is a developmental and epileptic encephalopathy, characterized by severe recurrent seizures and importantly significant cognitive and behavioral impairments. Importantly, more than 90% of patients continue to experience seizures despite treatment with the best available anti-seizure medicines, and there are currently no medications approved that meaningfully address the underlying cognitive and behavioral aspects of the disease. Zorevunersen is an investigational ASO that is designed to potentially for the first time treat the underlying cause of Dravet syndrome by increasing the Nav1.1 protein production in brain cells. What encourages us about this asset is the Phase 1/2a data that we've seen, specifically in respect to cognition and behavior as well as seizure. And looking at the right-hand side of the slide, you can see why. Scores on the Vineland-3, a widely-used standardized assessment of behavioral outcomes, show that zorevunersen resulted in substantial improvements across multiple measures of cognition and behavior. This was initially observed within the Phase 1/2a study with continued improvement in the open-label extensions out to two years. We believe these results support the potential for zorevunersen to be the first disease-modifying therapy in Dravet syndrome. We look forward to working with Stoke on advancing the Phase 3 EMPEROR study, which we expect to initiate in the next few months. We continue to remain focused on advancing the standard of care in Alzheimer's and I believe we've made significant progress. Starting with LEQEMBI, we are really excited about the recent approval in Europe. We're also continuing to advance the subcutaneous formulation for both treatment maintenance and initiation to further aid patient optionality and convenience. Furthermore, we believe that the strength of the LEQEMBI real-world data continues to support the urgency to treat symptomatic early AD patients today. And we look forward to the potential of blood-based diagnostics to help remove barriers in the healthcare system. I also believe it is important that we continue to execute on the opportunity in presymptomatic AD. Clarity AD established that removing plaque in a symptomatic early AD population leads to clinical benefit, and that symptomatic patients with low or no tau can potentially achieve an even greater benefit. And we believe AHEAD 3-45 is the right study design to evaluate the potential benefit of LEQEMBI in a true presymptomatic population. Beyond LEQEMBI, we continue to treat target Alzheimer's disease biology with the potential next wave of therapies, including BIIB080 and novel delivery technologies. Overall, I'm encouraged by the progress we're making in Alzheimer's and believe we are well-positioned to lead the evolution of the treatment landscape. Turning to the pre-proof-of-concept pipeline, I'm excited again about the progress we've made in rebuilding this area of the pipeline. We are applying a strong scientific rationale as we invest in these programs using a disciplined data-driven decision-making approach as we aim to build out a sustainable pipeline with a promising pre-POC pipeline. During this quarter, we made significant progress in this area, including completing enrollment in the Phase 2 study for our LRRK2 inhibitor for idiopathic Parkinson's disease with Denali. Applying our approach to follow the science, these Phase 2 data, which are expected next year, will help provide us with clarity on the potential path forward to Phase 3. We will continue to maintain this approach as we work to grow the pipeline by introducing more assets into the early-stage development, both from our organization as well as external innovation sources. With that, I would now like to hand the call over to Robin for a financial update.
Robin Kramer: Thank you, Priya. I'm pleased to be participating in my first earnings call since stepping into the CFO role. I'd like to begin by extending my gratitude to those in the investment community with whom I've had the pleasure of speaking with in my first few months as CFO, and I'm looking forward to spending time with many more of you in the near future. To start, I would like to provide a few highlights on our first quarter financial results. Please note, the comparisons I'm about to make are versus the first quarter of 2024, unless otherwise noted. Total revenue for the first quarter of $2.4 billion was up 6% year-over-year, aided in part by the timing of SPINRAZA and corporate partner revenue shipments. Our four launch products delivered approximately $200 million of revenue in the first quarter, an increase of 22% quarter-over-quarter and more than doubling year-over-year. First quarter non-GAAP diluted EPS was $3.02, which was down 18%. This includes the $165 million upfront paid in connection with the Stoke transaction, which impacted EPS by approximately $0.95 in the quarter. Absent that charge, first quarter non-GAAP diluted EPS would have been $3.97, up 8% year-over-year. In the first quarter, we generated $222 million of free cash flow, which includes the $165 million upfront paid to Stoke. We ended the quarter with $2.6 billion of cash. Shortly, I will provide an update on our full year guidance. Now, I'll turn to a few comments on revenue and commercial dynamics in the first quarter. Starting with our MS franchise, our global product revenue declined 11% year-over-year, driven primarily by competition. This included impacts from a biosimilar for TYSABRI in Europe and generic competition for TECFIDERA globally. We have started to see generics launch in certain countries in Europe, such as France and the Netherlands. While we will continue to vigorously defend our IP, we do expect to see further impacts from TECFIDERA generics in Europe this year. A bright spot for MS in Q1 was VUMERITY, where we saw an increase in demand and VUMERITY remains the #1 branded oral therapy. For SPINRAZA, we continue to be encouraged by the consistency and demand globally, which includes growth in the U.S. of 4% year-over-year. In the first quarter, ex U.S. SPINRAZA revenue benefited from a one-time VAT refund and the timing of shipments in certain markets, which together was a benefit of approximately $26 million versus Q1 of 2024. And as I mentioned earlier, our four launch products together delivered $200 million of revenue to Biogen in the first quarter, an increase of 22% quarter-over-quarter and more than doubling year-over-year. We continue to see steady sequential growth of LEQEMBI with first quarter global end market sales booked by Eisai of approximately $96 million, up approximately 11% sequentially from the fourth quarter of 2024. Global SKYCLARYS revenue was $124 million, a sequential increase of 21% versus the fourth quarter of 2024, driven by continued geographic expansion outside the U.S. Revenue for SKYCLARYS in the U.S. was $69 million, impacted by expected Medicare discount dynamics, partially offset by demand growth. And both ZURZUVAE and QALSODY continued to grow sequentially, driven by increases in demand for each product. The increase in corporate partner revenue in the first quarter was driven by the timing of certain batch commitments related to our contract manufacturing business, some of which was associated with batches of LEQEMBI. We continue to believe that corporate partner revenue will be roughly consistent when comparing full year 2025 with full year 2024. Due to planned maintenance activities and the timing of batch releases, we expect minimal corporate partner revenue in Q4. I'll now turn to a few comments regarding expenses. First quarter non-GAAP cost of sales was impacted by increased lower margin contract manufacturing revenue. Non-GAAP core operating expense or R&D plus SG&A expense decreased 1% year-over-year as benefits from our R&D prioritization and Fit for Growth initiatives allowed us to absorb incremental spend associated with our advancing and expanding development pipeline as well as our product launches. Non-GAAP operating income included approximately $201 million of acquired in-process R&D charges, including the $165 million upfront payment made in connection with the Stoke transaction, which had an approximately $0.95 impact to EPS. Excluding the $165 million upfront payment, non-GAAP operating income would have been $748 million, up 7% year-over-year. As a reminder, we and our peers are required to present upfront and milestone charges in GAAP and non-GAAP operating results. Commencing this quarter, we will break out acquired in-process R&D, including upfronts and milestones in a separate line item in our P&L, consistent with many of our peers. We believe this provides better transparency about our core R&D activities and business development activities. We plan to disclose the schedule of expected charges for each quarter ahead of our earnings calls to aid in modeling. Now, I'd like to provide a brief update on our balance sheet. We generated $222 million of free cash flow in the first quarter, which takes into account the aforementioned $165 million upfront payment to Stoke. We ended the quarter with $2.6 billion of cash and approximately $3.7 billion of net debt, and believe that our balance sheet remains strong, allowing us to continue to invest in both internal and external growth opportunities. Turning now to guidance, where we are pleased that our expected underlying business outlook for the year has not materially changed. We are updating our full year EPS guidance to reflect the approximately $0.95 impact from the Stoke transaction, along with $0.20 of an earnings tailwind from foreign exchange impacts from a weaker U.S. dollar. We now expect our full year 2025 non-GAAP diluted earnings per share to be between $14.50 and $15.50. We continue to expect total revenue for 2025 to decline by a mid-single-digit percentage, driven primarily by an increased decline in our MS business. We expect that our launch products will generate sequential revenue growth, but we expect the absolute MS revenue decline to be steeper than this growth in 2025. As a reminder, we expect a potential biosimilar entry for TYSABRI in the U.S., which we believe could occur sometime in the fourth quarter of this year. And as I mentioned a few minutes ago, we have started to see generics for TECFIDERA entering Europe, and while we will continue to vigorously defend our IP, we do expect to see further impacts from generics in Europe this year. As I noted earlier, we believe that corporate partner revenue will be roughly consistent when comparing full year 2025 with full year 2024. Due to planned maintenance activities and the timing of batch releases, we expect minimal corporate partner revenue in Q4. We believe we are on track to deliver the $1 billion of gross savings and $800 million of net savings under our Fit for Growth initiative. As you can see on the slide, many of our guidance considerations have remained the same as when we guided for the year back in February. I will also refer you to our press release for other important guidance assumptions. And finally, a topic of great interest to many investors is the impact to our business from tariffs. Biogen currently does not expect a material impact in 2025 from potential tariffs as announced by the administration -- U.S. administration on April 2, 2025, even if the exemption for pharmaceuticals were to be removed. This is based on both a significant portion of U.S. revenue being derived from products, which have manufacturing operations in the United States, as well as our current global inventory position. Our guidance range also considers potential retaliatory tariffs from China as announced. However, the U.S. and international tariff landscape remains uncertain and our guidance does not contemplate any new tariffs that may be announced in the future. I will also note that when excluding one-time tax impacts, our tax rate is broadly a function of our business mix and, therefore, does not serve as a good proxy for estimating potential tariff impacts. Biogen's effective tax rate is a reflection of our U.S. market revenues being almost entirely taxable in the U.S. at the full federal plus state tax rates. We also generate a relatively high percentage of our revenue outside the U.S., which is taxable in those markets and in the U.S. under the GILTI regime. We will continue to monitor and analyze the current and future U.S. and reciprocal tariff landscape as it evolves. I'll now pass the call over to Chris for some closing comments.
Chris Viehbacher: Thank you, Robin. Again, if I come back to where is Biogen going, you just have to look at our pipeline. We've got another four Phase 3 starts that's after the Phase 3 start already in AMR. We've got three clinical trial readouts coming. We've got three regulatory decisions coming. One of the other things I'll say is, in this first quarter, as we did a major restructuring of research, and I'm really quite excited about what we're doing there, as an industry, we rely way too much on late-stage business development. The most cost-effective place to do collaborations is actually pre-clinically and we have a goal of signing four to five new research collaborations this year. Just on research, Biogen has been known for breakthrough medicines. In fact, all four products that we launched in 2023 and '24 are first-in-class, first-ever disease-modifying agents. And we go after some of the hardest-to-treat diseases. But one of the problems about being breakthrough is that you're in diseases where a lot of the investment committee is not already doing an awful lot of research. If I take AMR, the antibody mediated rejection, for example, there's really no treatment there today. And so, one of the things that I think we feel that we would like to do is do a deeper dive into some of these diseases and pipeline assets, not with the intention of presenting new data, but to just say, okay, what's the competitive landscape? What's Biogen's right to win here? What's the patient journey? What is it going to really take to move the needle on one of these diseases? What's the reimbursement landscape going to be like? What's the epidemiology? If I look at AMR, for example, I think this is a huge opportunity for Biogen. And we saw 80% resolution of AMR in Phase 2 trials. So, we have a high level of confidence in that. But of course, a lot of people are interested in IgAN. What's it going to take to really be interested in IgAN? And I spent an entire day with our West Coast Hub, just on felzartamab. And there's a huge amount of things going on there. And even things like all CD38s are not created equally. So, what do they like? So, we would like to invite whoever is interested to come to some of these thematic seminars. The first one we're going to hold on June 11, and hopefully that'll be the first of the series. And it's just meant to be educational and a deeper dive and we'll have some of our top internal experts here on all of these subjects to answer any and all questions. So, with that, Tim, I'll turn it back to you for Q&A.
Tim Power: Thanks, Chris. Melinda, can we go to our first question, please?
Operator: Certainly. [Operator Instructions] And your first question comes from Brian Abrahams with RBC Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Brian Abrahams: Hey, good morning, and thanks for taking my question. Congrats on the recent LEQEMBI approval in Europe. Can you talk about what the rollout strategy could look like there and your sense of what the reimbursement process and amenability could be? Thanks.
Chris Viehbacher: Yeah. Thanks, Brian. Well, that is certainly going to take some time. The fact that the approval took a while tells you that there's an awful lot of thought going into that. One of the things about when you first -- when you launch a first-in-class disease-modifying agent is that you're not displacing anything in a budget. So, these types of products are incremental adds to the total healthcare budget of countries. And so, that's sometimes where it's easier to launch a product that's kind of a me-too that comes in and can simply cannibalize the budget of another product. So, this is obviously a significant market in Europe. The Europe is an aging continent, even more so than the United States. So, there are an awful lot of eligible patients. But we'll be taking that with our partners Eisai market by market. I do think that also LEQEMBI has run the gauntlet. I mean, there has been a full examination of the efficacy, the safety, but also the economic benefit. As you know, the EMA does take into account some aspects of the economic impact. So, I think that in some ways, this deep interrogation by all of the countries of the European Union, by the way, I think should actually, if anything help us as we go into reimbursement, because this has been fully examined and fully evaluated, but I think it'll be -- it'll still take some time and we'll go to -- some of the countries will launch clearly faster as is the case generally in Europe.
Tim Power: Thanks, Chris. Let's go to the next question, please.
Operator: We go next to Evan Seigerman with BMO Capital Markets.
Evan Seigerman: Hi, all. Thank you so much for taking my question. I want to touch again on LEQEMBI, but this time with the subcutaneous formulation. Maybe remind us how that potential for at-home administration can help accelerate sales in the United States? I mean, we're seeing some good uptake, but I think that that could really help get things going further. And maybe some of the hurdles that you have to overcome to really get full penetration there? Thank you.
Chris Viehbacher: All right. So, the first is subcutaneous for maintenance. And these are patients who have been going -- undergoing bi-weekly infusions now for 18 months. And so, there -- I think there are two aspects for the commercial. First is, we are busy focusing on making sure that physicians and patients understand the need to continue on therapy. And there, we have long-term extension data and we've demonstrated that in 36 months after treatment, patients are still doing better on treatment than if they stop treatment. So, there's the whole establishment of the maintenance market. But if -- these are also older patients and it's not always easy to get to infusion centers. Obviously, we make it easier with once monthly dosing, but our view is that this is going to be more effective as a long-term chronic therapy if you have a patient-friendly administration like subcutaneous. So, I think as a first step, the subcutaneous really helps establish and extends the treatment life of a patient in maintenance. And then, of course, in the initiation phase, that will be interesting to see. I think in major urban centers, I think we may see that some physicians may want to continue at least in the first few months of therapy on infusion, because they're timed with the MRIs to monitor ARIA, and then move to subcutaneous. I can imagine in more rural settings where getting to infusion centers is not as easy for patients that the subcutaneous might even be right from the get go. So, I think it will depend a little bit on where you are as a patient, but there's no question that this is again a simplification of the physician's workload. It's a heavy load to think about the PET scans or the lumbar punctures, going to negotiate for use of the infusion beds, which are often considered to be the domain of the oncologist. And just from a caregiver point of view of bringing the patient to the infusion center, I think this will be welcomed by them as well that they can do this at-home. So, I think this is an enabler for the patient, but also for the physician.
Tim Power: Melinda, can we go to the next question, please?
Operator: We go to Salveen Richter with Goldman Sachs.
Salveen Richter: Thank you. Good morning. Just following up on Evan's question here, could you just speak to your thoughts on LEQEMBI uptake and growth on the [forward] (ph), not only with subcutaneous maintenance dosing in the second half, but also with Fujirebio's in vitro diagnostic, which should enter the market as well? Thank you.
Chris Viehbacher: Yeah, we don't have that much information about the diagnostic. The process to get a diagnostic approved is different obviously than a drug. And then, the reimbursement situation is also different. I do think the recent report by the Alzheimer's Association highlighted the need for early diagnosis. One of the issues that has, as I think, been in Alzheimer's is that patients -- most patients are actually seeing their primary care physician, and it can take quite a long time for the physician to distinguish, is this just part of the normal aging process, is this some other form of dementia, or is this Alzheimer's? And so, two or three years can go by, and sometimes even longer before the Alzheimer's diagnostic is done through a referral to a neurologist. Now, one of the things that that Alzheimer's report also pointed out is that there's a real interest in getting treatment earlier. And that the earlier you can get to a patient before there has been too much neuronal damage or death, the better. And so, I think there is a real effort to be done to really get those diagnostics established. And so, the benefit really is I think two-fold. One is, hopefully, we can get patients on treatment at a much earlier stage of their disease and we believe and there's obviously studies ongoing to actually gain the evidence of that. But even the data that we presented at CTAD in 2023 of low tau patients, which is surrogate for early-stage patients, demonstrated that 60% of patients were stable after six months and actually 70% -- sorry, 70% were stable after six months and 60% actually showed some level of improvement. So, I think the blood-based diagnostics are going to be extremely important, but again, we have to wait and see where those companies are in the regulatory process.
Tim Power: Can we go to the next question, please?
Operator: Your next question comes from Tim Anderson with Bank of America.
Tim Anderson: Thank you. On LEQEMBI, how are you seeing the market parse out between your product and Lilly's Kisunla? Because obviously there's a very big difference in terms of commercial positioning around finite dosing. And I'm wondering who's going to kind of win that battle. And Chris, you answered an earlier question starting off talking about getting docs to keep patients on therapy. So, the product -- your product still in the market now for coming up on two-and-a-half year. Are you actually seeing some prescribers take patients off therapy after a period under the idea that once plaque is gone, you no longer need to give drug?
Chris Viehbacher: Yeah. I mean, I think first, I would say, we would really consider the launch of this product to have been September of '23, because that's when we had full approval. We had reimbursement from CMS. In actual fact, we didn't even really get the question on the reimbursement for PET scans clarified till about November of that year. So, I think we're still much earlier in that launch phase. To your question on this versus donanemab, it depends on the physician. And I think we're going to see those who like this idea of potentially saying, well, there's a finite point to this, equally, what we have seen even at the recent AD/PD, once you have a maintenance indication and you start to see the data, you'd start to realize that, well, actually once you've removed the plaque, you're not done, because there is some return of the plaque and potential damage. So, there will be obviously a lot of education to be done to demonstrate the importance of continuing on that. But I think at the end of the day, it's largely going to be up to the physician and the patient. There will be patients where donanemab may be the right answer for them, depends on their fragility, their age, whether they're in a rural setting or an urban setting. And I think the market ultimately just gets split between us and donanemab. The most important thing for both Lilly, I think, and Biogen and Eisai is that we start to really expand this market. We've got maybe, I don't know, 12,000 to 13,000 patients somewhere in there on treatment, less for donanemab, but they will get there. But when you consider the number of patients who desperately need treatment, we're still only treating a small fraction. And I think that's really got to be the focus of all the companies in this space is to really ensure that more patients benefit from these disease-modifying treatments.
Tim Power: Can we go to the next question, please, Melinda?
Operator: Next up is Chris Schott with JPMorgan.
Chris Schott: Great. Thanks so much for the question. I just would love a bit more elaboration on latest thoughts on business development in terms of the size and scopes of deals you're considering. It's obviously been a pretty volatile market out there. And I'm just wondering if that's changing your views at all or the range of opportunities that might be available to Biogen. Thank you.
Chris Viehbacher: Yeah. Thanks for that question. I mean, I think there is -- there has been a shift even perhaps in the last, I would say, four to six weeks in a couple of ways. I mean, valuation is one thing, but you're still really focused on getting the right thing. And what I think has changed is, you have a lot of healthcare investors who are facing a lot of pressure from LPs and I think they are looking for liquidity. And I think we've had a lot of companies who not really wanted to do much because valuations are low, but we're also finding that there's a lot of companies who are struggling to get financing. So, I think if you're looking to acquire, I think there might be a little bit more of an ease in actually getting at least into a discussion. But I think even from a collaboration point of view, I think one of the things we're going to see and I think this is also where we're doing this in the early research collaborations, I think companies will be able to provide some of the funding as some of the venture capital and some of the other sources of funding dry up for other companies. And so, there are opportunities in there. It still requires an awful lot of patience and discipline to work your way through and find companies that work together. I do think Biogen is actually well-positioned. One of the things I'm particularly proud of is, we have this West Coast Hub, which is essentially the HI-Bio team and we have been able to retain virtually everybody in that HI-Bio team. Jane has hired our Head of Immunology, came from BMS, who's out there on the West Coast and we're building out that team. And so, I think Biogen, just because of our own biotech roots, is a company that knows how to do collaborations and I think can be a trusted partner in this. So, I do think this is an opportunity, but again -- and we look at a lot of things, but even in this environment, you still have to stay disciplined.
Tim Power: Thanks, Chris. Could we go to the next question, please?
Operator: We'll go to Michael Yee with Jefferies.
Michael Yee: Thanks. Good morning. I wanted to ask Priya about the early AHEAD 3-45 study. I know that you've guided to a 2028 readout. Your competitor is also guiding to a readout, although I think there's an assumption that they may come earlier. Can you just talk about maybe one or two points about your positioning versus that study and particularly what would get you extremely confident that that's going to work and/or readout? Because I know that you have an interim, but I'm just going to assume you're not going to take that interim. Thank you.
Priya Singhal: Yes. Thanks, Mike. So, overall, I would say, I'd like to start by saying that with Clarity AD, we established that LEQEMBI clears plaque and that translates to clinical benefit. Now, with regards to the presymptomatic Alzheimer's disease area, it's a big spectrum. And we believe that AHEAD 3-45 is truly positioned to provide a comprehensive understanding and evaluation of how LEQEMBI can preserve cognition across the full spectrum of presymptomatic AD. And the reason for that is that we are testing it in two parallel trials. The first one is AHEAD 3, which is about 400 subjects and really by the inclusion criteria are 20 to 40 centiloids of amyloid. And then, the other trial is greater than 40 centiloids, which is the AHEAD 45 amyloid levels. And there we're looking at whether it can prevent cognitive decline. So AHEAD 3 is looking at can we stop the accumulation of amyloid, has amyloid PET as the primary endpoint and then AHEAD 45 is looking at preventing cognitive decline and we have a very sensitive clinical by endpoint called the PAC-5 along with amyloid and tau PET. I think, in contrast, TRAILBLAZER-ALZ 3 is really evaluating whether donanemab can slow clinical progression in a mixed population. And this is based on their baseline CDR global scores. So, it presymptomatic is about 55% and they have included 45% of symptomatic patients. So, these studies are actually quite different and we are looking at the entire range of presymptomatic patients with varying degrees of amyloid. We will -- we do expect we fully enroll, we do expect to readout in 2028. We always reserve the optionality of looking at data earlier or such or not commenting on that right now. We are looking at a readout in 2028.
Chris Viehbacher: And I think if I could just from a commercial point of view, I do think the AHEAD study will actually answer much more of the question that physicians will be looking to ask. I mean, if you're in presymptomatic patients, these are otherwise healthy people, right? And the risk benefit equation becomes different at that point. And there is ARIA that is associated with both products. So, you're going to have to answer the question about the risk benefit of treating earlier and at what level of amyloid burden. And I think that's going to be useful because the blood-based diagnostics will tell you that if there is a presence of amyloid, they will not tell you about how much. So, at some point -- you're sort of, say, 55, you had a positive blood test, someone's going to send you for a PET scan to see how much amyloid you have. And let's say you're at 50, well, are you in a watch-and-wait mode or do you actually treat? And unless you've actually done the study of looking at the full spectrum of amyloid burden, I'm not sure that physicians are going to feel comfortable about treating. So, I do think actually AHEAD 3 and 45 are going to be really landmark studies in Alzheimer's.
Tim Power: Can we go to the next question, please, Melinda?
Operator: We'll go next to Umer Raffat with Evercore ISI.
Mike DiFiore: Hi, this is Mike DiFiore on for Umer. Thanks so much for taking our question. Again, one on LEQEMBI. Lilly's drug did about $20 million -- $21 million of sales in Q1, which is its second full quarter of launch. And this tracks slightly ahead of LEQEMBI sales at the same time point. So, my question is, has Biogen and Eisai perhaps paved the way for Lilly in terms of opening up healthcare infrastructure? And maybe perhaps could you speak to any competitive dynamics at play now that you're roughly 18 months into launch? Thank you.
Chris Viehbacher: I think the answer is probably yes. Clearly, there's been a lot of hard work, particularly the IDNs to work through all the treatment pathways and protocols and treatment regimens that are needed. And so, then -- now we're into a question of lecanemab versus donanemab in those questions. And as I said earlier, I think there will be cases where physicians are looking at both products. I think it'll be a question of who gets initiated. I don't think we're seeing any switching going on here. So, it's really a question of which one are you going to start on and then stay on. I think the bigger question is, can we actually collectively grow the market? And that's really what's most important. And I don't think we particularly want to get into just trying to duke it out over market share in a relatively still small market. There are a lot of patients out there and we are not yet doing a full service to patients who are suffering. And so, the more that we can get more centers up and running and better education, the better it will be for patients and actually for both companies.
Tim Power: Thanks, Chris. Let's go to the next one, please.
Operator: Next up is Terence Flynn with Morgan Stanley.
Terence Flynn: Great. Thanks so much for taking the questions. Obviously, there's been a lot of focus on the FDA under the new administration. And I know you made some comments about your Dravet program moving into a Phase 3. So, just wondering, if you could comment high level, number one, on your interactions with FDA, and if there have been any changes to the review teams, things like that. But then, also, in some of these rare diseases, do you think this FDA is going to be advancing very rapidly and be more favorable to the industry in terms of thinking about maybe surrogate endpoints? Thank you.
Priya Singhal: Yes. Thank you. Overall I'll just make a high-level statement, that based on our interactions on review meetings and requests, we're not really seeing any changes at a high level. Currently, we remain on track with our engagements. And with regards to Dravet syndrome, I think that -- obviously the data that we saw during diligence and which I spoke to as well today, for us that has been very compelling. That has been it has several aspects to it. First of all, this population, although it was a small open-label trial, I think what was important about it was that these patients were on standard of care. And unfortunately, the burden of disease is high in Dravet's and they have a number of seizures sometimes seven to 10 a week and they are on multiple medications, anti-seizure medications. And in fact, we saw the impact of zorevunersen on top of standard of care. So, the impact that we saw was 87% seizure reduction on top of background standard of care -- full standard of care. And then that was durable out to about 76% when you look out six months. So that -- the data was important. But the other aspect to the question that you asked is that, Stoke had already engaged with FDA, Europe and Japan. So, we have regulator input, which we have evaluated carefully. We have agreement on the approach and design to the Phase 3 EMPEROR's trial. So, we remain fairly confident that this is the right trial to conduct. And so, we remain encouraged about where we are in our engagement, not only with the FDA, but global regulators and that the design is appropriate to really give us that answer on what we hope will be a disease-modifying therapy impact on -- in this population.
Chris Viehbacher: But I think to your broader question, I think certainly right now at Biogen, we have not really seen any delays in our interactions with the FDA. And I personally am encouraged by some of the more recent comments by the new commissioner about particular ultra rare and thinking about surrogate markers and making sure patients get drugs earlier. And I think he seems to be more interested in innovating some of the process. I think about his statements on reducing the use of animals in studies, for example, and use of AI. So, there's certainly a lot of change going on at the FDA and we're watching very carefully. And obviously, it's been some key leaders who have left and some reduction of staff. But let's say so far, at least from a Biogen point of view, we haven't seen any adverse effect to that. And perhaps some of the new perspectives of the new Commissioner Makary could actually be helpful to us.
Tim Power: I know it's a busy morning, so maybe we can squeeze one last question in here. Melinda, our last question, please?
Operator: We go next to Geoff Meacham with Citibank.
Geoff Meacham: Great. Good morning, everyone. Thanks for the question. For Chris or Robin, on manufacturing, Biogen has historically had a lot of capacity in the U.S. going back to the original expectations in Alzheimer's. I guess, the question is, as we see more companies in biopharma announced plans to onshore capacity, do you guys view your own capacity or resources differently? I wonder if there's a short-term opportunity to partner that's not in the model, obviously, all of course depends on what you have in excess. Thank you.
Chris Viehbacher: Yeah. We've actually recently -- our main facility in Solothurn, for example, we've recently, -- there, we're actually doing CDMO business to absorb capacity. Obviously, that doesn't help for someone looking in the U.S. In RTP, we actually do quite a lot of manufacturing already for third-party companies. And I think even before I joined Biogen, I knew of the reputation of our RTP facility. It's a very high-quality, very efficient site. So, yes, I think we certainly will be open and looking for opportunities on that front.
Robin Kramer: Yeah, we have a good mix in both facilities between our own product manufacturing as well as those for partners.
Tim Power: Well, thanks for your time everybody. Really appreciate it. And if you've got more questions later today, just reach out to the IR team. Thank you.
Operator: This concludes today's conference. We thank you for your participation. You may disconnect at this time.

===== 2024 Q4  (2025-02-12 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good morning. My name is Jennifer and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I'd like to welcome everyone to the Biogen Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2024 Earnings Call and Business Update. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Today's conference is being recorded. Thank you. I would now like to turn the conference over to Mr. Tim Power, Head of Investor Relations. Mr. Power, you may begin your conference.
Tim Power : Thanks, Jennifer, and good morning and welcome to Biogen's fourth quarter and full year 2024 earnings call. During this call, we make forward-looking statements which involves risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from our forward-looking statements. We provide a comprehensive list of risk factors in our SEC filings, which I encourage you to review. Our earnings release and other documents related to our results, as well as reconciliations between GAAP and non-GAAP results discussed on this call can be found in the Investors section of biogen.com. We've also posted slides to our website that we'll be using during the call. On today's call, I'm joined by our President and Chief Executive Officer, Chris Viehbacher, Dr. Priya Singhal, Head of Development; and Mike McDonnell, Chief Financial Officer. We will make some opening comments, and then move to Q&A. And to allow us to get through as many questions as possible, we'll kindly ask that you limit yourself to just one question. And with that, I'll hand over to Chris.
Chris Viehbacher : Thank you, Tim. Good morning, everybody. Perhaps before we get started, just like to note that this is Mike McDonnell's last quarterly presentation as CFO of Biogen. Mike, I believe this is your 97th quarter as a publicly quoted CFO. So congratulations on that amazing career. And I'll just take the opportunity to thank you. You've been a terrific partner and team member and it's been great working with you and we will miss you. And we, of course, are joined here also by Robin Kramer. I'm also proud to say that we've been able to promote from within. It's a great source of pride that we have that level of talent within the organization. So let's turn to Q4. As you all know, we have been faced with increased competition for our multiple sclerosis franchise. And really all of our priorities are thinking about how do we now build a new Biogen, how do we build a new phase of growth? And we are focused really around three core priorities. The first are clearly the four products that we launched last year in Alzheimer's, Friedreichs ataxia, depression, and ALS. Each of those products is not only a first-in-class but first disease modifying agent in each of these diseases. That's a source of pride in the level of innovation that Biogen is capable of but equally from a commercial point of view this is a significant challenge since the level of education when you're a pioneer in an area is so much greater. And we'll come back on and talk a little bit more about that. The next is we have really reprioritized the pipeline. It's certainly been my experience over the years that focusing on a number of key projects is core to business success. And I'm pretty grateful to both Priya Singhal and Jane Grogan because they have both really, I think, cleaned out the pipeline for development in Priya's case and research in Jane's case. And we are actually excited now by the products that are in there. We've got a number of key developments that'll start reading out in 2026. We think this is a multi-billion dollar portfolio. And we're probably one of the few companies that can look at a pipeline that could be more than our current biopharmaceutical business when it gets to peak sales, if it all obviously comes to market. So if we could go to the -- and the third point, of course, is we have redesigned the company with a reduction of operating expenses, not just saving costs for the sake of cost, but the ability to release resources for investing in growth. And that's what we're continuing to do. We're excited about our pipeline, but we've also freed up an awful lot of cash flow, as you'll see later. And that cash flow we're investing for more substrate in growth. So yes, now Dan, please next slide. So, you know, the race really that we are faced with is seeing the erosion of our multiple sclerosis product revenue. But I'm particularly happy to see in 2024 that the revenue from our launch products really offset the more than offset the decline in our multiple sclerosis product revenue. And indeed when you actually look at total revenue decline by $160 million, and you note that contract manufacturing declined by $247 million. It meant that really our core pharma business actually grew. And that's for the first time in four years. And that's really what we're all about in the near-term is trying to make sure that the revenue can exceed the multiple sclerosis product decline. Multiple sclerosis product decline is obviously driven by a number of factors going forward, including the timing of a TYSABRI biosimilar in the U.S. And timing of TECFIDERA generics in Europe. Go to the next slide, please, Dan. So as I said, you know, we've got actually four very innovative pioneering products. LEQEMBI will come on and talk about it in some detail. SKYCLARYS and Friedreichs ataxia, again very first treatment for Friedrich's ataxia. We have been able to determine from basically medical claims data that there are approximately 4,800 patients in the US. That's about what we thought. One of the complexities is that it's harder to find these patients because you could have a primary care physician in a rural setting that one single patient, and you have to go find them. And we are talking to primary care physicians, talking to cardiologists, talking to pediatricians. So it's quite a large prescriber base for a very narrow patient population. But that, of course, is the core of what rare [diseases us] (ph). I remember years ago when we acquired Genzyme when I was at Sanofi and the marketing folks were saying our marketing strategy is looking for needles and haystacks. And that is exactly what rare disease is all about and it's what Biogen is also very good at. And of course today we've got a lot more technology, we can use tools such as AI and genetic testing to help find those patients, but by its very nature it is unfortunately not going to be the nice smooth progression quarter-on-quarter. That said, we're particularly proud to say that we have been able to double the number of patients on treatment in the past year. Not all of those are yet being reimbursed. We are able to get a lot of patients on drug and then negotiate with governments, particularly in Europe, to get the reimbursement and once we do that the patients flip from being free goods patients to actually revenue generating treatments. There is always a bit of a, in each country, a number of patients who are diagnosed, who haven't been waiting for treatment and you can get those quite easily. There are a number of older patients who actually have lived with this disease for 30, 40 years. And they're the ones we actually have to go hunt for. We will see another growth driver this year and that we expect to get approval for SKYCLARYS in Latin America. I was in Brazil last year and there are quite a number of patients in Latin America. So, as we started with the US, we moved to Europe, and then we are moving to South America, and indeed areas of the Middle East, you know, we expect to see continued steady growth out of SKYCLARYS, but again, I can appreciate that it's going to be hard for some of you to model on a quarterly basis. ZURZUVAE was a very nice launch last year and certainly exceeded our expectations. One of the things that was different from our expectations was that the main prescribers actually OBGY  and OBGYN. We had actually been targeting originally high prescribing psychiatrists. We still see some of those, but as you can see, 80% of the prescriptions are driven by OBGYNs. This is also an area where you could have potentially more people who have ever prescribed for PPD than you actually have patients. And again, targeting and thinking about multi-channel marketing commercial approaches are extremely important. We have filed in Europe and would hope to see an approval sometime later this year. QALSODY is not necessarily a big revenue generator, but this is really a breakthrough treatment in ALS. This is the first time we've been able to demonstrate that neurofilament can really help predict drugs early in development as to whether or not they are likely to work or not. And that allows just the whole research and development in ALS to be accelerated. So we're particularly proud of that. The impact on patients is absolutely extraordinary. And so we may not be making a big impact on revenue. We're certainly making a big impact on patients' lives. Go to the next slide, please, Dan. Now, I showed this slide in a JPMorgan, and there were several investors who looked at that chart and said, this is not the chart of a small product. And we've all been in this business and looked at a lot of launch curves and we all know that we like to see an acceleration in the curve. But any curve that goes from bottom left to upper right is in my books good unless we're talking about operating expenses. And this is good, steady, quarter-on-quarter progress. We have seen some questions on the ex-US launch. Clearly the ex-US launch is contributing more than we have seen in prior launches in other areas. I think part of that is, first, I think Asia is extremely strong in Asia and they are leading that launch there. But second, I think the single payer system removes a lot of the obstacles that we're dealing with in the US. When you have a single payer, you are not having to negotiate quite so much on terms of PET scans and MRIs and fusion beds and that has facilitated the progress. And it's as strong in China as it is in Japan, not necessarily patient numbers, but we're seeing very strong growth in China and that is a cash pay market and goes to really a demonstration of how people value the importance of LEQEMBI. So we'll go to the next chart please. Now, I talked about some of those obstacles and we certainly see that making this easier for both patients and physicians is going to accelerate the launch. And we have a number of these catalysts. The first one has already been achieved. So we have the LEQEMBI IV maintenance that's now FDA approved. You know, we now have the first patients who are hitting that 18-month mark. They've cleared their plaque. But as the data have demonstrated, you've got to stay on treatment. Otherwise, some forms of the plaque actually come back. And we have demonstrated three-year data to show that actually staying on treatment patients do better than those who stop treatment. And that's an important message because our competition is actually not able to say that. And so this is also important for the education of the disease. It's not just about [thought clearance] (ph), it's about maintaining that clearance. The second is really the introduction of blood-based diagnostics. Certainly LabCorp and Quest continue to see rising sales of these diagnostics. What I think will really make a difference is getting FDA approval for some of these diagnostics with an evidence base that will give physicians the confidence to be able to confirm diagnosis without the need for a PET scan or a lumbar puncture. And so again, this is something that could not only facilitate the work of the neurologist, but we might also be able to see this being used increasingly to triage patients. Something like 50% of patients who actually manage to get into a neurologist are actually not eligible for treatment because they're too far advanced in their disease. So if we could actually triage some of these patients, particularly at the primary care level, then we can actually get a higher quotient of patients who visit a neurologist actually being eligible for treatment. The subcutaneous form for maintenance, we would expect now on  we have a PDUFA date on August 31st. That again will really facilitate the journey, both for the patient as well as for the physician, no longer needing the infusion beds and patients can actually take the drug from the comfort of their own home. A major game changer we see as the subcutaneous for initiation, which we expect to have in the first half of next year. And that obviously would also facilitate that for the same reasons of not having to deal with infusion beds and patients can have that in the comfort of their own home. The AHEAD 3-45 study is fully recruited. We expect a readout in 2028. This is a landmark study because this is where we could see the promise of potentially prevention of Alzheimer's. We know that before patients actually exhibit symptoms, they've been accumulating plaques in their brains for many, many years. And unfortunately, a lot of damage is done already by the time patients actually exhibit symptoms. So if we can get patients earlier, we think that we can actually have even better efficacy. And in fact, Priya is going to show shortly, again, the low tau patients, which is a marker for earlier stage patients. And there we see dramatically improved efficacy versus just the 27% on the CDR Sum of Boxes that was demonstrated in the CLARITY study. So Next slide, please. So those are the four products. Clearly, we're also looking at our pipeline. And I think there are three key areas in this to look at. The first is continued investment and commitment to Alzheimer's. We gather some of the top leading experts in Alzheimer's from around the world. They are the ones who are telling us, one that nobody is really doing so much research in a broad area of modalities as Biogen. But the other is they are extremely excited about the opportunity to reduce tau and the impact that -- that could have on Alzheimer's. So Alzheimer's is going to be a core franchise for Biogen for decades to come. You know, we had very positive data on the Dapirolizumab back in September. And we've already initiated the second Phase 3. But we also have Litifilimab in both CLE and SLE. So we got a nice lupus portfolio of acids coming along. I'd remind everybody, yes, people are looking at a lot of potential competitors in Phase 1, Phase 2. But out of the dozens and dozens and dozens of molecules that entered the clinic, only three molecules have ever demonstrated a positive Phase 3 result. Two are already on the market and Dapirolizumab is the third. So, you know, we know that you can get excited about a lot of things, but it's not until you actually see Phase 3 results that you can really have conviction. But that's a potentially significant market and fits nicely with Biogen because we can take a lot of the learnings from MS and apply that to lupus. And of course, the third area are really these auto-antibodies. We have our anti-CD38. We are entering -- expect to enter into three Phase 3 trials and three separate indications with auto-- antibody mediated resistance, the IgAN and the PMN. And we have very compelling Phase 2 results here. There are no guarantees anytime in research and development, but I think we feel particularly excited about Felzartamab and the potential that this could have in rare kidney disease. And of course, then we have a whole phase of readouts coming along and I think that will become the story of Biogen as we get increasingly more data and people can gain increasing confidence and excitement, share our excitement in our pipeline. And so with that, I think I'm going to, let's continue the story on R&D, Priya, and I'll turn it over to you.
Priya Singhal: Thank you, Chris. Biogen's development organization had another very productive quarter. We achieved several important milestones across key strategic areas for the company. I would like to begin with immunology where in collaboration with UCB, as Chris mentioned, we initiated the second Phase III study for dapi-pegol in SLE. This follows the positive readout of the first Phase III study and sharing of detailed study results as a late breaker at the ACR Annual Meeting last year. Dapi-pegol, as Chris mentioned, is only the third agent with a positive global Phase III study in SLE. Additionally, Felzartamab was granted orphan drug designation in the EU for both solid organ transplantation and IgA nephropathy. We believe this designation, which is intended to support development of treatments with significant unmet medical need, underscores the potential for Felzartamab to become a meaningful new therapy for serious immune-mediated diseases like AMR, IgAN and PMN globally. In rare disease, we continued unlocking new geographies for SKYCLARYS. In Friedreichs ataxia and QALSODY in SOD1-ALS. Leveraging the results of the SKYCLARYS-positive MOXIe trial, we obtained approval in Chile and currently have 13 additional regulatory filings under review. This includes additional filings in Latin America, where we expect regulatory decisions this year in countries such as Brazil and Argentina as we continue our global rollout. Importantly, we also took significant steps towards expanding the value of key portfolio products for patients. In SMA, regulatory filings for high-dose nusinersen have now been accepted in the U.S. and EU, and we expect an FDA decision in September of this year. And in Alzheimer's disease, we recently received FDA approval for LEQEMBI less frequent IV maintenance dosing. This is both a significant step for LEQEMBI and a meaningful advancement in the evolution of Alzheimer's treatment more broadly. I would like to briefly review why there is an urgency to treat now and why maintenance is important based on LEQEMBI data that we have obtained to date. First, the CLARITY AD study is unique in that it did not exclude patients based upon tau brain pathology. Therefore, we have placebo-controlled clinical trial data across the full early Alzheimer's disease population, including individuals with no and low tau, which represents the earlier stages of AD. In this population, 76% of patients showed no decline and 60% showed clinical improvement at 18 months. as assessed by CDR Sum of Boxes. What this means is that in over three-fourth of early AD patients, their disease was stabilized and more than half the patients showed improved symptoms when treated with LEQEMBI. The reason why this is important is that this data suggests that patients treated early in their disease can see a profound benefit, which underscores the importance of initiating treatment early. Furthermore, this data also supports the potential of our ongoing presymptomatic AHEAD 3-45 trial. And now that I've shown you why early treatment initiation is important, let me remind you why the new maintenance IV approval is also very critical. And that is because data shows that Alzheimer's does not stop after plaque removal. Importantly, prior data from the LEQEMBI Phase II study and its open-label extension show that discontinuation of treatment is associated with reaccumulation of Alzheimer's biomarkers, including amyloid plaques and importantly, a reversion back to the placebo rate of clinical decline. With its differentiated mechanism of action, we believe LEQEMBI's uniquely positioned, as it is the only disease-modifying therapy in Alzheimer's today to show additional benefit with continued treatment after plaque reduction. As you can see from this slide, the three-year data from the CLARITY AD study and its open-label extension support the potential for long-term benefit to patients by showing that continued LEQEMBI treatment resulted in a doubling of the clinical benefit observed at 18 months, as compared to a matched natural history cohort. With these findings in mind, we are working with Eisai to deliver additional options for patients with the aim of maximizing both the convenience and the clinical benefit of the LEQEMBI. This includes a subcutaneous formulation with the potential for at-home administration to further add to patient optionality and convenience. For subcutaneous maintenance dosing, we now have a PDUFA date of August 2025. Next year, in 2026, we aim to introduce subcutaneous dosing for treatment initiation, which we believe will allow even more patients to get started on therapy. And building upon the encouraging results we obtained in the no or low tau population in Clarity AD. We continue to advance evaluating AHEAD 3-45, evaluating LEQEMBI in individuals who have amyloid plaque pathology in the brain, but before the onset of symptoms, which has the potential to further expand the use of LEQEMBI. Turning now to the pipeline. We have previously discussed our efforts to augment our pipeline with the objective of rebalancing the risk profile and investing to win in key areas of expected future growth. As a result, we have focused our development efforts on a smaller set of clinical stage programs that we believe are high conviction and well-positioned to deliver a regular cadence of pivotal readouts and potential launches. This includes key late-stage programs that have the potential, as you see on this slide to deliver innovation to benefit patients across Alzheimer's and immunology. We will continue to remain disciplined in our approach, as we continue to assess inflection points for our internal development pipeline but also as we evaluate potential external innovation opportunities that we believe can help support Biogen's goal of sustainable growth. With that, I would now like to hand the call over to Mike for a financial update.
Mike McDonnell: Thank you, Priya. Good morning to everyone. I'd like to begin by providing some highlights from the reported results. Total revenue for the quarter was $2.5 billion, which represents 3% growth from the fourth quarter of 2023. Fourth quarter non-GAAP diluted EPS was $3.44 and that's 17% higher than the fourth quarter of 2023. For the full year of 2024, total revenue of $9.7 billion represents a decline of 2% from the -- from 2023, consistent with our most recent guidance of a low single-digit decline. And full year 2024 non-GAAP diluted EPS was $16.47 and that's 12% higher than the full year 2023, also consistent with our most recent guidance range of $16.10 to $16.60. EPS growth and operating income expansion in both the fourth quarter and full year was supported by our Fit for Growth and R&D prioritization initiatives. Were pleased that this performance allowed us to generate $722 million of free cash flow in the quarter, which brought us to $2.7 billion for the full year and that's an improvement of $1.4 billion from $1.3 billion generated in 2023. Now I'll turn to a few comments on revenue and commercial dynamics from the fourth quarter. Our MS product revenue declined roughly 8% at actual currency and 9% at constant currency as compared to the fourth quarter of 2023. And that was driven primarily by competition in the space, partially offset by some seasonal channel dynamics. Interferons continued to be impacted by competition as patients transition to higher efficacy therapies and TECFIDERA continued to be impacted by generic competition globally. TYSABRI has seen some impacts from a biosimilar entrant in Europe. And although a biosimilar has not yet launched in the U.S., we continue to see competition increasing in the high-efficacy class. VUMERITY saw an increase in demand in the quarter and also benefited from some seasonal channel dynamics. Next, our rare disease franchise produced revenue of $535 million in the fourth quarter and that represented a growth of 13% at actual currency and 15% at constant currency from the fourth quarter of 2023. Global SKYCLARYS revenue in the fourth quarter was $102 million, an increase of 83% versus the fourth quarter of 2023 with nearly double the number of patients on therapy. U.S. SKYCLARYS revenue in the fourth quarter was $71 million. We continued to add patients in the quarter, but revenue was sequentially impacted by an inventory build in the third quarter that was drawn down in the fourth quarter as well as some Medicare discount dynamics. Global SPINRAZA revenue of $421 million in the fourth quarter grew 2% year-over-year, including growth in the U.S., up 6% year-over-year. We are encouraged by the performance here and look forward to a potential future launch of the high-dose option. ZURZUVAE delivered approximately $23 million of revenue in the quarter, and that was driven by an increase in demand, partially offset by channel dynamics. And we again saw steady sequential growth for LEQEMBI with fourth quarter global in-market sales booked by Eisai of approximately $87 million and that's up approximately 30% sequentially from the third quarter of 2024. LEQEMBI fourth quarter end-market sales in the U.S. were $50 million and that's up roughly 28% sequentially from the third quarter of 2024. I'll now turn to a few comments on dynamics from a few key expense lines. Non-GAAP cost of sales as a percentage of revenue improved 300 basis points in the fourth quarter as compared to the fourth quarter of 2023, and that was driven primarily by lower idle capacity charges. Fourth quarter non-GAAP core operating expense or R&D plus SG&A expense increased 4% year-over-year, as the benefits from our R&D prioritization and Fit for Growth initiatives allowed us to mostly absorb incremental spend associated with our launches. Non-GAAP other expense was $72 million in the quarter, and that was driven primarily by net interest expense. Non-GAAP diluted EPS was $3.44 in the fourth quarter, representing growth of 17% versus the fourth quarter of 2023. Now a brief update on our balance sheet. We generated $2.7 billion of free cash flow in 2024 due to strong operating income. Please note that the timing of certain cash tax payments in 2024 also benefited free cash flow. We ended 2024 with $2.4 billion of cash and roughly $3.9 billion of net debt and continue to believe that our balance sheet remains strong and allows us to continue to invest in both internal and external growth opportunities. Turning now to our full year 2025 guidance ranges and assumptions. We expect full year 2025 non-GAAP diluted earnings per share of between $15.25 and $16.25. This guidance range, which is based upon FX rates on February 7 of 2025, includes a $0.35 EPS headwind from foreign exchange when compared to average exchange rates in 2024. Total revenue for 2025 is expected to decline by a mid-single-digit percentage. This is driven primarily by an increased decline in our MS business as compared to 2024. The pressure on our MS business is expected to be driven by potential biosimilar entry for TYSABRI in the U.S. this year and potential generic entry for TECFIDERA in certain European markets. We expect this decline to be partially offset by continued strong and increasing revenue growth from our new product launches. Please note, this revenue range also includes a roughly 1% headwind from foreign exchange. In 2025, we expect an impact from Medicare Part D redesign at the total company level to be limited approximately $50 million to $100 million. We expect approximately one-third of this impact to be related to SKYCLARYS with the remainder coming from MS. On operating expenses, we remain on track to deliver the $1 billion of gross and $800 million of net savings from our Fit for Growth initiative by the end of this year. With this in mind, we expect full year 2025 combined non-GAAP R&D and SG&A expense to total approximately $3.9 billion. And as it will take time for the savings to crystallize we expect to see higher OpEx in the beginning of the year. We expect non-GAAP operating margin percentage to remain relatively flat in 2025 as compared to 2024. And on the non-operating side of expenses, I would highlight the components of our non-GAAP other income and expense line. This line includes interest expense on our debt and some other expenses, partially offset by interest income on our cash balances. For full year 2025, we expect other income and expense to be a net expense of approximately $180 million to $220 million. And finally, some additional considerations as you think about your models. As has been the case in previous years, we expect the first quarter to be pressured due to seasonality, driven by higher discounts and allowances as well as channel dynamics in the U.S., and that will mostly impact our MS business. I would also note with regard to FAMPYRA that we terminated the license and collaboration agreement effective January 1, 2025. And as I just mentioned, our current year guidance takes account of the stronger dollar today compared with the same time last year. For modeling purposes, each cent change in the euro versus the U.S. dollar impacts revenue by approximately $15 million. I would also refer you to the current slide, as well as our press release for other important guidance assumptions. And in closing, we welcome Robin Kramer, as Biogen's CFO, following my retirement later this quarter. This orderly transition plan has been in process for some time now, and I have full confidence that Robin will be a great CFO. I'm excited about Biogen's future and will remain a supporter and shareholder of Biogen in the years to come. And with that, we will now open the call up for questions.
Tim Power: Thanks, Mike. Jennifer, can we go to the first question, please?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Salveen Richter with Goldman Sachs.
Salveen Richter : Good morning. Thanks for taking my question. What is your latest thinking on the capacity preference and potential time lines for external BD? And in terms of your growth outlook, just help us understand the balance between the existing pipeline and the assets you could bring in? Thank you.
Chris Viehbacher : Thanks, Salveen. I mean I think well get Mike to give you an update on capacity. As I said, we are very excited about the pipeline that we have. But I think one of the things that we'd like to do is continue to reinforce that pipeline. Over the years, I've come to the conclusion that you can never have enough pipeline. First element is we've done a major restructuring of research because I think as companies in our industry, it is very expensive to bring in late-stage assets. And we would like to have research be our primary source of innovation, obviously, internally, but also externally. And so I think we have completely restructured research to create the financial capacity as well as the talent capacity to do more collaborations and bring assets in, particularly pre GLP tox. Beyond that, we are looking at virtually every phase, the early phase development. Right now, I would say, Priya probably would agree with me that our early-stage development pipeline is still relatively thin. But even if we can find things in Phase 3, if it's got a really solid Phase 2, I'm not big on taking a lot of risk on Phase 3 clinical trials because that gets expensive. And in terms of acquisitions, we have been migrating in new areas such as immunology and rare diseases. And if we can find acquisitions that can bolster our positions in that we will do so. We don't have a particular size that we're looking for. It could be late-stage development. It could be early stage commercial the one thing it has to do is make financial sense. I think where we are as a company, we don't need to be taking a huge amount of risk on acquisitions. That said, we are always looking. We always have about at least 15 to 20 different projects that we're looking at, at any one time. But as you know, you kind of have to look at 100 things before you find something that is of interest. And Mike, maybe you want to talk about capacity?
Mike McDonnell : Yes. And Salveen, on capacity, the balance sheet remains in excellent shape. As we mentioned in the prepared remarks, we ended the year with $2.4 billion of cash on hand. The EBITDA run rate is north of $3 billion a year. So with $6.3 billion of gross debt and $3.9 billion of net debt. You're in the ZIP code of maybe two turns gross and 1.5 turns net. And we were very pleased with the free cash flow results this year in -- or last year, I should say, 2024, $2.7 billion. So that cash balance will continue to grow. So when you look at the modest amount of leverage, the $2.4 billion of cash on hand and the growing free cash flow, the balance sheet is in an excellent position. As Chris said, the plan will be to stay very disciplined and only do things that make good financial sense, but we've got significant capacity to do a series of smaller things or perhaps a larger thing if it does make good financial sense.
Tim Power: Thanks Mike. Lets go to the next question please.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Michael Yee with Jefferies.
Michael Yee : Thanks. Priya, you mentioned that on the LEQEMBI slide, one of the important developments is the potential for blood-based diagnostics. And my understanding is that, that's coming this year. Can you walk through how important that is in terms of any bottlenecks and specifically whether that totally would be able to replace pet or how that actually works since diagnostics are a little bit complicated. Thank you.
Priya Singhal : Yes. Thanks, Mike. So overall, I think that accurate diagnosis of Alzheimer's disease and confirmation of amyloid remains very important. And it is the entry point for the kind of care pathway here. So it's important. I think with the advent of the anti-amyloid therapy, we've seen amazing momentum there. And as Chris mentioned, we have tests available today that are at Triage sort of level. The question here is what is the -- what is going to be the availability in the near-term an in vitro diagnostic approved by the FDA that can be used widely and can also be reimbursed and give physicians and neurologists confidence that they can actually trust that outcome and that result versus a pet. And we think that this is likely going to happen in the near-term. Fujirebio is already filed. We know there are a couple of others like C2N and Roche that are sort of working on these IVDs or in vitro diagnostics. And one was already filed -- Fujirebio filed last year. We believe that usually the time frame is about 6 months. I think the next stage will be generating data so that payers and others are confident that it can adequately represent the Medicare population, which tends to be the broader population. So I think concordance is important as is reimbursement. But we think this is moving really fast, and we think we'll see quite a few milestones occur in the near term.
Tim Power: Thanks Priya. Lets go to the next question please Jennifer.
Operator: The next question comes from Tim Anderson with Bank of America.
Tim Anderson: Thank you. On your spend guidance, you're saying $3.9 billion combined R&D and SG&A which is about $200 million lower than consensus. Revenues are also a little bit lower than consensus. So it offsets each other. My question is how much does the Royalty Pharma deal take out of the R&D line in 2025, specifically? I know it's $250 million in aggregate that they'll fund, but what's that relief to 2025 R&D? And then on Royalty Pharma, can we expect Biogen to do more of these off-balance sheet types of transactions with pipeline programs over the next one years to two years.
Mike McDonnell : So Tim, Mike speaking. On the Royalty Pharma transaction, our current expectation is that the $200 million that we would receive in 2025 from Royalty Pharma would be accounted for as a reduction to R&D expense. So that would be a dollar-for-dollar reduction that is in the mix of our guidance.
Chris Viehbacher: Well, just in terms of other deals, the remuneration to those provided financing is usually through royalties. And it's not easy to make work for every product. So I think at the moment, we look at this as a one-off transaction. But it is a useful model to take risk off the table and be able to spread the investment across more assets. I mean it is essentially a way of getting more shots on goal.
Tim Power: All right. Thanks Chris. Well go to the next one please.
Operator: Go next to Brian Abrahams with RBC Capital Markets.
Brian Abrahams : Hi, good morning. Thanks for taking my question. On SKYCLARYS can you elaborate a little bit more on the dynamics you're seeing in the U.S.? Like are there ways to accelerate patient identification to meaningfully grow revenue there? Should we be expecting this to more be an ex U.S. international growth product? And how big are the hurdles in terms of reimbursement outside the U.S? Thanks.
Chris Viehbacher : Both U.S. I think there have been already a number of creative approaches. One is using AI and looking across social media to be able to identify where patients are as I said before, there's quite a large number of potential prescribers you could go to. So the question is how do you zero that down to a geography and a type of physician that makes the visit efficient. And so we say we've used the AI. Obviously, as whenever you develop a treatment for a disease, there is a greater interest in diagnosing it. And so I think one of the things that we're seeing is a much greater use of genetic testing. Genetic testing does have a cost and physicians have not always been interested in using it, if it wasn't going to lead to a treatment. But now that SKYCLARYS is there, we are seeing that increased utilization. The final thing is using multi omnichannel marketing to be able to reach physicians just to educate them about what is Friedreich's ataxia. There are also multiple ataxias out there. And so that's where the genetic testing can become important. But when you listen to the patient journeys, it can take often three years, four years before a patient gets a definitive diagnosis. A lot of particularly younger people are just kind of thought to be clumsy for a period of time and then progressively lose mobility and it takes a while because there are a lot of physicians who've never even heard of, as I said Friedreichs ataxia. So that's where the education is needed. I would say today with the technology we have, we have a lot of tools that we didn't have even 15 years ago. But it is still finding patient by patient. We look at how many patients we found every week. And then it's -- the reimbursement isn't really an issue in the U.S. There are hurdles to it. This is where Biogen is particularly good. We have a very adept group that can help patients navigate the reimbursement system. In Europe, I don't think we are necessarily seeing any -- going to find any issues of reimbursement. It's mostly getting through the whole process, presenting the cost-effectiveness data but we are very encouraged by the uptake. And once you have uptake, then that's a good demonstration of the value of the medicine when it comes to discussing things with reimbursing countries. So it will be progressive. I think there are 10 countries today in Europe, which reimburse and every quarter, we'll be adding more countries. And the same will be true ex Europe and Latin America, for example.
Tim Power: Well go to next question please Jennifer.
Operator: Well go to next to Marc Goodman with Leerink Partners.
Marc Goodman : Yeah, good morning. Could you give us a little more flavor on what's happening with SPINRAZA in the U.S. and the U.S. dynamics and how much inventory is mattering what's happening with pricing? Just a little more color there. Thanks.
Chris Viehbacher : Mike take the inventory question. SPINRAZA. So this is a very competitive market with a very limited number of patients. So you've got a gene therapy, an oral therapy and an intrathecal therapy, all competing for a relatively small patient number there are actually quite a number of patients who have not been diagnosed or treated. So we tend to be in younger patients -- but there is actually a much larger adult patient population. And getting at those is a lot like the same process that I just described for Friedreich's ataxia. So we are doing that. So the interesting thing is how do you compete in the market like that? And we've all grown up in this business and we say okay, one pill a day, beats two pills a day, a pill beats an injection. But the actual reality is in a lot of these devastating diseases, efficacy that matters. And that's really the story of SPINRAZA. The high dose, I think, will be important because you can get to the therapeutic levels of drug that you need much faster and in a neurodegenerative disease, that's extremely important. So we will be able to cut the number of loading doses, if you like, from four to two and then you go to three injections per year. One of the things that I think will be important is we are developing a device that hopefully will hit the market about, I think 2026 for you. And it is a port that you can insert under the skin pretty much anywhere on the body, but certainly around the abdomen, as an example and has tiny catheters that lead to the spinal column. And that means that you can actually just do the injection directly under the skin. That has had huge patient positive response and that could actually make intrathecal injections a whole lot more patient friendly, not just in SMA, but pretty much for all of the intrathecal products that we are developing. So I think that one will also be a game changer going forward and Mike, do you want to talk about the inventory dynamic?
Mike McDonnell : Yes. Mark, nothing to call out on inventory. We did see some lumpiness in SPINRAZA revenue throughout 2024, due to some shipment timing and so forth outside of the U.S. But the fourth quarter, the global 2% growth and the 6% in the U.S., nothing material to call out in terms of inventory or channel dynamics.
Tim Power: Lets go to next question please.
Operator: Paul Matteis with Stifel.
Paul Matteis : Hi, good morning. Thanks so much for taking my question. Chris, if you take a step back now, you got to be at a point, I would think, with ZURZUVAE, SKYCLARYS, lecanemab, to some degree, although maybe the variance of outcomes there is a little bit wider. Or at least for the next couple of years, you probably have a pretty good window into the range of outcomes for these products. So I guess taking a step back, do you feel like you can get back to sustainable revenue growth based on what you have internally and what you have high visibility into? Or how important, I guess, is getting a big upside win from the pipeline or buying growth externally via BD. Thanks so much.
Chris Viehbacher : Right. Well, we've got about -- if you add in the -- everything, there is probably about $4.5 billion of revenue in MS left and probably about $3 billion of profit. So that's going to be the headwind over the next 5 years to 10 years because actually, some of these products are actually quite sticky with patients because patients do well on these products and tend to stay on them. So it is a slower decline. So that's the problem we're solving for. When you look at it, the #1 product that has the most potential to offset is that is clearly LEQEMBI. And there, I think we are encouraged by the more recent results, and I think we feel pretty confident that these catalysts could offer the potential to see some acceleration of growth. So we do believe that there is a tremendous unmet need in Alzheimer's. People forget that this is a fatal disease. And when you look at the data that Priya showed, if you could get 76% of patients stabilized on this, this is -- this is data that I think we really need to do more of in demonstrating the value proposition of LEQEMBI. So we have a number of different approaches. We've I think, had extremely productive discussions with our partner, Eisai, on the commercial approach. And there was an awful lot of effort at the start, just to explain care pathways and the side effects and the reimbursement and I think now we can actually focus a lot more on the value proposition and why treating patients. I think there is a huge opportunity in expanding the prescriber base, we have focused on a smaller number just because of the effort involved by the neurologist. But I think with things like the subcutaneous formulations and the maintenance, we have an opportunity to go broader, there is about 13,000 physicians who are targets, and we have a small fraction of those today. We are actually prescribing. So there is a lot there, and SKYCLARYS will continue to grow, as we said. ZURZUVAE is certainly an interesting, I would call it kind of a two-base hit in baseball terms in the U.S. Europe will probably be a more limited set of markets that will actually be able to reimburse this product. I think we've got a lot that we can be doing. I think the real growth story is when you start to see the pipeline coming through because as the MS portfolio declines and the new products become a bigger part of the equation, then suddenly you add a pipeline product on top of that. And the nice thing about Biogen is that $1 billion really moves the needle. So we don't need a lot here to really have a meaningful impact on our growth. And so I think it is a combination of all of the above, Paul. We will see an increasing percentage of our business coming from these new products and the pipeline we can only augment that.
Tim Power : Thanks Chris. Lets go to the next question please.
Operator: We'll go next to Umer Raffat with Evercore.
Umer Raffat : Hi, guys. Thanks for taking my question. I want to say thank you to Mike for all your help over time, and welcome to Tim. I have two questions today, if I may. First, maybe for Priya. In a scenario where Lilly hits Trailblazer Alzheimer's three in preclinical on the progression endpoint how does that factor into your thinking around how you could accelerate time lines for AHEAD 3-45? And also your comfort with the endpoint being used there. And secondly, Chris, maybe a big picture question. It seems like where the valuation stands today around $20 billion in market cap relative to the amount paid for Reata as well as the amount of balance sheet available for an additional deal coming up. I guess, market is almost reflecting somewhat of a view that the M&A choices in the last couple of years may not have been what market was expecting or perhaps the expectations were higher. I guess how do you think about all of that? And what learnings are you taking from that into additional capital deployment? Because it will be a very significant move if there were to be a $10 billion deal again.
Priya Singhal : I can get started. Thanks, Umer. So I think, overall, we remain excited, as I shared in my prepared remarks about the potential for AHEAD 3-45. Just a reminder is that we completed enrollment last year. It's a four year therapy. And so we expect an Eisai has recently actually reiterated the outcome expected in 2028. Now that said, we always retain and we always continue to evaluate optionality for earlier readouts and earlier cuts, and we continue to engage with regulators like the FDA very closely on this, and all of that is progressing well. Now the most -- so that's kind of the acceleration piece. I think the important piece here is the way we've designed the trial. It is quite specific for amyloid load. And as you know, it's two sister trials, one with a lower amyloid load that's AHEAD 3 and then 4, 5, which is a higher amyloid load. Now in the AHEAD 3, we have a biomarker outcome, which is amyloid clearance essentially. But in the 4, 5, where patients have a higher load of amyloid, we are looking at a very important endpoint that's called the back 5, which is the preclinical Alzheimer's cognition composite. This comprises elements of memory the intelligence test, MMSE and other components. And it is supposed to be quite sensitive and specific for preclinical AD. Trailblazer III has different outcomes like CDR, some of CDR global score and is also doing a time to event. So I think we'll wait to see more on how that unfolds. But I think we feel very confident about the design of this trial and what it can actually tell us about preventing or slowing down on set of Alzheimer's disease. Over to you, Chris.
Chris Viehbacher : Yes. I mean, Umer, look, there's a human factor here, right? One of the things I have seen over the years is that your interest in doing significant acquisitions is kind of inversely proportional to your level of confidence in what you've already got in your pipeline. So if you don't think you have a lot in your pipeline, you're more likely to be interested in spending more externally. And whether that's logical or not, it is tended to be where you are. And I have to say coming into Biogen, we tended to go after the hardest problems to solve, where we didn't understand the underlying disease biology, where we didn't really have Phase 2 data that could really predict where we were in Phase 3. And at that point, you sort of say, well if you don't know what you've got, you're more interested in looking at things. I would say where we are now two years down the road is I think Priya with her Steely-eye really taken a lot of the stuff out of our pipeline that either was never going to make it to market or if it did make it to market, it was never going to have much impact. And what we do have, and we've got more data now, gives us a whole lot more confidence. I mean, when you got a dapirolizumab now with a Phase III, I mean, litifilimab has advanced -- the High Bio acquisition, we see as pretty transformative for our pipeline because that is exactly what we would like to see more of is data and Phase II that really gives you a sense of some level of conviction into Phase III recognizing that there are never any guarantees in R&D. So I think where we are is we could continue to do more of the high biotype transactions. We actually like the Reata transaction. Maybe the Street had a different view, but I don't think. The Street really completely understand how some of these rare diseases really work. For us, over time, we believe that SKYCLARYS is going to be a significant product. I think it is already a significant product. If we found another Reata where we -- you've got a product that is about to be launched on the market, and you could buy it for a price that generates a return for our shareholders then we would do it. But I think part of the problem is I don't think the people who are selling companies have quite integrated a lot of the pressures that are on this industry. The IRA is a de facto reduction in patent life for our industry, and there's a lot of pricing pressure from around the world. So the total commercial return for any one molecule today is not what it was even five years ago. And yet, I don't see really any shift in the premiums being paid or the price being paid. And there's always an asymmetry between the products that you know and the products that you're going to buy and so I think right now, we say we will look, if we could find another Reata, we would probably do it. We don't particularly want to do one deal that takes all of our cash flow because I think there is an interest in building the pipeline with multiple assets. If we could do more high bios, that's probably a nice sweet spot for us. We've kind of concluded that actually, we can probably manage quite nicely until the pipeline matures even further. So we don't feel any particular pressure to do things but I do think it's a job of every leadership person in this business to constantly look outside if we can find other sources of innovation. But I'm actually feeling very good about where Biogen is. Our share price may or may not reflect it, but I'm certainly not alone in this interest in thinking that the share price doesn't reflect where we are. And I think that's -- as a function of a lot of the uncertainty around our industry. But we are just keeping our heads down and executing on our launches and making sure these products get to market. And finding if there are shareholder value-enhancing transactions that can be done at pretty much any stage of the value chain.
Tim Power : Lets go to the next one please Jennifer.
Operator: We'll go next to Chris Schott with JPMorgan.
Chris Schott : Great. Thank so much for the question. Just I want to come back to the OpEx space. I know the company is wrapping up its Fit for Growth program and there is some moving pieces here with the royalty pharma deal. But as we think about the P&L going forward, is this kind of $3.9 billion or so OpEx space, a good rough number to think about for Biogen going forward? Or is there any other color about how to think about margin progression as we think about the next few years? Thank you.
Mike McDonnell : Yes, Chris, I think that's right. The Fit for Growth program was designed to take our OpEx to a level that supports our revenue expectations. And I think that as we exit 2025 and go into future years. Obviously, if we have launches to support and other things, we'll need to invest in those appropriately. But I think the way that you described it is correct. And the program will be completed at the end of this year and the $3.9 billion base rate is a good number to use as your baseline model.
Chris Viehbacher : Yes. And clearly business development, every time you do a deal, you bring in potentially new R&D expense. But I think what you've seen us do is prioritize. We've actually stopped a number of internal programs, which actually creates the financial capacity to bring other assets in. One of the biggest problems of business development typically has been is that the R&D budget is full, and there isn't any room to bring in new things. Well, we are actually making some of those difficult choices and the same is true on research. We have dramatically reduced our research budget but the idea was not necessarily to just save cost. The idea was that we wanted a different mix in there. And by prioritizing, we can actually do business development without having to increase our overall expenditure, at least that is what we've been able to do so far.
Tim Power: And then we are running short on time. Maybe to squeeze 1 or 2 last ones and let's go to the next one.
Operator: We'll go next to Evan Seigerman with BMO Capital Markets.
Evan Seigerman : Hi, guys. Thank you so much for taking my question. Mike, congrats on your retirement. You will be missed. Robin. I'm really looking forward to working with you. And Tim, congrats on your first [bit in] (ph) the earnings call, I got that all in. I want to touch very briefly on the use of GLP-1s in Alzheimer's disease. Novo Nordisk has talked a lot about the EVOKE trial, high risk, high reward. What happens if that hits, and this could evolve the standard-of-care for the kind of prevention of Alzheimer's disease, Priya maybe would love your thoughts there. Thank you.
Priya Singhal : Yes. Thank you, Evan. It's a very interesting hypothesis. And it's supported by some preclinical data, as well as meta-analysis that was looking at all-cause dementia and then some subsets, which also had Alzheimer's disease. And really, the scientific hypothesis behind it is thinking through about how glucose metabolism or regulation of that can impact neuro inflammation, vascular health all of that and contribute to kind of more brain health situation. And I think that, that is a -- it's worthy of exploring. I mean I think we need to remember that some randomized controlled trials have failed in the space, Takeda with pioglitazone and then actually Novo with liraglutide, small trial, 72 subjects, the ELAD trial, they didn't meet their primary endpoints. That said, I think we look forward to seeing the outcomes. What I think is really important to continue to remember is that when you are tackling something like Alzheimer's disease, you need to tackle the central pathology. We also note that the central pathology is not an overnight buildup, but build up over years. So for that reason, we continue to believe that an anti-amyloid agent like LEQEMBI that really addresses plaque but continues to address soluble toxic species after plaque clearance will have an important role to play. So I think we are looking forward to the results of EVOKE and EVOKE+ just like everybody. But I think we continue to believe that this is going to be -- LEQEMBI is going to play and continue to play an important role.
Tim Power: Okay. Lets go to our last one please.
Operator: Our last question comes from Phil Nadeau with TD Cowen.
Phil Nadeau : Good morning. Thanks for fitting as in. Let me add our congratulations to Mike Robin and Tim on their transitions. Just to drill down on the LEQEMBI short-term trajectory a little bit more closely. In Q4, revenue was up 30%, but the revenue recognized was only up $1 million. Can you talk about the dynamics behind that? Were there one-time issues? Or is there an increase in spend that we should project into 2025? And looking at 2025 trends, growth in 2024 was largely driven. Not entirely driven but largely driven by ex-U.S. is that replicable in 2025? Or are the low-hanging fruit of those markets already picked? Thanks.
Chris Viehbacher : Well, I think LEQEMBI in the U.S. was certainly up 200% Q4 on Q1. And so were seeing significant growth in the U.S. Yes, the ex-U.S. has certainly been strong as well. But I think it's both. So I think for 2025, in the absence of anything else, we see pretty much continuing trends would be our best guess at this. There may be some acceleration with the IV maintenance but we are not going to get the subcutaneous for maintenance until really in the last part of the year. Blood-based diagnostics could play a role, but we all know that it takes a while to get diagnostics to be actually accepted and reimbursed. So I think we are going to just see good, steady progress quarter-on-quarter. There hasn't been that much impact of [lecanemab] (ph) that could have a role at some point, but I think they're dealing with the same issues that we are. I think the big thing is really to as I say, to expand the prescriber base. I think really focus on the benefit of treatment and roll out these new formulations. So I think it's going to be continued progress. We obviously continue to believe that Alzheimer's can be a significant market, and that's why we're investing not only in tau, but in other modalities. The unmet need is incredible, 500,000 new patients every year. It is one of the leading causes of death. Certainly amongst over 65 year olds, but it's even a top 10 cause of death just in the general population. So not to mention the devastation that this causes to family. So the unmet need is huge. It is clear that in the short term, we have a lot of capacity constraints, but I think we've made a lot of progress in relieving some of those. And so I think now with these new formulations such as subcu and with the blood-based diagnosis, we have an opportunity to accelerate our growth, I would say, over the next two years to three years.
Mike McDonnell : Yes. And Phil, on the numbers just to reiterate something we said in the prepared remarks, the LEQEMBI fourth quarter end market revenue was $87 million globally. That's up about 30% sequentially from the third quarter of 2024. In the U.S., it was of the $87 million, $50 million in the U.S., and that's up about 28% sequentially.
Tim Power: Thanks, Mike, and thanks, everybody, for your time today. The IR team is available if youve got questions later today. Thank you.
Operator: This does conclude today's conference. We thank you for your participation.

===== 2024 Q3  (2024-10-30 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good morning. My name is Cynthia, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Biogen Third Quarter 2024 Earnings Call and Business Update. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers remarks, there will be question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Today's conference is being recorded. Thank you. I would now like to turn the conference over to Dr. Stephen Amato, Senior Director of Investor Relations. Dr. Amato, you may begin your conference.
Stephen Amato: Thank you. Good morning, and welcome to Biogen's third quarter 2024 earnings call. During this call, we'll make forward-looking statements, which involve risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from our forward-looking statements. We provide a comprehensive list of risk factors in our SEC filings, which I encourage you to review. Our earnings release and other documents related to our results as well as reconciliations between GAAP and non-GAAP results discussed on this call can be found in the Investors section of biogen.com. We have also posted the slides on our website that will be used during this call. On today's call, I'm joined by our President and Chief Executive Officer, Chris Viehbacher, Dr. Priya Singhal, Head of Development; Mike McDonnell, Chief Financial Officer; as well as our Head and President of North America, Alisha Alaimo who will be available for Q&A. We will make some opening comments, and then we'll move to the Q&A session. To allow us to get through as many questions as possible, we kindly ask that you limit yourself to one question. I will now turn the call over to Chris.
Chris Viehbacher: Thank you, Steve. Good morning, everyone. I'll start first by thanking you, Steve for stepping up as Interim Head of IR and done a great job of preparing us for this quarter. Also earlier this week, we announced the retirement plans of our CFO, Mike McDonnell, and also the appointment of his successor, Robin Kramer. But Mike is still very firmly in the saddle as CFO, and we will be recognizing his significant contribution to Biogen with the fourth quarter earnings call later. So I think Biogen has made significant and very strong progress over the last two years. And I do think the company is well positioned for the future. Our launches are progressing well with good sequential quarter-over-quarter growth. Our cost base has been significantly reduced, but more importantly, a value-for-money approach to spending, I think, has been embedded in our culture. The acquisitions we've done to date have been well received and are already creating value. And I think we have a strong late-stage pipeline emerging. So if we turn first to the launches, let's start talking about LEQEMBI. Now although LEQEMBI revenue in the US continues to be below the expectations of our collaboration and the prescriber base is not expanded to the extent that we had anticipated, global revenue still grew by 66% in the third quarter as compared to the second quarter and we've got continued uptake outside the US and new prescriber growth of nearly 40% in the US The collaboration continues to refine the commercial strategy, and we are seeing benefits from an increase in our sales force, really who started out there in the field from first of September. And we continue to evaluate opportunities to potentially accelerate our business. Now we've continued to see some health care systems who are treating expand and extend and extending their treatment sites in the US. And more recently, we're starting to see large infusion networks activating in high-population geographies to help absorb patient demand. We've been encouraged by the rate of uptake outside the US, including Japan, where revenue nearly doubled from the previous quarter. And I think there's been terrific launch activities in particular, Japan and China. It does seem like a single payer system has also enabled that kind of growth. And overall, we expect continued sequential growth quarter-on-quarter for LEQEMBI over the near term. We believe there are a few future potential catalysts that could accelerate uptake, including the potential availability of IV maintenance as soon as next year, a subcutaneous formulation for maintenance and eventually induction, and more widespread utilization of blood-based diagnostics. Just to underline how much of a lift this is for physicians, some of you may have noted an opinion piece in JAMA Neurology, dated October 14, that was written by Katherine Possin of UCSF, Jeff Burns at University of Kansas and Brent Forester at Tufts. They talk about the unprecedented time of advances. But equally, they say the challenge and the importance of translating scientific advances in diagnostics, treatment and care into practice in a timely and equitable manner cannot be overemphasized. Innovation at the clinic healthcare system and policy levels is necessary to equitably translate advances at scale. So we continue to believe that this is going to be an important market. But again, we don't believe that we have a demand issue. It is just taking the healthcare system time to actually adapt to treating this number of patients. Turning to SKYCLARYS. We saw increased demand globally as we broadened our footprint, particularly in Europe. SKYCLARYS is now generating revenue from both commercial and other paid mechanisms in 15 markets outside the US. This includes a number of countries in the EU, where we are seeing increased demand quarter-over-quarter. Now at this point, I'd like to say there is a difference between how we generate revenue in the US and how we're seeing demand develop in Europe. In the US, our revenue is rising at the rate we find patients. In Europe, we are actually already out there commercializing the product. And we have a number of early access programs in place. But the strategy for a lot of products in Europe is to get patients on board while you're negotiating with governments to get reimbursement. And at some point, then the governments reimburse those patients and you have an immediate population of patients ready to go because they are already on treatment. So when you're looking at the progression quarter-on-quarter, the ex-US piece is not going to be a reflection of growing demand, but it's going to be a reflection of at what point in time do we get reimbursement for governments. But I can tell you that we are adding patients every day, every week in Europe at a pace that has exceeded our expectations. Now, we are looking to expand access to more patients, and there are now 11 regulatory filings that have been submitted globally. So we're looking now beyond the US and Europe, and they could start generating revenue as soon as next year. ZURZUVAE continues to outperform our expectations commercially in the US where we saw $22 million of revenue in the third quarter, and that's an increase of 49% over the second quarter, driven in part by a 40% increase in patients this quarter. I think the team has done an outstanding job with this launch. In all of the cases we've been talking about, LEQEMBI, SKYCLARYS and ZURZUVAE, I'd just remind everybody that these are not pre-existing markets. We are building these markets in each case. And that always takes longer than having incremental innovation where you go in and you just are looking to take some market share from a pre-existing market. So if we could change the slide, Steve. Our goal is really for sustainable growth. And theres short term and there's medium-term growth. When I came to the company, I had really three major objectives. One is to put Biogen back onto a sustainable growth pattern for revenue, to build a pipeline that can sustain that growth for Biogen well into the 2030s and also to build a pipeline of leaders who will take this company to even more success in the 2030s. So as we look at the pipeline, I have to say, I think we are very excited about what we see emerging. Again, we are Biogen. We don't do incremental innovation. But I think there are some really interesting products that we feel very good about because unlike a lot of products in the past with Biogen, where we go into Phase 3, and we don't really know whether they're going to work, I think we've seen an awful lot in biomarkers, in data and other indications that suggest theres a -- we have a growing conviction in these assets. So BIIB080, one of the things that excites me is that although this is an intrathecal as Priya will say, we recruited early on this one and were finished recruiting. And to me, as someone who's had commercial experience over 35 years, when I see a clinical trial recruiting early, particularly in a competitive space where there are existing therapies, that augurs well for the product downstream. Dapirolizumab, we saw positive Phase 3 results, and I'd like to congratulate Priya because Priya had already thought about this and it's worked with UCB and there's actually a Phase 3 protocol ready to go. And so we'll be starting Phase 3 very soon. Lupus is an area of huge unmet need, and we have not only dapi, but we have litifilimab in two indications. And behind that, we have also felzartamab actually in lupus nephritis. In felza, we had some very encouraging data at San Diego in IgAN, and we've had breakthrough status on AMR. This is a game changer for us in terms of our pipeline because, again, here, we've got Phase 2 data that look very compelling. We all know that there are no guarantees in pipeline development. But at least we have, I think, reason to believe that these products could come to market and make a big difference. And as we start to look at the peak revenue for each of these products, the cumulative of all of these, if they all actually made it to market and got approved, have peak sales cumulatively of about $14 billion. And when you consider that our pharma business today is about $7.5 billion, this late-stage pipeline could really transform Biogen over the longer term. But I shouldn't really be talking about pipeline. The real expert is Priya. And so with that, I'm going to turn it over to Dr. Singhal.
Priya Singhal: Thank you, Chris. Over the last two years, we have focused heavily on augmenting our pipeline, as Chris noted, with an eye towards transforming innovation into novel and impactful medicines. As a result, I believe our current pipeline has several programs that are both supported by encouraging clinical data and have the potential to deliver meaningful value to patients. This includes dapi in SLE, litifilimab in both SLE and CLE, Felzartamab in multiple immune-mediated diseases, and our tau ASO BIIB080 in Alzheimer's, as Chris suggested. While advancing these programs remains our top priority, we are also working to implement acceleration strategy across the broader portfolio to expedite decision-making while continuing to focus on execution. An important example of this is BIIB080, where we recently completed enrollment in the amended Phase 2 trial design and now expect a readout in 2026. Additionally, with the positive Phase 3 results last month, we are moving very quickly with our collaboration partner, UCB, to initiate a second Phase 3 study for dapi in SLE this year. We are also implementing innovative new clinical development strategies to enhance clinical execution and accelerate cycle times. This includes initiatives like using AI to help optimize clinical trial participation and site selection. In parallel to these efforts and aligned with our ambition of continuing to build the pipeline, we are working also with our research and corporate development colleagues to evaluate external innovation opportunities across the development stage and several indications. Overall, we believe that through these objectives, we have the opportunity to execute on a meaningful opportunity that Chris has laid out for Biogen. Turning to the quarter. I would like to begin with Alzheimer's, where we are working with Eisai to continue generating important insights on LEQEMBI in early AD. This includes areas like long-term treatment effect and real-world evidence, such as that presented at CTAD, but importantly, we are also working to provide optionality for patients. Encouraged by data showing expanded benefit with continued LEQEMBI treatment and beyond just the removal of plaques, we continue to pursue maintenance storing options. We expect regulatory decisions on maintenance dosing for both the IV and the subcutaneous auto-injector next year in 2025. Furthermore, the AHEAD 3-45 study, evaluating the ability of LEQEMBI to prevent or delay Alzheimer's in preclinical or presymptomatic AD enrolled well, and we just completed enrollment this month in October. I look forward to us providing updates as this trial advances. We are also working to expand our leadership by advancing novel treatment approaches, including shuttles across different disease states and targets such as [Technical Difficulty] with BIIB080. Moving to immunology. We believe we are building an industry-leading late-stage pipeline comprised of programs with established proof of concept. These programs cover a range of immune-mediated diseases that are characterized by significant unmet need. This includes our recent acquisition of felzartamab, where we expect to initiate three Phase 3 studies next year in AMR, IgAN and PMN while continuing to evaluate other indications where this mechanism of action may be relevant. Additionally, we have multiple programs in SLE where it is estimated that over 3 million individuals worldwide are affected and current standard of care are associated with suboptimal efficacy and various treatment-related toxicities, leading to lasting negative consequences such as organ damage. SLE is also the number one cause of death in women aged 15 to 24 in the US and treatment options for before, during and after pregnancy are limited due to safety concerns and contraindications for most common therapies. Underscoring the potential of our immunology pipeline, we are pleased to report that the Phase 3 study of dapi plus standard of care met the primary endpoint, showing a statistically significant greater improvement in disease activity as assessed by the BICLA endpoint at 48 weeks versus placebo plus standard of care. Importantly, we also saw clinical improvements on key secondary endpoints assessing disease activity and flare prevention, two areas that represent key treatment goals for the management of SLE. Following the prior Phase 2 study, Biogen, along with our collaboration partner, UCB, spent time analyzing the results in an attempt to design and derisk a Phase 3 study and demonstrate a potential treatment effect. These learnings, combined with our understanding of the underlying disease biology inform the design of the Phase 3 study which included updated screening criteria to ensure patients had active disease in need of a biologic therapy on top of standard of care. The success of this approach is punctuated by the fact that dapi is only the third molecule to show positive Phase 3 results in a global study in SLE over the last 20 years. We look forward to presenting detailed results from this Phase 3 study as a late breaker at the ACR annual meeting next month and together with UCB, expect to initiate the second Phase 3 study this year. Turning to SMA. Our priority has always been on continuing to improve outcomes for patients. We were pleased to present detailed results from the DEVOTE study evaluating the investigational higher-dose regimen of nusinersen at the World Muscle Society meeting earlier this month. The higher dose regimen consists of 250-milligram loading doses followed by 28 milligrams maintenance doses every four months. This regimen of high dose delivers more drug in the first administration than the entire two-month loading phase of the approved SPINRAZA 12-milligram regimen. Consistent with the more rapid loading regimen, higher-dose nusinersen slowed neurodegeneration faster than SPINRAZA 12 milligrams as measured by neurofilament at day 64, an objective biomarker. The pivotal infantile onset cohort in Part B of DEVOTE met the primary endpoint of change from baseline to six months in the CHOP INTEND compared to the prespecified match sham group, demonstrating a clinically and statistically significant improvement. We also observed trends in reduced risk of death or permanent ventilation versus both sham control and the currently approved regimen. In addition, we shared initial results from the open-label Part C portion of the study with participants aged 4 to 65, transitioning from SPINRAZA 12 milligrams after an average of nearly four years on treatment. This group showed improvement in motor function after transitioning to higher dose. These are exciting results as we seek to help patients currently on disease-modifying therapies. Importantly, the high dose regimen was generally well tolerated and showed a safety profile similar to the approved 12-milligram regimen. We believe these results highlight the unique potential of SPINRAZA to help address remaining unmet need in individuals with SMA, and we aim to submit global regulatory filings later this year. In conclusion, this past quarter, I believe we continued to execute well and achieved several important development milestones that highlight the potential of our pipeline to deliver meaningful new therapies to patients. In addition to late-stage readouts in lupus and SMA, we also submitted ex US filings for zuranolone and PPD and obtained approvals for SKYCLARYS and QALSODY in Switzerland and China, respectively. We also presented new data insights across multiple disease areas, at multiple medical meetings, including Alzheimer's, neuromuscular and renal disease. Today, we believe that the pipeline is well positioned to deliver a regular cadence of pivotal readouts and potential launches. We continue to aspire to bring transformative medicines to patients' lives while we deliver on Biogen's objective of achieving sustainable growth. Furthermore, I believe that the same core capabilities and deep disease area expertise that enabled us to reshape our current pipeline and established leadership foothold in areas like Alzheimer's, immunology and rare disease also uniquely position us to evaluate external innovation as we look for opportunities to augment our pipeline. With that, I would now like to hand the call over to Mike for a financial update.
Mike McDonnell: Thank you, Priya, and good morning to everyone. And I'd like to provide some color on our third quarter results and all the comparisons that you'll hear me make are versus the third quarter of 2023, unless you hear me note otherwise. Total revenue for the quarter was $2.5 billion. Both total revenue and core pharmaceutical revenue were down 3%. Non-GAAP diluted EPS was $4.08 and that's down 6%. In just a moment, I'll provide some additional detail on some key dynamics to note from the third quarter. Non-GAAP operating income increased 4% versus the third quarter of 2023 as we continue to benefit from our R&D prioritization and Fit for Growth initiatives. We are pleased to again be raising our full year 2024 guidance range. And in just a few moments, I'll provide some additional color on our raised guidance range for 2024. Few comments on revenue for the third quarter. Our MS product revenue declined by approximately 9%, and that was driven primarily by competitive dynamics in the space, along with some channel dynamics. Importantly, we announced last week that the European Patent Office upheld the validity of Biogen's TECFIDERA related patent covering DMF dosing, which expires in February of 2028. We are pleased with the decision. However, generics are challenging this patent, and we do anticipate further challenges. TYSABRI has seen impacts from a biosimilar entrant in Europe, and although a biosimilar is not yet launched in the US, we continue to see increasing competition in the high-efficacy class. Next, our rare disease franchise produced revenue of $495 million, and that represents growth of 10%. The SKYCLARYS launch continues to progress in the US, where revenue of $82 million increased 8% from the second quarter, and that was driven by increased demand. SKYCLARYS is now generating revenue in 15 countries outside the US with third quarter global revenue of $102 million. This was up modestly from the second quarter, driven by an increase in demand, and that was partially offset by some pricing and reimbursement dynamics in some newly launched markets. Global SPINRAZA revenue of $381 million declined $67 million or 15% and that was impacted by the loss of an annual tender in Russia, which resulted in an unfavorable impact of approximately $45 million in the third quarter. It is important to note that this tender which occurs and contributes to revenue only once each year affected Q3 2024 results, but we do not expect further revenue impact for the rest of this year. The global decrease was also impacted by the timing of shipments and some foreign currency. SPINRAZA US revenue was up 2% to $153 million, and we remain encouraged by the performance here. ZURZUVAE delivered $22 million of revenue in the quarter, and that's up 49% from the second quarter, and we continue to be encouraged by an increase in demand. We again saw sequential growth for LEQEMBI with third quarter global in-market sales booked by Eisai of approximately $67 million, and that's up 66% versus the second quarter. LEQEMBI in-market sales in the US were $39 million, that's up 33% versus the second quarter. And finally, contract manufacturing, royalty and other revenue was $250 million. That was notably lower year-over-year as expected due to the completion of certain batch commitments in 2023. Now, I'll turn to a few comments on third quarter expenses. Non-GAAP cost of sales as a percentage of revenue decreased 2 percentage points, and that was driven primarily by product mix, particularly the year-over-year increase in revenue from new product launches and the decrease in contract manufacturing revenue as well as lower idle capacity charges. Non-GAAP R&D expense decreased $48 million as we continue to see benefits from our R&D prioritization initiatives. Non-GAAP SG&A expense increased 1% in the third quarter as benefits from our Fit for Growth initiative allowed us to absorb most of the $45 million of incremental costs in the third quarter associated with our launches. We continue to believe we can garner $1 billion of gross and $800 million of net savings associated with our Fit for Growth initiative by the end of 2025. Non-GAAP EPS was $4.08 in the third quarter. EPS was unfavorably impacted by certain non-operating items, including a decline of approximately $80 million of net interest income on lower cash balances as a result of the Reata and HI-Bio acquisitions. This was partially offset by some favorable tax items in the quarter, which added about $16 million to our net income. Now a brief update on our balance sheet. We ended the quarter with $1.7 billion of cash and marketable securities and approximately $4.6 billion of net debt. We were able to generate approximately $901 million of free cash flow, and that was our highest free cash flow since the second quarter of 2021. Third quarter 2024 free cash flow benefited in part from some favorable working capital dynamics. We continue to believe that our balance sheet remains strong and provides us the capacity to continue to invest in both internal and external growth opportunities. Turning now to guidance. We're pleased that the business performance year-to-date, again supports raising our full year 2024 non-GAAP diluted EPS guidance range from between $15.75 and $16.25 to a new range of between $16.10 and $16.60. This new range reflects expected growth of approximately 11% at the midpoint of the range compared to full year 2023. I'd like to highlight a few of the key assumptions relevant to this guidance. First, on the top line, we continue to expect that our total revenue will decline by a low single-digit percentage. And as we've communicated throughout the year, we expect to continue to ramp investment behind our new product launches and key R&D programs which includes felzartamab following our acquisition of HI-Bio. And lastly, as is typically the case with our business, we expect seasonally higher SG&A spend in the fourth quarter as compared to the rest of the year. I would refer you to this slide as well as our press release for other important guidance assumptions. In closing, we remain focused on advancing our ongoing product launches and key areas of our late-stage pipeline. We believe our efforts in these areas will help position Biogen for long-term sustainable growth, which continues to be our number one goal. And with that, we will open up the call for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Brian Abrahams with RBC Capital Markets.
Brian Abrahams: Hey, good morning. Thanks so much for taking my question. I'm curious on LEQEMBI, when you might expect to see more pull-through from the expanded commercial efforts, whether you're starting to see any of those signals in October. And you mentioned as well the potential for some other commercial acceleration strategies in your prepared remarks. Can you maybe expand on that a little bit more and characterize your overall alignment with Eisai on the commercial plans? Thanks.
Chris Viehbacher: Yeah. I'll take the second part of the question, Brian, and then pass it over to Alisha can give a little more color on the expanded field force. I think we have learned an awful lot really in the year since we launched the product. I mean, the product launch really started really last fall, I mean we had to get all of the commercial team in place, but we also needed clarity around things like reimbursement of the PET scans. So for us, I think this is about the anniversary really of the launch. And there are a lot of things that we are now understanding, the time it can take for IDNs to really get their protocols in place and the care pathways. But there are also a number of things like who's the right patient? And we have also an awful lot more data coming along. We're going to have the subcutaneous formulation, hopefully, next year for maintenance, the IV for maintenance sometime next year. And so it seems opportune for the two partners now to come together and just review what's working well and what could we be doing more. So we'd probably be able to give you some more color on that. I would say the teams are working very well together. We both understand that this is a very complicated launch. I think more complicated than most that I've certainly seen, I think, most people have seen. And yet, we do see a lot of physicians, again, who are really putting an awful lot of work in to make all of this happen to triage the patients as to who's really the right patient, a high percentage of patients coming into the neurologists are not eligible for treatment. Then organizing the PET scans are the lumbar punctures, the MRIs and the infusion beds. So we've seen an awful lot of real effort out there in the marketplace, and we add prescribers every week and we see more sales every week. And so I think that's the way it's going to progress probably until we get the subcutaneous for induction. I think that could be quite a game changer. And again, more use of the blood-based diagnostics in place of the PET scan. Both of those would, I think, dramatically reduce the workload of physicians. But Alisha, maybe you can talk about the expanded field force and anything else you think might be helpful.
Alisha Alaimo: Yeah. Thank you, Chris, and thanks for the question, Brian. As all of you have seen in Q3, we did have steady launch progress as we've seen in prior quarters and that's including in the new number of patients. Also encouraging what you don't see in the trends that we're able to see is the total prescribers writing and actually in Q3 the new number of writers increased by 40% versus Q2. So you are seeing these physicians come on every single week, IDNs expanding every single week as well. However, at the end of the day, just like in the beginning of the launch and even today, fast forward after we've been out in the field for a while, what shows up in market research as the key barrier is still these infrastructure challenges, as Chris alluded to. However, now with the new Biogen team on Board, we're also able to confirm that, especially with physicians who haven't written yet, that is really one of their main concerns. Our second concern, of course, is still ARIA, even though it's not as big of a concern as it was prior. However, once they work through some patients and they work out their protocols, you do see that alleviate. However, we now have our full field force out there. And as a reminder, we were very intentional as an organization as to who to hire. We were in a little bit of a luxury situation at the time when we posted these roles, we had over 1,000 applicants and we only had a little over 25 roles that we had posted. So we were really able to pick those individuals who either had history in Alzheimer's disease or a history in these territories and already had built-in relationships. And so now the teams have been out there for several weeks. We are starting to see in the offices specifically where Biogen has overlaid with Eisai. Where we are engaging, we do see a little bit more accelerated growth than what you do see in the rest of the nation, we're able to reach more targets and also, doors are opening up a little more easily for us because, again, those representatives did have prior relationships with physicians. And so in the longer term, we obviously are going to continue with doing frequency in depth. But at the end of the day, for example, we can say in the Pacific Northwest, we had a rep that's been -- had a relationship that actually prior with MS for 17 years, they're able to help the physician right away. Another physician in the Southeast they had a relationship over 20 years. They were able to unlock over 30 patients, I think, in less than a two-week time period. So the relationships we've seen has mattered. Also the history has mattered, and we are starting to see some acceleration, even though they've only been out there fully for about a month or so.
Stephen Amato: Thank you, Alisha. Next question, please.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Phil Nadeau with TD Cowen.
Phil Nadeau: Good morning. Thanks for taking our question. Chris, you've referenced the subcutaneous formulation a couple of times already this morning. Could you give us a bit more of an update on the status of the subcu filings both for maintenance as well as for induction? Thanks.
Chris Viehbacher: Sure. I'll turn that over to Priya.
Priya Singhal: Yes, thank you for that question. So we remain on top to really complete our subcutaneous maintenance filing as Eisai has indicated, and we expect that to be imminent. And then moving on to the initiation, we are working to generate the data, analyze the data. This is part of the CLARITY open-label extension study in the subcutaneous sub-study. And as Eisai has indicated, we remain on track to expect a regulatory outcome on subcutaneous initiation therapy by Q1 of 2026 calendar year.
Stephen Amato: Thank you, Priya. Next question please, operator.
Operator: Your next question comes from Marc Goodman with Leerink.
Marc Goodman: Yes. Could you comment a little bit more on SKYCLARYS OUS. There was a comment in the opening remarks about pricing and reimbursement dynamics. And if you could just give us a little more color there to the challenges. Thank you.
Chris Viehbacher: Yeah. So as you know, you get approval in Europe, but then you have to go country by country to negotiate for reimbursement. And basically, what we are already doing is seeing physicians, and we're getting patients on treatment. But the actual revenue generation of those patients varies by country. So there are some countries, for instance, where you can charge for an early access program. There are countries where you can't, there are some countries where you can get reimbursement much earlier than other European countries. So we are in that process. What we have not done is really started the revenue generation -- sorry, the patient demand generation with reimbursement. We are active in all countries and signing up patients. And so we're tracking patient numbers, which are growing considerably every month. What you will see in the quarterly revenue numbers is when those patients convert to revenue-generating patients. And that is, by definition, going to be a little lumpy because the patient demand is actually in advance of when we generate revenue. And on the -- on those programs where you have early access that you can pay for, you have to establish a price. But in some cases, there is a clawback if the reimbursed price is going to be lower than what the prices you're charging. And obviously, as we go into countries and have a better idea where the price point is, we've had to make some adjustments on revenue that we have booked and those programs where we can charge for an EAP. And that's just really a normal process in most launches in Europe.
Stephen Amato: Thank you, Chris. Next question, operator.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Salveen Richter with Goldman Sachs.
Salveen Richter: Thank you, good morning. Chris, you spoke to the efforts with regard to the late-stage pipeline in R&D, but you've also noted the lever with regard to business development. Any updated thoughts here as to the strategy for the latter on the [ford] (ph)?
Chris Viehbacher: Yeah, I mean we're in one of those classic situations in our industry where we've had a legacy portfolio of assets that is facing increased competition. And on the horizon, we see an extremely promising pipeline and how do you bridge across that. And some companies choose to simply wait that out and wait for the arrival of the pipeline. And our business is likely to grow between now and 2028, but I would say that the growth is not necessarily satisfactory for us. So we are looking and continue to look, I spent personally quite a lot of time on this. Are there assets that we could bring in that could enhance our revenue growth in the near term but also that still create value for shareholders. We're not really interested in just buying revenue. If we can buy growth, and we can make a very good return on investment, then we'll do so. But as you know, assets get pretty highly priced as they get close to the market. So you have to do an awful lot of digging and an awful lot of looking, and that's what we are doing. We have a whole team of people that look at both public and private companies. And I think we still have considerable financial capacity. And Mike, you may want to comment on that. But we are active in that, but we are also disciplined fiduciaries of shareholder money. I've always said we get paid to make our shareholders wealthy, not somebody else's shareholders.
Mike McDonnell: Yeah. So, Salveen, just on capacity, just to give you a frame of reference. We ended the quarter with about $1.7 billion of cash on hand. And when you think about our capital structure, about $6.3 billion in total debt on an EBITDA run rate of about $3.3 billion to $3.4 billion. So it's below 2 times gross, that's a very modest amount. And when you think about capacity, we're pleased with about $2 billion of free cash flow year-to-date, $901 million in the quarter. So with a couple of billion dollars plus of free cash flow per year and less than two turns of gross leverage, you can see over the next couple of years, if you added a reasonable amount of incremental debt at some point in time plus the free cash flow and the cash on hand, there's comfortably $8 billion to $10 billion of capacity that you've got over the next year or two in order to collaborate and transact and look at acquisitions and other things that we can do to help supplement our growth.
Stephen Amato: Thank you, Mike. Next question please, operator.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Michael Yee with Jefferies.
Michael Yee: Thank you, good morning. We noticed that you completed the enrollment of the AHEAD 3-45 study. And I just wanted to ask Priya, if you could remind us what the timeline would look for that, more specifically, if there is a potential for an interim analysis handle what that would be based on? My understanding is that these are pretty early presymptomatic patients. Is there an enrichment of the population? And why would you be expecting that this can be positive? Thank you.
Priya Singhal: Thank you, Michael. Yes, we're excited about the fact that AHEAD 3-45 has completed enrollment in October. Just to remind everyone, it's two trials, and one is really looking at early intermediate stages, patients with early intermediate stages of amyloid and the other is with higher load amyloid. And these are very large trials. So it's about 400 patients in the AHEAD 3, which is the earliest intermediate stage and about 1,000 patients in AHEAD 4, 5 and the timeline, the trials have a 216-week time point. Having said that, we are continuing in parallel to engage with regulators and look at all options of when these might be ready to read out. So we'll continue to provide more updates, but we're very excited about having completed enrollment, specifically because the data that we've shared from the CLARITY study shows that treating early and with patients with low tau or no tau, really, you see a lot of benefits in terms of stabilization and actually even clinical improvement. So it continues to really be a very exciting space for patients to have therapies, and that's why we're very excited about where we are today.
Stephen Amato: Thank you, Priya. Next question, please.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Umer Raffat with Evercore ISI.
Umer Raffat: Hi, guys. Thanks for taking my questions. I thought I'd focus on a slightly different topic for a quick second. It does look like there's a very significant amount of R&D investment going into lupus between your felzartamab, as well as your BDCA molecule and possibly the CD38 as well. And I guess my broader question is this. You hit a Phase 3, which is obviously good news. But separately, we're seeing incredible remission data from some CD19 CAR-Ts, which might even possibly manifest in some CD19 bispecifics as well. So it seems like you have a lot of exposure, not on that area, which is CD19 bispecific. And I guess, how should we weigh by the time you guys do get to this market relative to some of the emerging data from potentially CD19 bispecific or the T cell engagers? Thank you very much.
Priya Singhal: Thank you, Umer. Yes, we continue to watch the innovation in the space, and it's exciting for patients. But I think when you step back and you think about the potential, the dapi can offer. And with the data that we shared and we'll be sharing more data at ACR in a few weeks here, and it is embargoed, we're very excited by what we've seen in this moderate to severe population. So just stepping back, when you look at SLE, it is really a chronic disease, very heterogeneous, high global burden of disease, specifically in women and underserved population. And we believe that many options will be required. So I think while the bispecifics and the CAR-Ts may show efficacy in small population, we've got to keep in mind that these are very small data sets and likely may not be relevant to the entire population. And I think that here is where the scientific hypothesis and continuing to generate data sort of in Phase 2 that makes us believe that we could have a high probability of success in Phase 3 becomes really important. And with dapi, we're really addressing and inhibiting the CD40 ligand, which has the ability to reduce B and T cell activation, downregulating interferon pathways. And then with litifilimab, we're going after the Type 1 interferon signature and really looking at inhibiting BDCA2 in the plasma delta itself. So we believe that this is going to be really important and probably many options are required, but we remain really optimistic about the data that we've seen so far and the momentum that we have with our trials. So we continue to be believers in these pathways and these programs. With litifilimab, as you know, we're also addressing cutaneous lupus where really there has been no innovation in 70 years. So again, we have high scientific conviction, as Chris mentioned, and we'll continue to prosecute these.
Chris Viehbacher: And I'll just add, Umer, I was at GSK when we were developing BENLYSTA over 15 years ago, and we almost killed that program because of modest efficacy until we realized that everything else was failing, and this was the last product standing. And to date, only two products have been approved. Dapi would be the third. And I can tell you, over the years, we've seen an awful lot of data in small populations as Priya has said. And so I think we have to wait and see who actually gets to the finish line. On CAR-T, some interesting data, but the logistics of CAR-T are not yet such that you're going to be seeing significant numbers of patients being treated in my personal opinion. So I think as Priya said, there's a need there today. We have a product that has demonstrated results we're going full speed ahead. And just given the nature of this disease, I think you're going to find that there's not going to be any one product that ultimately is a winner. It's going to take different approaches.
Stephen Amato: Thank you, Chris. Next question please, operator.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jay Olson with Oppenheimer.
Jay Olson: Hey, congrats on the quarter, and thank you for taking the question. We're curious about the $14 billion of peak revenue potential from your four key pipeline programs. Can you talk about the relative contribution and timing of the four products in terms of which ones are the largest and nearest term? Thank you.
Chris Viehbacher: I don't want to get into giving individual revenue forecast. I think the idea was to give a sense of what's the magnitude of pipeline. We all know that not everything can always succeed. But I do think if you look at where are there going to be significant programs, if you look at BIIB080 in Alzheimer's, we do believe, and I think Biogen is not the only one. I see Lilly and Roche continue to invest significantly. You've seen AbbVie lay out quite an awful lot of money for a very early-stage asset in Alzheimer's. So I think we all believe that as the healthcare system is ultimately able to adapt to the significant demand for treatment that this becomes an important market. And what we can see, and I was just at a major world-class medical school last week, spent a day there with a lot of researchers in Alzheimer's, they are excited about tau in a way that we have not seen always at a beta. Alzheimer's severity really varies with the level of tau and people really believe -- a lot of people in the field really believe that going after tau will really have a significant benefit for patients. So we do think that BIIB080 is certainly a product with a tremendous amount of potential. And as Priya said, we have dapi, but we also have litifilimab and also felza in lupus nephritis. So we do see that lupus is going to be a significant market. And again, you look at you look at BENLYSTA that is selling at about $3 billion a year. And then there's an AstraZeneca product that hasn't done as well, but you look at the numbers of patients, this is still a market where there's considerable room for expansion. In felza, we have three Phase 3 programs going in, and we see all of those three indications as being a significant opportunity. So again, you add them up. 14 is kind of like the top number, but somewhere between 9 and 14 is what our teams have estimated. Again, we have to wait and see what the clinical trial data looks like in the actual profile. But if you look at the potential of these markets and the unmet need and the potential for differentiation, we're becoming increasingly excited about this emerging pipeline.
Stephen Amato: Thank you, Chris. Next question, please.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Evan Seigerman with BMO Capital Markets.
Evan Seigerman: Hi guys. Thank you so much for taking my questions. I know in the past we've talked about the potential for SPINRAZA returning to growth. Given the softer numbers this quarter, can you just talk about how you think that this is achieved. Is it predicated on high-dose nusinersen? Or are there other factors and levers that you can pull to accelerate -- reaccelerate the growth of this product? Thank you.
Chris Viehbacher: Well, so globally, actually, if we take out some of the onetime effects of -- or sort of the exceptional effects of the ex US, ex European markets, actually, we did see a growth for SPINRAZA. It's clearly a very competitive marketplace. And -- but it turns out that even though we have an intrathecal administration, that efficacy is really what matters in really severe diseases. And that's what we compete on. We had a study that has demonstrated, for example, the benefit of adding SPINRAZA on to ZOLGENSMA as gene therapy and we know that the oral therapies have limitations in terms of which patients can be treated. I think that our teams believe that DEVOTE is extremely important because we can get to the -- through the loading doses and get to the right level of therapeutic benefit faster than we could previously. And that actually reduces the number of intrathecal injections at least for the loading phase. So I think this is really an efficacy gain, but I'll ask Alisha, at least from a US perspective, how you see that?
Alisha Alaimo: Thank you, Chris. And hello, Evan, thank you for the question. SPINRAZA has really been a very strong contributor, especially in the US business. So when you look at rare disease, we believe that SPINRAZA has really set that benchmark for what really excellent efficacy looks like and then it translates down to a patient. And so growth year-over-year, which my team has seen, and even that's during a time we've had two very strong competitors. We had oral launch during stay-at-home orders and the team is still really leading the way with SPINRAZA. And we do believe it's for a few reasons. One, the efficacy of the product is obviously very strong. And a lot of our growth also comes from switchback. There's a lot of patients that are returning back to SPINRAZA once they've switched away to a competitor, and they realize that maybe the efficacy isn't there. And so we do see quite a bit of that in the US. And secondly, you fast forward eight years, we are still finding new patients in this space, and that's with three major biopharma companies putting money into this rare disease. And so you do see new patients still coming online. And we believe at least on the Biogen side, we are very good at patient finding. We're able to find them quite quickly. We have an excellent AI sort of machine that we use along with the field force. We're able to locate them in centers of excellence and physicians are able to reach out and find these patients. And so with high dose coming, one of the pieces of feedback you do get from physicians and patients, as you know, we just wish we had more. And so with that, we're preparing right now for that, obviously, the filing and the potential approval going into label, and we do believe that high dose will also support growth quarter-over-quarter, year-on-year for at least the US organization.
Stephen Amato: Thank you, Alisha. Next question please, operator.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Paul Matteis with Stifel.
Paul Matteis: Hey, thanks very much for taking the question. In connecting some of the dots here, Chris, as it relates to the hires you've made and some of your portfolio decisions around certain legacy high-risk assets, it feels like more and more Biogen is bolstering its expertise in neurology and maybe shifting away from neurology. Is that the right way we should think about things going forward? In other words, when you look at business development, do you have any appetite any more to take on risk in neuroscience or do you feel like immunology, rare areas that you have a lot of experience with historically are going to be the sweet spot going forward? Thanks.
Chris Viehbacher: I would say, first, we're already long in neurology and neuroscience. I mean we have very significant investments, obviously, with the BIIB080 program, continued significant investment in LEQEMBI. We're still spending hundreds of millions of dollars every year on the LEQEMBI R&D. And we have actually a number of programs coming behind that in early-stage development. We're working on brain shuttle technology, but looking at other modalities in Alzheimer's, we still have earlier-stage programs in MS and ALS, a significant program in Parkinson's in partnership with Denali. So I think we see neuroscience as somewhere where we already have a significant commitment. But to me, I think it's not a good idea to just be in one therapeutic area. And in addition, I think we actually already have capabilities beyond neuroscience. The whole MS franchise is really an immunology franchise. You treat MS through the immune system. And I do believe we have an awful lot of immunology capability and that certainly gave us the confidence to do the HI-Bio acquisition. I&I, I go to a number of biotech conferences and venture conferences. I&I has now become the second most important area in R&D after oncology. And so you're going to have an awful lot of emerging opportunities for BD in this space. Biogen has a tremendous capability in small volumes and high-value products, highly differentiated scientific cell. And I think immunology fits that build. Rare disease is really more of a commercial description than a scientific one, but we do have a commercial model in rare diseases that has an awful lot of capability that not everybody does. And so expanding into that area with that commercial model almost being, I would say, indication agnostic is an area that we can go. And I don't think we're stretching our capabilities. There are some capabilities that we have to build. And in some ways, Fit for Growth was as much shifting some of the focus away from a traditional heavy focus on MS and being able to adopt some of these other capabilities. But I wouldn't -- we don't really want to get into those areas where we'd have to go up against really large pharma companies in the commercial model. We're not really into incremental innovation in Biogen. So I feel pretty comfortable that we can expand our horizons in certain areas of immunology, probably more related to rare diseases and neurological conditions in immunology, not necessarily things like RA or atopic dermatitis. But we have a legitimacy to play there, and we have the capability and we can really take advantage of a lot of the really smart people within Biogen.
Stephen Amato: Thank you, Chris. Can we move to our last question please.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Terence Flynn with Morgan Stanley.
Terence Flynn: Thanks for taking the question. Mike, I was just wondering if you can help us think directionally about margins for 2025 and some of the puts and takes. Thank you.
Mike McDonnell: Sure. And I'm going to assume, Terence, that you're referring primarily to our operating income margin. But I think we've made really good progress. The improvement in the third quarter, it was a little bit less than what you've seen. There's a little bit of lumpiness to it. And I think it's probably -- and some of that was driven by the revenue dynamics that we talked about in the quarter and some of the higher margin revenue like SPINRAZA, SKYCLARYS. But I think if you look at it on a year-to-date basis, that's probably the best way. We're 7% up year-to-date on the operating income line, a 7 percentage point improvement, I should say, it's 23% growth year-on-year. In our guidance, we talk about mid-single-digit improvement for the full year and high teens growth for full year. And I think that we feel good about the improvement that we've made. We still feel confident that we can garner the $1 billion gross and $800 million net savings, which will continue to help our margins. And we're not guiding beyond this year, but as we exit 2024 and head into 2025, I think it's important to remember that we've said that the $800 million of savings we expected to get half of that by the end of this year and the other half next year. So that will continue to improve our margin profile as we go.
Stephen Amato: Thank you, Mike, and thank you, everyone, for joining us today. Of course, the IR team will be available to answer any additional questions. Thank you.
Operator: This concludes today's call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2024 Q2  (2024-08-01 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good morning. My name is Anna and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Biogen Second Quarter 2024 Earnings Call and Business Update. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speaker's remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Today's conference is being recorded. Thank you. I would now like to turn the conference over to Mr. Chuck Triano, Head of Investor Relations. Mr. Triano, you may begin your conference.
Chuck Triano: Thank you. Good morning, good afternoon, and welcome to Biogen's second quarter 2024 earnings call. During this call, we'll make forward-looking statements which involve risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from those in our forward-looking statements. We provide a comprehensive list of risk factors in our SEC filings, which I encourage you to review. Our earnings release and other documents related to our results, as well as the reconciliation between GAAP and non-GAAP results discussed on the call, can be found in the Investors section at biogen.com. We have also posted the slides on our website that will be used during this call. On today's call, I'm joined by our President and Chief Executive Officer, Chris Viehbacher; our Head and President of North America, Alisha Alaimo; Dr. Priya Singhal, Head of Development; Mike McDonnell, Chief Financial Officer, and we'll be introducing Dr. Travis Murdoch from HI-Bio on the call. We'll make some opening comments and then we'll move to the Q&A session. And to allow us to get through as many questions as possible, we ask that you limit yourself to one question. With that, I'll now turn the call over to Chris.
Chris Viehbacher: Thanks, Chuck. We got a lot to cover this morning, but first, in addition to our regular team of Priya, Alisha, and Mike, I'd like to welcome a new member to our team, Dr. Travis Murdoch. Travis is a physician who trained as a gastroenterologist and then studied immunology as a Rhodes Scholar at Oxford. Following a career at McKinsey, Third Rock, and Softbank, he became the founder and CEO of HI-Bio. I'm pleased to welcome Travis and the HI-Bio team to Biogen. We now have, again, a presence on the West Coast. And the HI-Bio team, working in collaboration with their Biogen colleagues on the East Coast, will drive forward the development of felzartamab. So we're announcing really strong quarterly results this morning, but I would say this is really a quarter that has lasted 18 months. I think the results we're presenting really reflect the hard work of team Biogen to transform our company. 18 months ago, we were a company that had been declining for four years in revenue and profit. And we have been working pretty tirelessly for the last 18 months to really turn that around and create a new future for ourselves. At the Q4 earnings in February of 2023, we outlined five priorities. First one was focus on new launches. Second was to reduce our cost base and align resources with growth opportunities. Third was to focus our investments in R&D on the most promising assets and improve the risk/reward profile. Four was to optimize our existing portfolio. And five was external growth. We've had a few setbacks along the way, but nonetheless, I think the results today really show that Biogen has done what it said it would do. And that to me has been always important in business. So if I take each one of those, I think if we look at our new product launches, all of the launches are either in line or ahead of expectations. I'm particularly happy to see the very strong results for LEQEMBI, not only in the US, but there's been a very successful launch in Japan. And the early data from China are also extremely promising, and Alisha will talk more about that. Last year, we set out to reduce our cost base and we are more than on track on delivering on those results and you can see that in the not only the reduction in OpEx but the very strong improvement in margins and Mike will talk about that. But one of the things that you don't see in the P&L that I'm particularly proud of is although we've really reduced our cost base and improved our margins, we have invested massively where we need to for growth opportunities, both in LEQEMBI and the other launches, but also on really trying to turbocharge some of the key assets in R&D. And, Priya will talk more about that, but one of the beneficiaries of that is BIIB080, and another one is litifilimab. We also have -- although we have seen a declining MS portfolio due to increased competition, particularly from biosimilars and from generics, we still had a number of products where we still had long patent protection. And one was SPINRAZA. And I think we've seen some very good performance. This is a very competitive space. And SPINRAZA has been able to hold its own. I think when I first joined the company, most people thought we were predicting the decline of that. Today, I would say the bumpiness tends to be in some countries where we only ship every now and then. I think in Russia, for example, we do one shipment per year. So that business has always been a little bit bumpy. But if you look at market share, I think SPINRAZA has done extremely well. And I'm very pleased to see VUMERITY growing at double digits again now in the US. This is the only patent protected product in the oral segment of MS. We see an awful lot of movement in the injectable part, but the oral segment has stayed pretty much constant and it's a great opportunity and I'm glad to see Alisha and her team really taking advantage of that. And then, we always said we were going to be open to external growth and I think the Reata transaction last year is really starting to pay dividends. We're seeing a very strong launch not only in the US, but now also in Europe. As you know, we tend to get patients on access programs and then the reimbursement follows. But we are expecting to be approved in 20 countries by the end of this year. And I think we're extremely happy with that. ZURZUVAE addresses a huge unmet need and that launch is also well in excess of expectations. So as I sit here today, I would say, the results that you're seeing are not, as I say, just the results of what we've done in the second quarter, but really, I think we're putting up scores on the scoreboard here that really now are starting to demonstrate all of those initiatives that we put in place last year and we're starting to deliver on them. Now of course we're not done yet and I think there's a real opportunity to continue to develop a sustainable growth platform. And we'll do that in two ways. The first is really, now that we have prioritized R&D, I see the Alzheimer's portfolio as being a core franchise for us for the coming years. We're obviously continuing to invest heavily in LEQEMBI with the maintenance indication, the subcutaneous, but also I think the AHEAD study, if we can really get the evidence that it will really demonstrate the importance of early treatment. Priya will talk about it, but the 36-month data that we showed at AAIC this week are extremely important for the future growth of LEQEMBI. But we've always known there will be other modalities, and I think tau is emerging as an extremely important modality for the treatment of Alzheimer's, and I think Biogen is a clear leader in that. And again, Priya will say more about that. We're also seeing an emerging lupus portfolio. We'll have a readout later this year with dapirolizumab that we share with UCB. But we're quite excited about litifilimab, both for SLE as well as cutaneous lupus. And we add another element to the lupus portfolio with felza because that is actually in Phase 1 for lupus nephritis. And to me, and Travis will go into this more, but the acquisition of HI-Bio is extremely important for our longer term growth outlook. This is an opportunity to present a set of opportunities that have a different risk-benefit profile. We have very strong Phase 2 results, which gives us a whole lot more confidence in Phase 3 results than some of the other assets that we have in our portfolio. Neuroscience is an area of a very important unmet need, but it's also one of the riskiest and hardest areas. And so I think we get a little bit more balance in our portfolio by pursuing things in immunology. And so I personally am extremely excited about felza and what Travis and his team can do. The other axis to this is we're going to continue to look at business development. I think you have seen that we're pretty disciplined. I think both of the acquisitions that we've done so far with Reata and HI-Bio will drive an awful lot of shareholder value and that is certainly top of mind as we look at business development. So I think Biogen is in a much different place than we were 18 months ago. We still have a number of challenges like any other company, but I think we're really positioned for longer-term growth now at the company. And with that, I'd like to turn it over to Alisha to give us a little more color on the successful launches.
Alisha Alaimo: Thank you, Chris, and good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining the call today. Today I'll provide our perspective on the progress with LEQEMBI, SKYCLARYS and ZURZUVAE. So I will begin with the Alzheimer's market. We believe we're continuing to build momentum with more health systems across the country, now having the capability to treat a higher volume of Alzheimer's patients. And in Q2, we saw these promising trends continue. Notably, we sustained new patient growth. Nearly 40% of all commercial patients on therapy since launch, started treatment during Q2. The number of physicians prescribing LEQEMBI also grew by 50%. Depth of ordering at our priority 100 IDNs continued to accelerate, and the total order volume more than doubled again in Q2 compared to Q1. It's important to know that based on the data we've seen to date, these trends continued into the first weeks of July, demonstrating that we are sustaining launch progress. We also believe we're seeing positive signals that health system capacity may be increasing. For example, last quarter, I described how some IDNs are expanding and extending their sites of care. Through Q2, nearly 70% of the activated priority 100 IDNs expanded beyond their flagship sites to treat patients at their trial sites. And we have seen this dynamic play out beyond the priority IDNs as well. We believe this growing real world experience with LEQEMBIs efficacy and safety further strengthens its unique profile in a newly competitive market. Specifically, some HCP share that because LEQEMBI was studied in the broadest and most diverse population of any anti-amyloid drug today, it removed some of the complex considerations about which potential patients are appropriate for Alzheimer's treatments. Alzheimer's is a chronic, degenerative, and fatal disease that does not stop even after plaque is removed. In fact, our long-term data show that patients who stopped LEQEMBI treatment experienced rapid re-accumulation of key plasma biomarkers that indicate Alzheimer's disease biology was returning. Importantly, the rate of decline in most patients who stopped therapy were averted to the rate of decline observed in patients who took placebo, which is why we believe patients deserve a therapy with a benefit-risk profile that enables them to remain on treatment to stay ahead of disease progression, even after removing plaques by preventing ongoing damage and plaque buildup. Recent data that Priya will describe reinforces that in patients with three years of continuous treatment, LEQEMBI showed continued benefits. And finally, though there are no head-to-head studies comparing the available therapies, the FDA has been clear that the incidence and timing of ARIA vary among drugs in this class. Observed ARIA rates in patients who receive LEQEMBI were the lowest reported among any Phase 3 trial for a drug with traditional FDA approval in the class, with LEQEMBI rates nearly 50% lower. To reinforce LEQEMBI's unique profile with our customers, Biogen deployed our expanded field force just last month. This team increases our focus and frequency, engaging with high-value sites, and expands our reach to 30% more HCPs. We've been receiving positive feedback since the launch of this team. Biogen's field force is working even more closely with our partner Eisai, and we believe this is deepening our customer insights and we will enable accelerated growth. We're encouraged by two strong quarters of growth and the sustained progress in July, and we look forward to providing more support to the healthcare community and people living with Alzheimer's disease. Now, moving on to the SKYCLARYS update, where we continue our strong launch momentum reaching more Friedreich's Ataxia patients globally. In the second quarter, we delivered $100 million in revenue globally and remain ahead of our internal expectations. Europe launch is ahead of internal forecast and along with rest of world builds on the success in the US. SKYCLARYS is now available in 12 markets outside the US including the EU where we are initiating new patients in the catch-up population. These patients and their HCPs are highly engaged in their care and often awaiting SKYCLARYS approval, as is typical for rare disease launches. In the US, we have moved beyond the catch-up population as SKYCLARYS has been in market for more than a year. The team continues to leverage our strong rare disease capabilities and we are encouraged by the early results of engaging patients and physicians in this next phase. In Q2, roughly one-third of new patient start forms came from new writers tied to our AI program, which analyzes hundreds of thousands of de-identified patient journeys. This includes a meaningful share from community neurologists and PCPs. Globally, our outlook in FA is promising in both the short and long term. We anticipate driving strong growth by making SKYCLARYS available in additional geographies, potential expansion into pediatric populations, and with our years of experience identifying patients, we believe we can help. Turning to ZURZUVAE, we continue to outperform our expectations in the first six months of launch. We saw strong growth in the second quarter with US revenue growing 19% and patient demand nearly doubling versus the first quarter. OB-GYNs continue to lead prescribing and patients are sharing positive early experiences with their physicians and on social media platforms. Based on our recent market research, we believe we've achieved higher than average aided awareness of ZURZUVAE among providers, outperforming [messaging recall] (ph) analogs in the women's health and psychiatry markets. To achieve the next phase of growth and advance our vision to transform the care of postpartum depression, we are working to more deeply understand how to realize the patient opportunity in this market and drive real behavior change. In conclusion, while each launch is unique, we are pleased that we remain on track or ahead of our expectations across all three therapies. We know we have more work to do to help people living with Alzheimer's, Friedrich's Ataxia, and postpartum depression, and we are working with urgency to help these patient communities. I will now pass to Priya.
Priya Singhal: Thank you, Alisha. Over the last year, we have focused heavily on reviewing our existing pipeline with an eye toward improving its risk profile. The focus now is on building the pipeline through a combination of both internal and external opportunities with an eye towards risk diversification and creating value. We also remain focused on investing to win in Alzheimer's disease, where we believe we have a differentiated product in LEQEMBI, as well as an industry-leading R&D pipeline of potential next-generation therapies. Beginning with LEQEMBI. LEQEMBI is the only approved anti-amyloid antibody with, first, a dual mechanism of action targeting both amyloid plaques and highly toxic protofibrils. Second, clinical data across the full early Alzheimer's disease population, including individuals with no and low tau. And third, extensive real-world evidence. Importantly, as Alicia mentioned, Alzheimer's disease is a chronic progressive disease and we believe the dual action of LEQEMBI and the option for continued treatment is a unique advantage for patients looking to maintain or further clinical benefit. To this point, at AAIC earlier this week, Eisai presented three-year data from the Phase 3 CLARITY study and its open-label extension, which shows continued clinical benefit with longer duration LEQEMBI treatment. Shown on the left, this includes data from the early start group or individuals who started LEQEMBI during the 18-month placebo-controlled portion of the study, delayed start group or patients from the placebo arm who switched over to LEQEMBI at the start of the open label extension, as well as a baseline matched natural history cohort from ADNI. The early start group shows that three years of continuous leukemia treatment reduced clinical decline by negative 0.95 on CDR sum of boxes as compared to the natural history cohort, resulting in a clinically meaningful benefit for early AD patients. This represents an expansion of the benefit observed at 18 months. It is very important to keep in mind that a change from 0.5 to 1 on the CDR score domains of memory, community affairs, home and hobbies is the difference between slight impairment and loss of independence. We believe these results are significant as the majority of individuals, approximately 70%, had already successfully cleared plaque by the 18-month time point. Furthermore, data from the lecanemab Phase 2 study, shown on the right, which included a treatment gap of approximately two years on average, shows that Alzheimer's disease continues to progress when treatment is stopped or interrupted even after plaques are removed. Also at AAIC, Eisai presented data which showed that 51% of patients in the Clarity AD study with either no or low tau representing an early stage of Alzheimer's showed improvement from baseline in cognition and function over a three-year period as assessed by CDR sum of boxes. Taken together, these data suggest that earlier initiation of treatment with lecanemab may have a significant positive impact on disease progression and may provide continued benefits to patients with early Alzheimer's disease over the long term. We continue to focus our efforts on LEQEMBI with a goal of characterizing dosing for its long-term benefit, providing optionality with subcutaneous formulation, as well as evaluating its role in preclinical AD population, as Chris mentioned. Lastly, while we were disappointed to learn that lecanemab received a negative opinion from the CHMP, we believe that the clinical data supports a clear favorable benefit risk profile with a meaningful clinical benefit to patients. Furthermore, thousands of patients have now been treated with lecanemab globally, providing further real-world evidence on the efficacy and manageable safety profile. We are continuing to work with Eisai as they plan to request a re-examination of the EU filing as we work to enable access for people suffering from Alzheimer's globally. We continue to also invest in our broader Alzheimer's pipeline, including our investigational anti-tau ASO BIIB080. Based on the encouraging data from the Phase 1b study, we have now implemented a protocol amendment for the ongoing Phase 2 CELIA study with the aim of accelerating a potential proof-of-concept outcome. We are excited that this amendment, combined with the robust enrollment trends observed to date, may enable a readout in 2026. Beyond amyloid and tau and under Jane's guidance in research, we are advancing a preclinical AD pipeline that encompasses diverse targets and modalities, including active transport approaches. As communicated today in our earnings release, we decided to exit the ATV:A collaboration with Denali. We continue to see merit in modalities that can actively transport therapeutic agents into the brain. And we continue to prioritize these efforts as we work to build upon our existing leadership in AD. Looking back over the last few months, while we discontinued three mid-stage programs based on readouts, we continued to make progress across several other areas of our pipeline. The first patient has received a dose of SKYCLARYS in Biogen's Phase 1 dose finding study for pediatric Friedreich's Ataxia. This is the first step in potentially expanding SKYCLARYS access to the pediatric population. And once a dose is identified, we plan to conduct a Phase 3 study to assess the benefit/risk in pediatric patients. We also expect the DEVOTE study evaluating high dose SPINRAZA to readout in this second half of the year. We have also made meaningful progress in immunology where the first patient was dosed in the litifilimab Phase 3 portion of the operationally seamless Phase 2/3 Amethyst study in CLE following the completion of the Phase 2 enrollment. As Chris mentioned, we continue to view immunology as a significant potential driver of Biogen's future growth and the recent acquisition of HI-Bio is an example of this importance. With that, I would like to hand over the call to Travis, who will dive a bit deeper into felzartamab.
Travis Murdoch: Thank you, Priya. I'm very excited to be here speaking today as part of the Biogen team. I believe we have a unique opportunity to combine HI-Bio's expertise in immune mediated indications with Biogen's global development and commercial experience in specialized immunology and rare diseases. I believe this synergy will have significant benefit as we work to accelerate our lead asset, felzartamab, or felza, into late stage development. As an anti-CD38 antibody, we believe felzartamab has a differentiated molecular design that specifically targets and depletes plasma cells responsible for producing pathogenic antibodies, while sparing the broader B-cell lineage. This is different from other programs currently in development for antibody-mediated diseases that more broadly impact B cells. Compared to other mechanisms, we believe the specificity of felza's MOA may allow for a differentiated and more desirable clinical profile characterized by more durable efficacy and improved safety profile. As Chris mentioned, one of Biogen's goals is to optimize the risk/reward of the pipeline and I believe the acquisition of felza significantly advances that effort. Through its cell depletion approach, felza has already demonstrated clinical proof of concept across multiple rare immunology indications. Antibody mediated rejection, AMR, IgA nephropathy, IgAN, and primary membranous nephropathy, or PMN, are serious conditions that lead to severe consequences for patients such as transplant failure or end stage kidney disease and available treatment options leave significant unmet need. And so, we see significant potential commercial opportunity here. Now I'd like to briefly review the felza data generated to date across these indications to highlight the potential value we see for patients. AMR is the leading cause of kidney transplant loss in the US, with no approved treatments and prior investigational agents have not demonstrated significant resolution of AMR on biopsy. The consequences here can be dire, ending with graft failure, dialysis, and a need for retransplantation in many cases. In the Phase 2 study, which we published in The New England Journal of Medicine, nine doses of felza IV administered over a five-month period resulted in greater than 80% AMR resolution at week 24 versus 20% for the placebo group. Furthermore, two-thirds of responders maintained AMR resolution out to 52 weeks. So we believe these results, if replicated in a registrational study, are potentially transformative for this disease. Next, I'd like to discuss IgA nephropathy, or IgAN, which is the most prevalent chronic glomerular disease worldwide and another indication where we believe felza has the potential to deliver a treatment option for patients with important differentiation. Felza directly depletes CD38 positive plasma cells, the producers of both galactose-deficient-IgA1 and its autoantibody, which are believed to be the most upstream causes of IgAN. As shown here on the slide, felza treatment resulted in durable reductions in IgA up to 24 months, which is more than 18 months after the last dose. Importantly, this pharmacodynamic effect was selective for IgA, with IgG and IgM levels rebounding to baseline after the completion of the five-month felza treatment. These results, paired with the emerging clinical efficacy data, suggest that felza could have a durable selective effect on IgA and thus impact IgAN disease biology, while potentially allowing for the maintenance of general protective immunity conferred by IgG and IgM antibodies over a prolonged period on therapy. Similar to the effects we saw in IgA, interim results from the Phase 2 IGNAZ study showed a durable reduction in proteinuria as measured by UPCR. Specifically, we saw there was a dose dependent reduction in UPCR, durable out to the 24 month time point. Now in terms of potential differentiation, it's important to note that this improvement is after more than 18 months of being off therapy, supporting the potential for felza to be the first non-chronic treatment option in IgAN. Furthermore, in line with the selective targeting of plasma cells, administration of felza was generally well tolerated with the safety profile consistent with prior studies. We believe these interim results potentially provide for a wide therapeutic window and may ultimately lower the risk of chronic immunosuppression, which could be a significant benefit for IgAN patients. Moving to PMN. So this is a severe antibody mediated disease in the kidney that's a leading cause of nephrotic syndrome, which is a severe syndrome resulting from excretion of too much protein in the urine and which causes symptoms such as swelling and fatigue and increased risk of infection. Current standard of care, which includes immunosuppressive and chemotherapeutic agents, has proven insufficient as up to 40% of patients do not achieve remission and many progress to end stage kidney disease. It's estimated that up to 80% of patients with PMN have auto antibodies against PLA2R, which is a kidney antigen and which provides us with a key biomarker both for patient stratification as well as treatment response. In the Phase 2 M-PLACE study, which evaluated felza in both newly diagnosed and relapsed patients as well as patients refractory to immunosuppressive therapy, a 24-week felza treatment resulted in rapid, deep and durable reduction in anti-PLA2R antibodies in both patient cohorts at the one-year time point. Many patients retained immunologic complete response more than six months after the last dose of felza, which highlights the durability of felza's treatment effect. Importantly, the effect on anti-PLA2R was mirrored when examining reductions in proteinuria. And in line with prior studies of felza, TEAEs were generally mild or moderate in severity. Based on these results, we believe that felza has the potential to provide a meaningful new treatment for patients suffering with PMN. In summary, we believe the data generated to date highlight the potential for felza to be a best-in-class treatment option across multiple serious immunologic diseases with significant unmet need. Phase 2 data across AMR, IgAN, and PMN have provided proof-of-concept and highlighted a potentially differentiated clinical profile on the basis of efficacy, treatment durability and safety. I'm looking forward now to combining the strengths of the joint HI-Bio and Biogen team as we work to incorporate these learnings and further refine our Phase 3 plans. Now we expect to initiate Phase 3 studies across AMR, IgAN, and PMN next year, beginning with AMR in the first half of the year. I'd now like to pass the call over to Mike for a financial update.
Mike McDonnell: Thank you, Travis, and good morning, good afternoon to everyone. I'd like to start by acknowledging the entire Biogen team for a strong second quarter. I'm pleased to provide some color on the results and please note that all the comparisons that I will make are versus the second quarter of 2023. Total revenue of $2.5 billion was up marginally versus the prior year at actual currency and grew 1% at constant currency. But importantly, we grew our core pharmaceutical revenue 5% at actual currency and 6% at constant currency. This was driven by the performance of our four recent launches, which more than offset the revenue decline in our MS business. Non-GAAP diluted EPS grew 31% to $5.28 and included a one-time benefit of $0.52 from the sale of one of our two priority review vouchers. Absent the PRV sale, non-GAAP EPS would have grown 18% to $4.76. We also reported a 43% improvement in non-GAAP operating income, which was a 30% improvement excluding the PRV sale. We continue to benefit from our R&D prioritization and fit for growth initiatives, where I'll provide more detail in a moment. We are pleased to be raising our full year 2024 guidance range. And in just a few moments, I will also provide some additional details on our guidance. Now a bit more color on our revenue for the second quarter. Our MS franchise revenue declined approximately 5% in the quarter, and there are a few dynamics in this business that are worth highlighting. First, we continue to see erosion of our interferon business as the entire class is seeing a shift to higher efficacy or oral therapies. Regarding TECFIDERA in the EU, we have now seen most generics exit the market, which helped drive ex-US growth of 11% at actual currency and 12% at constant currency to $208 million this quarter. We continue to believe that we are entitled to market protection in the EU until February of 2025. VUMERITY had its best quarter since launch as global revenue grew 13% at actual and constant currency to $166 million. VUMERITY remains the number one branded oral in terms of share in the United States. US TYSABRI revenue of $249 million declined 4% and benefited from the timing of shipments in the quarter, which was offset by declines due to competition within the high efficacy class. Next, our rare disease franchise produced revenue of $534 million and that represented growth of 22% at actual currency and 25% at constant currency. SKYCLARYS global revenue was $100 million. Global SPINRAZA revenue of $429 million declined 2% at actual currency and was flat at constant currency. US revenue was up 1% to $157 million, and we remain encouraged by the resilience here. And on LEQEMBI, we saw significant sequential growth with second quarter global in-market sales booked by Eisai of approximately $40 million, which included $30 million of US in-market sales. I'll turn now to a few comments on expenses. We continue to see lower non-GAAP cost of sales as a percentage of revenue, which was driven by a more favorable product mix, notably growth in SKYCLARYS replacing lower margin contract manufacturing revenue. We also had no idle capacity charges during the quarter versus $34 million in the second quarter of 2023. As mentioned previously, our R&D prioritization and fit for growth programs have begun to significantly improve our profitability. Second quarter non-GAAP R&D expense decreased from the second quarter of 2023 by $120 million or 21% as we continue to focus our spend on programs with the highest probability of success. Non-GAAP SG&A expense increased 1% in the second quarter. We have significantly reduced selling costs for legacy products and also significantly reduced our general and administrative cost base, which has allowed us to absorb most of the approximately $100 million of Q2 2024 incremental launch costs for LEQEMBI and SKYCLARYS. Now, a brief update on our balance sheet. We ended the second quarter with $1.9 billion of cash and marketable securities. As a reminder, we utilized $1.15 billion of this balance in July when we closed the HI-Bio acquisition. We ended the quarter with approximately $4.4 billion of net debt. During the quarter, we fully repaid the remaining balance of the $1 billion term loan that we put in place at the time of the Reata acquisition. And we continue to generate strong cash flow in the second quarter with approximately $592 million of free cash flow, which brings us to approximately $1.1 billion of free cash flow in the first half of 2024. We continue to believe that our balance sheet has the capacity for us to invest in both internal and external growth opportunities. Turning now to guidance. We're pleased that the operating performance of the business year-to-date supports raising our full year 2024 non-GAAP diluted EPS guidance from a previous range of $15 to $16 to a new range of between $15.75 to $16.25. This new range reflects expected growth of approximately 9% at the midpoint of the range compared to the full year of 2023. I would like to highlight several important things to remember for the second half of 2024 as you update your models. In terms of revenue, with our key products all performing generally in line or slightly ahead of expectations, there is a slight increase to the previous expectations for the year. We now expect full year total revenue to decline by a low-single-digit percentage when compared to 2023. We also expect core pharmaceutical revenue to be roughly flat year-over-year as recent launches are expected to progress and provide an offset to some key potential dynamics in the second half of the year. These include expected continued pressure on our MS franchise, which incorporates the potential for a biosimilar entrant in the US for TYSABRI, and we continue to monitor the timing of shipments for SPINRAZA in certain ex-US markets. Next, the sale of one of our two priority review vouchers is a non-recurring item. And since we expect to reinvest the proceeds of this sale and growth initiatives later this year, we do not expect this benefit to impact our full year EPS. Also, some key points to consider regarding our operating expenses. In the second half of the year, we expect to continue to ramp launch spending on our new product launches. This will include the 30% increase in the LEQEMBI field force, which is coming online as well as additional spend for some targeted direct-to-consumer campaigns. In addition, we expect incremental OpEx, primarily on the R&D line, of approximately $50 million in the back half of the year related to HI-Bio as we execute plans on three potential Phase 3 starts. We continue to expect full year 2024 combined non-GAAP R&D and SG&A expense of approximately $4.3 billion. We reported approximately $2 billion of spend in the first half of the year, implying higher spend in the second half of the year due to the reasons I just mentioned, along with some typical phasing of expenses throughout the year. I would also note that we now expect 2024 operating income to grow at a mid to high teen percentage versus the previous guide of a low double-digit percent growth. This improvement factors in higher expenses in the second half of the year versus the first half of the year, partially offset by higher revenue due to our new product launches. I would remind you that we expect a reduction in interest income of approximately $20 million for the remainder of 2024, and this is due to lower cash balances and associated lower interest income resulting from the HI-Bio acquisition. As always, our guidance does not consider the impact from any potential acquisitions or large business development transactions or pending and future litigations as these are often difficult to predict. I would refer to you to our press release for other important guidance assumptions. And just before we open it up for Q&A, I wanted to provide a brief update regarding the strategic review of our biosimilars business. After a comprehensive review of potential externalization options compared to retaining the business, we believe that the best value for shareholders going forward is to retain the business within our portfolio and to optimize the business with an aim to maximize profitability. And with that, we will open up the call for questions.
Chuck Triano: Thanks, Mike. Operator, can we please poll for questions?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Salveen Richter with Goldman Sachs.
Salveen Richter: Good morning. Congratulations on the quarter. At a high level, there's been significant focus on 2024 as a turning point for the company, both product wise for the launches and operationally, given the cost savings programs and pipeline prioritization. Just given the raised guidance here of 9% year-over-year EPS growth for this year, can you just speak to your confidence around 2023 being the trough year for earnings and what needs to play out from here for clean growth through the end of the decade? Thank you.
Chris Viehbacher: Yeah, thank you for the question, Salveen. And our mission at Biogen remains to bring ourselves to sustainable growth on both the top line and the bottom line. Obviously, our original guidance, which implied growth of 5% on the bottom line at the midpoint and now 9% at the midpoint, shows that we've now turned the corner on the bottom line and we're very focused on our cost savings program, which importantly not only improve our operating performance, but also free up capital for growth initiatives. So that's real important. Obviously, we don't guide beyond 2024, but I would say that, when you look at our guidance this year, we're pleased with the fact that we've been able to get our top line somewhat much more stabilized and we've got the bottom line growing again as we look to next year. We're pleased with the progress of the launches. Our ability to restore the top line is going to be somewhat dependent on how those launches continue to perform along with how the MS franchise continues to sustain and be durable. And what I can say is that we're very focused on bringing the company back to growth. And we're certainly hopeful that 2023 was the trough year. And obviously, we're doing a nice job growing the bottom line in 2024 and we'll have more to say about the out-years as we move to the latter part of this year and into early next.
Chuck Triano: Thanks, Mike. Can we take our next question, please, operator?
Operator: Yes. The next question will come from Mohit Bansal with Wells Fargo.
Unidentified Analyst: Hi, this is [indiscernible] on for Mohit. Thanks for taking our questions. I had a question on the EMA decision on LEQEMBI. Do you plan to submit additional evidence on efficacy or safety from trials or from real world evidence to reverse this position? And what's your confidence that the decision can be reversed? And what should we think about for timeline for the EMA to reconsider and would a SAG need to be convened for this process? Thanks.
Priya Singhal: Thank you. This is Priya Singal. We are very disappointed, along with Eisai, at the outcome of the negative opinion for LEQEMBI. We continue to believe that the benefit/risk is positive and favorable. As you know, it's been approved in major regions of the world like the United States, China, Japan, and recently, we've also communicated approvals in Hong Kong, Israel as well as South Korea. So, yes, we have communicated publicly and I can reaffirm that we will be applying for a reexamination process. The way the reexamination process works is that you can continue to work with a newly appointed rapporteur and co-rapporteur for the process. So, right now, we would wait to receive the assessment report from the CHMP, the new rapporteur and co-rapporteur would be appointed and then we would work with them to understand what are the issues that are driving the decision. And currently, based on the opinion that was rendered, we believe these are addressable with the data that we've generated. Specifically, we have generated long-term data as we shared at AAIC and we would look to be engaging with the EMA and CHMP to see how we can submit additional data and the extensive real-world data that we have in the real world because thousands of patients now have been treated. So we have long-term continued benefit as we showed in the three month -- three year data at AAIC and also long-term safety. So we're continuing to work very closely with Eisai on the reexamination process and strategy. It is possible that a new SAG-N would be appointed and this process would generally move faster than the original application.
Chuck Triano: All right. Thanks for the details, Priya. Next question, please.
Operator: Yes, that will be from Kevin Seigerman with BMO Capital Markets.
Evan Seigerman: Hi there. It's Evan Seigerman. Question for Priya. Can you walk me through some of the rationale on opting out of the Angelman Syndrome Program with Ionis? How has your approach to evaluating partnerships evolved recently and what aspects of a program do you now more closely scrutinize when you're thinking about what to do with a partner?
Priya Singhal: I think just stepping back, I want to point us to comments we've made externally before as well that we have really -- we really looked at our readouts as important inflection points which allow us to double down, accelerate in those programs if the data are objectively clear and compelling. And then the other option would be that we can pivot and pivot to other programs that we may be considering. So overall, our process is that we develop up a priority go/no-go criteria. And based on that, we decide what the probability technical and regulatory success is in a particular program. And that is exactly the approach that we applied with the Angelman Syndrome, the BIIB121 data. That is going to be continuing to be the way that we look at all our readouts and we try to be very disciplined. I think things that we find very compelling are biomarkers, established regulatory pathways, clinical tractability as well as our confidence in regulatory endpoints or on our interact -- based on interactions with regulators. So we look at all of these and that's how we think about investment in Phase 3.
Chris Viehbacher: If I could just add, I think, in addition to what Priya said, we're also looking at the ability to launch products globally. And so, we also are interested in the level of evidence and regulatory endpoints as they may be acceptable to payers and regulators around the world and not just in the US.
Chuck Triano: Great. Thank you both. Next question, please, operator.
Operator: Yes, sir. That next question will come from Michael DiFiore with Evercore ISI.
Michael DiFiore: Hi, guys. Thanks so much for taking my question, and congrats on the quarter. So I was wondering if there's any updates on the subcu induction dose optimization work you're doing and whether this could lead to a more optimal risk/benefit ratio that the EMA is looking for?
Priya Singhal: Yes. So, overall, as Eisai and Biogen have communicated, we continue to -- we've already filed for the IV maintenance and we have a fast track and a rolling submission in place for the subcutaneous maintenance dosing. With the initiation of subcutaneous dosing, we are looking at optimizing the dose. We're continuing to work with FDA on this effort. And currently, we are on track, as we've communicated, to have an outcome on this from the FDA in the US by Q1, calendar year Q1 2026. Now with regards to your specific question about how this could impact the application in Europe, I just want to be really clear that the application in Europe that's currently -- we're going to pursue re-examination is dependent on the original application, which is really for intravenous LEQEMBI. We would hope that we can get that -- a favorable outcome at the end of the reexamination process. And if so, we would continue down the path of again providing options to patients as well as in Europe with subcutaneous formulation.
Chuck Triano: Thank you, Priya. Next question, please.
Operator: Yes, that will be from Chris Raymond with Piper Sandler.
Nicole Gabreski: Thanks. This is Nicole Gabreski on for Chris. Maybe just one on LEQEMBI. So some of our survey work we've done recently with neurologists and Alzheimer's specialists has kind of indicated maybe a less favorable view of the risk/benefit and cost/benefit ratios for LEQEMBI in recent quarters. And I guess we're starting to see some feedback from docs also questioning the amyloid hypothesis as a whole. I guess maybe just given this, could you speak to the interactions and/or feedback that reps are having in the field? I guess, are you starting to maybe experience any pushback as you move from HPPs who are sort of ready and waiting to prescribe LEQEMBI soon after approval to those who are in the next wave of uptake?
Alisha Alaimo: Thank you for the question. This is Alisha. Whenever we look at market research, I think it's important to understand who you're asking in the market research. And so, when we look at what's happening in the field, at least on the ground, when you're asking the physicians, if you were to parse out market research and ask the physicians who are currently obviously prescribing, and the ones who aren't, the ones who are prescribing are the ones that we've been working really hard on over this past year. They're the ones that understand the data, they've been visited by MSLs, they've been visited by representatives and then it takes them time to obviously get up and running with their facility. You also then see across the board that other physicians see this happening and some in, like, a nearer location will also start obviously picking up the product. And so, on the ground and with our representatives, they go from office to office. We're obviously expanding now as well with the additional field force. And what we've seen is the ones that you call on are the ones that actually start writing. And there's a lot of dynamics at play here. I think that understanding this data is important. I think understanding all the mechanics in order to get a patient diagnosed is important and having them set up their capacity is important. And so, we don't really hear any pushback about cost/benefit. I can say that. And I think more importantly, what we're hearing now is because we are a year out, we're starting to really get the real world experience feedback from physicians on the impact this is having on patients and the caregivers and the families. And I think that alone has really also accelerated some of these physicians to try and treat patients even more quickly. And so, for now, we're not really hearing that pushback.
Chris Viehbacher: And if I could just add to that, after decades of this, I tend to pay more attention to what physicians do versus what they say. And this is a very heavy lift for physicians to introduce this treatment into their practices and institutions. And when you look at the number of -- the increase of 50% of physicians writing this and the depth of ordering from the IDNs, we're seeing a lot of physicians investing huge amounts of time and energy to actually get through all of the processes, schedule the PET scans or the lumbar punctures, the MRIs. And to me, you don't do that if you don't have a strong conviction in the importance of this treatment to patients. So, personally, as I look at this, I'm extremely encouraged by where we are. I think now, for the first time since the launch, we can look forward to the growth of this market, not just because of the prescriptions, but I look at the evidence base that we are building with our partners at Eisai on LEQEMBI. It's very clear now from the three year data that it probably is not going to be enough to just remove the plaque. We'll need to continue to treat patients. And again, as I was saying earlier, with the AHEAD study, we hope to show that there is a benefit to treating earlier. So this market is going to grow and the evidence base is going to grow. It is market building that we're doing and that certainly takes time and patience. But as I say -- I've said in the past that it's difficult to predict where we're going to go. With this quarter, I think we're seeing we're on a very solid track. And I think the entry of Lilly will only accelerate the development of this marketplace.
Chuck Triano: Thank you. Let's take our next question, please.
Operator: Yes, our next question will come from Brian Abrahams with RBC Capital Markets.
Unidentified Analyst: Hi, everyone. This is Nevin on for Brian here. Congrats on a good quarter and thank you in advance for taking our questions. I just wanted to ask a little bit more about the SKYCLARYS dynamics that we're seeing, specifically what you're seeing on patient persistence or potential discontinuation rates there. Some of the educational efforts that you're taking to kind of convince the patients to remain on therapy even if they're not seeing the efficacy of the therapy right away. And maybe if you could speak a little bit more to some of the perceptions that patients and doctors may have on the cardiac safety and benefits there as well. Thanks.
Alisha Alaimo: All right. Thank you for the question. This is Alisha. First, we are very pleased with what we're seeing right now, especially globally and in the US with SKYCLARYS. And as I've mentioned before, we're past the catch-up population and we're now really into the patient identification phase. We look at every metric from discon, compliance, adherence, start times. And when it comes to discons, we do not see anything outside of what you see in the clinical trials. And so, the discontinuation rate is not anything more than obviously what we also saw in trials. I think when it comes to efficacy of the patients, physicians have been really good on setting expectations with patients on what to expect from SKYCLARYS. The field teams do a really good job of also educating both physicians and educational materials with patients on what to expect when you start this product. And so, you do see that patients tend to stay on product and physicians are very good also about saying to patients, at least stay on it for a year and let's talk about how you're feeling and where we're going and what we're seeing as adherence has been actually very good. I think the other dynamic that's playing out that you could be referring to is because we're now in the patient identification phase, you are going to see a little bit of difference from week-to-week and month-to-month. And we are adding patients every single week. We're also adding them every single month. And we acquire new data on a regular basis. And what we're seeing, at least recently, and I was sharing this with Chris the other day, we have this new AI engine that we've been deploying and we have identified significant number of additional coded FA patients that we didn't even have at the beginning of launch because we're starting to see that patients are engaging even more with their physicians. And so, now we're able to reach them with more efficiency and with more certainty across the board. And I think it's been very promising as we find new patients to come on.
Chuck Triano: All right. Thanks, Alicia. Next question, please.
Operator: Yes, that will be from Paul Matteis with Stifel.
Paul Matteis: Great. Thanks so much for taking my question. I think over the past year, Biogen's commentary on business development capacity has evolved a couple of times. And more recently, I think you said around $10 billion, maybe minus the HI-iBio deal. I guess just kind of going forward in 2024 or the near to mid-term, what's Biogen's appetite for bigger transactions or Reata-like transaction and what's the updated thinking on specific therapeutic areas or types of assets of interest? Thank you.
Chris Viehbacher: Yeah, I'll take that one. I think first in terms of where we're looking, I think we're already long neuroscience. So we're probably looking outside of that space, immunology, rare diseases. As I look at Biogen, I would say we have an extremely high scientific and medical capability within the company. We have been historically a company that is in the low volume, high value area. We really understand the necessity to assist patients and physicians for some expensive products to get through a reimbursement, provide and sponsor genetic testing, for example, thinking about studies and real-world evidence becomes extremely important in this. So I think there's a capability of Biogen in rare diseases. Immunology is really an area we've been in since we started with multiple sclerosis. So I think we have the capabilities to go into those areas. I think where we are now is we're on a growth pattern. If we could find another Reata type acquisition, I think we would look for that. But those come along pretty rarely. It's rare that you can find a company that is that close to the market. In fact, it already launched by the time we actually had acquired that. But acquire that for price that still creates shareholder value. And we will continue to look, but they don't come along every day. And we're not in a position where I think we are desperate to do a deal. So we -- I think if you look at what we've done with HI-Bio, for example, as an alternative to that, being able to launch more products in the sort of 2027 to 2030 timeframe is a priority for us. And that's why we're really also focused on the mid to late stage development process. But we can be picky. I think also where we look is not necessarily where everybody else is looking. You really don't create value if you enter into these auction processes. And so, I think by being able to stick to those areas where we think this is -- this is a really -- this is a space where Biogen can really be a strong player, we'll avoid overpaying. I think the other thing I would say is, Biogen is a nice size. $1 billion moves the needle hugely in our company. There are a lot of bigger companies where $1 billion doesn't move the needle. And so, I think we can look at assets where we have the capital that might be too small for some of the bigger players, but be too expensive for some smaller players. So I think in some ways, we're in a position where we can look for assets and not necessarily be in such competitive places where, again, you risk overpaying. But we're looking. We take a systematic view. We're not going to take any sudden left turns strategically just because I'm not sure that that's really where the sweet spot is for Biogen. But I do think there's a number of opportunities out there. We also are doing a lot more in research on collaborations. And I think one of the things I'd like to see us do is really bring a lot more assets in from an early stage because the earlier you can acquire these assets, the more shareholder value you can create.
Chuck Triano: Thanks, Chris. Next question, please.
Operator: Yes, that will be from Michael Yee with Jefferies.
Michael Yee: Hey, guys. Thank you. Earlier in the call, you commented about an emerging lupus portfolio and I know that you do have some upcoming lupus data. We've looked at the prior data. There are reasons to believe that longer treatment and a bigger study could help here. Can you just speak to your expectations? What are you looking for, what needs to happen to move forward, et cetera, et cetera? Thank you.
Priya Singhal: Yes, thank you. This is Priya Singhal. So, overall, we are excited about the readout for dapi. It is upcoming in the next several weeks. This is a partnered program with UCB and the collaboration is in very good -- in a very good place. We are expecting a headline or top line results of the first global Phase 3 trial. And specifically, I want to be clear that this study is investigating, in this very high unmet disease area, the safety and efficacy of dapi as an add-on to standard SLE therapy versus placebo as an add on to standard SLE therapy. We are conducting the study in patients who have persistent active or frequent flaring despite stable standard of care. And very similar to the Phase 1 and Phase 2, we will be looking at efficacy assessed by BILAG based Composite Lupus Assessment, or BICLA, but different than the Phase 2 study, it will take place over the 48 weeks to demonstrate the long-term effect. We also increased the sample size to provide a substantial dataset on safety and efficacy. Eventually and ultimately, we'll be looking for a meaningful change on the primary endpoint and key secondaries such as severe flare prevention, patients achieving low dose activity. And we really think that BICLA is a sensitive clinically meaningful composite for SLE disease activity that requires disease improvement across all body symptoms with moderate or severe baseline activity without the need for escalation in steroids or other background medications as well as without worsening. So we're looking forward to this. In addition to an acceptable safety and tolerability profile, we think this could be really meaningful for patients suffering from SLE. So if the results warrant continuing development, at this point, we expect to have the need to run another Phase 3, but we are planning some of this at-risk right now.
Chuck Triano: Thanks, Priya. Next question, please.
Operator: Yes, we'll now move to Eric Schmidt with Cantor Fitzgerald.
Eric Schmidt: Thanks for taking my question. Maybe for Chris, this call today seems to be like a relative high watermark in your tenure as CEO, given some of the initiatives that are now well in place and all that you've accomplished. And you certainly called that out in your prepared remarks. You also called out that you've got some challenges and you're not done. So what in particular is top-of-mind there? Thank you.
Chris Viehbacher: Well, thanks for the question. I would hope it's not the high watermark because we're aiming much higher here, I can tell you. I think, clearly, we've got still an MS franchise that is -- we're not done yet in terms of seeing the competitive threats. There's potentially a biosimilar for TYSABRI, we have an important patent litigation that we'll see in the fall for TECFIDERA in Europe and there is the market exclusivity that expires in February. So shorter term, there's always some chop in the water. But I think where we have an opportunity is, we have an amazing talent base inside of Biogen. As you all know, I've been in this business a long time, seen a lot of companies, I continue just to be impressed by the scientific and medical capability that we have in the company and we've got capital. And so, I think we can do smart things with that capital. We've been busy transforming essentially passive capital into active capital. We had two priority review vouchers sitting on the shelf. The innovative nature of Biogen's products is such that we don't really need those vouchers because of the innovative products we bring to market anyway. So we had this one priority review voucher sitting on the shelf for six years that we've now converted hopefully into an active asset. We sold it, but the objective is to spend that on milestones in business development in the second half. If I look at HI-Bio, we took a year-and-a-half of fit for growth savings out of operating expense and transformed that into a growth opportunity with the acquisition of HI-Bio. So where I see us is, I think we're -- we've been able to change the trajectory of the company. We've been able to release resources from the business and reinvest them intelligently and we've got great people that I think can do that with tremendous results. So, I think as we look towards the future, it's really building out now the R&D portfolio, both internally and externally. I'd like to make sure we are still an innovation company going forward that we're not just acquiring our future, but really investing in that. So I think I'm now focused on the 2025 to 2030 timeframe. I think we're in good shape to grow through that period, but I think we can do more to really take advantage of the capability in R&D. And I think you'll see us continue to deploy capital with a lot of discipline but I think be able to turn passive capital into active capital and then into active growth.
Chuck Triano: All right. Thank you, Chris. And thank you, everybody, for joining us today. IR team will remain available for any additional questions. Thank you.
Operator: And once again, that does conclude today's conference. We thank you all for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2024 Q1  (2024-06-05 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning. My name is Jennifer, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I'd like to welcome everyone to the Biogen First Quarter 2024 Earnings Call and Business Update. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Today's conference is being recorded. Thank you. I would now like to turn the conference over to Mr. Chuck Triano, Head of Investor Relations. Mr. Triano, you may begin your conference.
Chuck Triano: Thanks, Jennifer. Good morning, good afternoon, good evening, everyone, and welcome to Biogen's first quarter 2024 earnings call. Before we begin, I'll remind you that the earnings release and related financial tables, including our GAAP financial measures with a reconciliation to the GAAP and non-GAAP financial measures that we will discuss today are in the Investors section of biogen.com. Our GAAP financials are provided in Tables 1 and 2 and Table 4 includes a reconciliation of our GAAP to non-GAAP financial results. We believe that non-GAAP financial results better represent the ongoing economics of our business and reflect how we manage the business internally. We have also posted the slides on our website that will be used during this call. I'd point out that we will be making forward-looking statements, which are based on our expectations. These statements are subject to certain risks and uncertainties, and our actual results may differ materially. I encourage you to consult the risk factors discussed in our SEC filings for additional detail. On today's call, I'm joined by our President and Chief Executive Officer, Chris Viehbacher; our Head and President of North-America, Alisha Alaimo; our CFO, Mike McDonnell; and Dr. Priya Singhal, Head of Development is with us and will be available for the Q&A session. Chris, Alisha, and Mike will each make some opening comments and then we'll move to the Q&A session. And to allow us to get through as many questions as possible, we kindly ask that you limit yourself to one question. With that out of the way, I'll now turn the call over to Chris.
Chris Viehbacher: Thank you, Chuck. Good morning, everybody. Well, it is certainly great to be able to announce earnings per share growth in our first quarter. This is the first time in several years that the underlying business performance of Biogen has allowed us to actually demonstrate earnings per share growth, and that's a major achievement. We've clearly still got a lot of work to do, but I think it feels like we're turning the corner in the company. And with that, I'd like to actually take the opportunity to thank my Biogen colleagues. We have instituted an awful lot of change within the company and I'd like to thank them for their commitment, passion, and patience throughout this process. But I think you're seeing some of that change that has occurred now in the numbers. We have tried to bring a lot more focus and discipline to really putting our resources behind those things that do good and drive value. And one of the things that you may not see is that, there is an awful lot of reinvestment going on. One of my early bosses in my career once told me, you can't save your way to prosperity in this business, and that is absolutely true. And that's not really what we set out to do. The Fit for Growth project, which is, as you can see from the numbers, on track to achieve its $1 billion in gross savings and $800 million in net cost savings and by the way, [$100] (ph) million of increased cash flow as well by the end of 2025. But what we really tried to do was redesign the organization. We have been so focused as a business for decades on our multiple sclerosis franchise, and here we are launching four first-in-class new medicines and we really needed to make sure we're supporting those launches. And in fact, despite the cost reductions and margin improvements that Mike is going to go into in more detail, but behind that, there are hundreds of millions of dollars being invested in new launches. And while our overall expense in research and development has decreased, this focus has actually enabled us to increase the investment in those assets where we have the most conviction. So, this is much more than a cost-savings exercise. This has been a redesign and a change in our culture to a degree. So, let's look at some of these new launches. And obviously, the one that everybody is most interested in is LEQEMBI and if we can move to that slide. You can look at this in a number of different layers. Obviously, first, we're seeing really good quarter-on-quarter trends. As you've seen, the number of patients on drug has increased to 2.5 fold compared to where we finished the fourth-quarter. Our in-market revenue almost tripled in Q1 versus Q4 of last year, and that's obviously important. But the thing that really is important to me as I look at this is not so much just that. I've been in this business for 3.5 decades. I've lost count of how many launches I've seen, but this is an extraordinarily difficult launch, really because the amount of change that physicians are facing with this is really profound. And as I go around to hospitals and talk to doctors and talk to those who are seeing other doctors, it really becomes evident that there are an awful lot of challenges to getting that -- even that first patient on treatment. We were at one hospital, it was going to take -- it took them three months to get approval just to hire a nurse to help navigate the system. At another major medical center, they're having to develop a five-year business plan, just to be able to access the infusion beds. And when you look at some of the uncertainty around PET scan reimbursement, and although CMS had clarified that and a lot of the MACs have pulled it through, there was still a lot of difficulty getting that clarity all the way through the channel. You know why I'm really encouraged by when I look at these numbers is, when -- although there are a lot of challenges, it's a lot of time investment for physicians and I think a lot of those physicians to their credit are investing that time and not necessarily getting reimbursed for that, but they're getting it done. They're overcoming these challenges and barriers. And that is, I think, what is so important. They see the need when they look at patients who are accomplished people, who are loved by their families, and seeing this dreaded disease pull the patient away from that on a day-by-day basis. So, I do think we are seeing an awful lot of momentum here. And again, I think there's an awful lot of credit to the neurologists and to these centers to overcoming these challenges and I think that is going to allow us to continue to see quarter-on-quarter growth. It may not be completely linear, and Alisha will go into more detail on that, but it takes time to get these protocols in-place and even when you get the first patient, there has been a tendency that let's have a handful of patients so we get comfortable with the system. But then, once they've done all that, then, we're starting to see volume pull through. And one of the interesting things about this launch is that, generally, we look at revenue as a surrogate for demand. And here there's -- that linkage is not quite so clear because it has taken this upfront time before you see revenue pull through. And I think that's one of the other things we're now seeing in this first quarter is that, we're actually seeing a little bit more of that linkage between demand and revenue. And behind all of this, once those processes are in place, and once physicians are ready, there is clearly an underlying demand behind that. So, I think that has given us a lot of confidence to now invest more, and we have a 30% expansion in our US field force plan. But I would also say, this is a launch that really didn't start until 1st of September. And even then, you could argue we weren't fully in the mode of being able to launch because the PET scan reimbursement hadn't been cleared. But our US teams for both Eisai and Biogen have done an awful lot of work to look at the data from the first seven months of the launch. And really, we're now looking at redeploying some resources here and there as we see what's important and what's not. I think the teams are really working well together. And we have a number of new elements of our promotional mix that will start to come into play as we progress through the second quarter. So, from a Biogen point of view, I think it's too early to put out any forecast. We're going to be looking at those month-over-month new patient starts and the increase in revenue. But I would certainly say I'm extremely encouraged by the progress that has occurred. And if I could switch gears to another key growth driver, which is SKYCLARYS, and Alisha, again, will go into more detail and I think also just show investors how we're progressing versus other analogs because the rare disease market doesn't behave so typically as in other markets. There is always a catch-up population in rare disease. And so, it takes a while for that catch-up population to work through the system and then have a look at what's the underlying demand. Remember that these are not patients sitting in waiting rooms and that there is a huge amount of work that goes into finding patients. And I think that is actually one of Biogen's strengths. That's I think what gives me the confidence to continue to invest more because I do think there is a know-how within Biogen and that's one of the reasons we want to build out a rare disease franchise. But we've got 1,100 patients now on therapy in the US. That's a really significant number. But I'm also really encouraged by the launch in Europe. We've already got -- and remember, this drug was only approved in the -- at the end of January and yet we already have 300 patients on treatment. Now, you all know Europe. We have to go country-by-country to get reimbursement and we have early access programs, some of those we can charge revenue for, some of them we can't, but we have already submitted reimbursement dossiers in five countries in the US. So I think Europe will increasingly add to the revenue. It's probably more of a 2025 story than a 2024. But I think if I'm looking at the acceptance and the uptake, then, that launch is also off to a successful start. And we know that there are an awful lot of patients in Latin America and we've already submitted in Brazil, for example, submitting in Argentina. And I think that actually is going to be a major benefit and opportunity for us as well. Remember, there are no patients in Asia because this is a genetic disease that really affects people of European descent. And in fact, it was quite interesting. I was talking to a key opinion leader in Germany who is actually done genetic studies. And you basically just follow where the explorers went and that's where you're going to find the patients. So I think with that, let's dive in a little bit deeper and I'll turn it over to Alisha.
Alisha Alaimo: Thank you, Chris. Good morning to everyone that's able to join the call today. I'm Alisha Alaimo. And as Chuck shared, I lead our business in North America. This is a really unique period in Biogen's history with multiple first-in-class drug launches in the US, which gives us an opportunity to drive our return to growth. And for our team, it's also meaningful to support more people living with Alzheimer's, Friedreich's ataxia, and postpartum depression. We thought it might be helpful to provide a perspective on the market dynamics of the launches and share how we're seeking a tailored approach to help provide patients with access to our therapies. Let me begin with the Alzheimer's market. As Chris mentioned, we are seeing many major health systems across the country take a deliberate staged and phased approach, meaning, they are setting up their pathways to get patients started with diagnosis, treatment and monitoring. We believe we are now seeing a dynamic where some IDNs are turning the page and they are focusing on expanding and extending their model. In Q1, we saw several IDNs across regions scale their patient volume. Among our priority 100 IDNs, units more than tripled in quarter one compared to quarter four, which contributed to the overall estimated patients on therapy increasing approximately 2.5 times in quarter one versus quarter four. We believe this acceleration in new patients really began to emerge at the end of the quarter. For example, more than 20% of new patients since launch were added in March. Today, among our 100 priority IDNs, more than 80% have approved LEQEMBI through their P&T process and nearly 85% of those IDNs with approval have placed an order. Chris also mentioned that we're seeing more physicians gain experience with LEQEMBI. We saw the number of unique prescribers in quarter one double compared to quarter four. We believe that we're still in the early phases of unlocking the potential to treat a high volume of patients at the priority IDNs, and I thought it might be helpful to share some examples of these dynamics at the site level. There is one large health system in the Midwest that added LEQEMBI to its formulary in July of last year. Six months later, entering Q1, this system had ordered only 300 units. However, by the end of March, they had ordered 2,700 units. Similar to the example I just shared, there is also a health system in the Southeast that added LEQEMBI to its formulary in August of 2023. Five months later, entering Q1, this system ordered about 560 units. By the end of Q1, this system ordered more than 1,750 units to treat their patients. For context, a local neurologist network in that same region ordered 3,000 units through the same time period, perhaps because they've been able to scale their processes to treat more patients. However, we believe this well-known Southeast IDN is planning to move beyond their flagship side of care to treat at multiple locations, which is another example of the expand and extend trend at the IDNs. We believe many systems just now appear to be completing the staging phase, and we think the recent trends observed support our continued belief that LEQEMBI represents a significant commercial opportunity over the mid to longer term. With access and infrastructure progressing and patient volume accelerating, we believe this is also the right time to expand the field force. Biogen leaders are working to hire a customer-facing field team, which will join Eisai. Simultaneously, to activate the patient community, Biogen and Eisai have launched new direct-to-patient and caregiver omnichannel marketing campaigns. These digital programs and point-of-care resources are focused on the already diagnosed patients, who we believe are under the care of a neurologist. With these promising signals emerging, we look-forward to providing more updates in the future. Now moving to SKYCLARYS. We believe we're driving strong performance with the launch as we continue to exceed market penetration rates of most rare disease launch analogs. As of April 19, we now have over 1,100 patients on therapy. With an estimated 4,500 addressable Friedreich's ataxia patients in the US, we have achieved 24% market penetration, which exceeds our own strong SPINRAZA launch. As is typical with rare disease launches, we believe we are now moving beyond the catch-up population, to reach additional patients who previously received a diagnosis of, or are suspected to have Friedreich's Ataxia. Though patient numbers may be uneven, we anticipate adding patients each month. Last quarter, we shared how we've integrated some of our sophisticated rare disease capabilities to drive improvements in access, logistics, and patient support. Notably, our market access team continued to make progress by securing favorable policies in quarter one. Today, nearly 80% of all US pharmacy lives now have SKYCLARYS reimbursement. These patient support and access efforts are critical to help patients start therapy as soon as possible, and remain on treatment for the long term. With a meaningful foundation of patients on therapy, we are focusing on two key areas in this next phase of our launch. First, educating community neurologists and PCPs about Friedreich's ataxia and SKYCLARYS, and second, engaging additional appropriate patients. I'll begin with our focus on HCPs. Remember with Friedreich's ataxia, in addition to patients being concentrated at the top centers of excellence, we believe they are also being treated in the community. To support these physicians, we've expanded our field footprint and we are using AI to analyze data to help reach the HCPs who may have untreated patients, with insights into the relevant sites of care and when patients last engaged with their physician, we believe we can help more patients even sooner. And with genetic testing, we anticipate patients can confirm a potential diagnosis and determine if SKYCLARYS is a treatment option. As far as our patient activation focus, we are encouraged by real-world experiences that patients are sharing on social media as, in our experience, these stories can help other diagnosed patients. Many of these stories about the impact of SKYCLARYS include reports of slowing of disease progression and in some cases, even an improvement in their symptoms long term. In addition to these organic stories, we anticipate launching our SKYCLARYS social media campaign soon. So, we believe we're off to a strong start, but we know there are more people living with Friedreich's ataxia that we can help, and we look forward to supporting them, which now brings me to ZURZUVAE. As Chris mentioned, we are encouraged by the performance of the launch to date, and we think we are seeing several positive trends with providers, patient experience, and reimbursement. First, let me begin with providers. Across multiple physician types, we believe many providers are demonstrating an urgency to treat. Notably, OB-GYNs led overall prescribing in quarter one, which we believe is encouraging as they are often the first to see PPD patients. Furthermore, breadth of adoption has continued to grow. In March, nearly double the number of HCPs prescribed ZURZUVAE compared to just January. We've seen that some early prescribers require only a few calls before they treat. Keep in mind that ZURZUVAE is a scheduled product available through a specialty pharmacy. While we believe psychiatrists are generally familiar with working with specialty pharmacy, this could be a new process for many OB-GYNs. We're working to educate these providers on the steps required, so that they can support their appropriate patients. Second, some HCPs have early experience with ZURZUVAE, have shared that some of their patients reported significant improvement in depressive symptoms within days of starting treatment. Several patients are sharing their personal 14-day treatment experiences on platforms like TikTok, and we believe their courage to tell their story will help educate other women living with postpartum depression. Third, we believe we're making good progress with government in commercial access. Many payers already have policies in place, the majority of which have been favorable, while some others continue to cover ZURZUVAE, even without formal policies in place. Two of the three national pharmacy benefit managers are providing coverage for ZURZUVAE without overly burdensome restrictions. We are in active discussions with the third national PBM as we await their decision. And while Medicaid tends to take longer, almost half of the states, including several of the largest, accelerated reviews into quarter one, which we believe is unusual for a process that can typically take-up to a year after FDA approval. We are encouraged that approximately two-thirds of Medicaid lives with published policies appear to have minimal access restrictions. We anticipate the remaining states will review coverage throughout 2024, and we will continue to support their reviews as much as possible. Before handing it over to Mike, I want to underscore that we have an important responsibility to help people living with Alzheimer's, Friedreich's ataxia, and postpartum depression. And we are working with urgency to help these patient communities. We believe we're making significant progress in that mission, and we look forward to continuing to share updates with you. With that, I'd like now to pass it over to Mike.
Mike McDonnell: Thank you, Alisha, and hello to everyone. I'd like to start with a high-level overview of our financial profile, and how we are seeing this progress in the context of our Fit for Growth program. We maintain a sharp focus on improving profitability as we endeavor to return the company to not just EPS growth, but revenue growth as well. Please note that any financial comparisons that I make are versus the first quarter of 2023. Regarding our top line, our four recent launches contributed revenue in the first quarter, which more than offset the 4% decline in our MS business. And as we noted during our previous earnings call and at a recent webcast investor conference, we expect that this year's revenue will be skewed more towards the second half of the year, and we expect this to be due to both the timing of shipments for SPINRAZA outside the US, as well as the expected growth profiles for our recently launched products. On gross margin, we saw improvement of 5 percentage points in the quarter as our revenue mix has shifted. This is due to increasing high-margin product revenue replacing lower-margin contract manufacturing revenue. We also had $45 million of idle capacity charges in the first quarter of 2023, and none in the first quarter of 2024. Our R&D prioritization and Fit for Growth initiatives had a clear impact on our non-GAAP R&D and SG&A expenses, which we refer to as core OpEx during the quarter, and that resulted in a 13% decrease year-over-year. These savings contributed to meaningful growth of our non-GAAP operating income of 24% year-over-year. Our operating margin was 31% in the quarter as compared to 23% in the first quarter of 2023. And while these are encouraging improvements so far, we believe there is still more work that can be done to continue to improve these metrics. Now, a bit more color on revenue dynamics during the first quarter. Total revenue was $2.3 billion, which was a decrease of 7% at actual and constant-currency. Our MS franchise revenue declined approximately 4% driven by competition and the usual channel seasonality that we see in the first quarter. Within MS, VUMERITY revenue grew 18% and benefited from global patient growth as well as some favorable channel dynamics during the first quarter. Regarding TECFIDERA in the EU, we have now seen most generics exit the market, which drove ex-US growth of 5% for TECFIDERA this quarter. We continue to believe we are entitled to market protection in the EU until February of 2025. And now, a quick double-click on our rare disease revenue for the quarter. SKYCLARYS delivered $78 million of revenue, including approximately $5 million in Europe, where we have launches in several countries underway. For SPINRAZA in the US, revenue was up 1% in the quarter, and we remain encouraged by the resilience here. SPINRAZA revenue outside the US declined 35%. The majority of this year-over-year decline was due to shipment timing in certain emerging markets. We continue to generally see stable patient numbers globally, and we would expect the shipping dynamic outside the US to largely normalize throughout the remainder of 2024. We also saw some modest negative impacts from competition and foreign exchange in the quarter. For the full year 2024, we expect global SPINRAZA revenue to decline by a low-single-digit percentage. ZURZUVAE delivered $12 million of revenue, which we believe is inclusive of some channel stocking in anticipation of increasing demand, which is common for any new launch. And lastly, contract manufacturing revenue was notably lower year-over-year, and as we reflected in our guidance for the full year, we continue to expect contribution from this line to be significantly lower than last year, due to completing a number of batch commitments in 2023. First quarter non-GAAP cost of sales was 22% of total revenue, and that's an improvement of 5 percentage points. As I previously mentioned, this improvement was driven by a more favorable product mix, as revenue from new product launches replaced lower margin contract manufacturing revenue, and it also was related to having lower idle capacity charges. We did not have any in the first quarter of 2024. First quarter non-GAAP R&D expense decreased $124 million, which was driven primarily by savings achieved from Fit for Growth, where we remain on track to achieve cost savings of $1 billion gross and [$8 million] (ph) net of investment by the end of 2025. We also saw savings as a result of our R&D portfolio prioritization, which has had a meaningful impact as we discontinued some programs and have focused our spend on areas we believe have a higher probability of success. Non-GAAP SG&A expense decreased approximately $33 million in the first quarter, and this was primarily due to $50 million of G&A-related cost reductions, which were realized in 2024 in connection with our Fit for Growth program, and that was offset by an increase in operational spending on sales and marketing activities in support of the LEQEMBI and SKYCLARYS launches. I will also note that the prior year included $31 million related to the termination of a co-promote agreement for our MS project -- products in Japan. All of this together contributed to non-GAAP operating income growing 24%, with non-GAAP operating margin now above 30% and improving and non-GAAP EPS growth of 8%. Next, a brief update on our balance sheet. We ended the quarter with approximately $6.5 billion of debt, $1.1 billion in cash and marketable securities, and net debt of roughly $5.5 billion. As of March 31, 2024, the $6.5 billion of total debt included $250 million of the $1 billion 2023 term loan, which was put in place at the time of the Reata acquisition. As of March 31, 2024, we had repaid $750 million of this $1 billion facility. The remaining $250 million is expected to be repaid during the second quarter of this year, so this quarter, earlier than our original expectation, which was by the end of this year. I'd note that this cash and marketable securities figure does not include a $437 million payment from Samsung, which we received earlier this month. We continued to generate strong free cash flow during the first quarter with approximately $507 million of free cash flow. So overall, our balance sheet remains in a strong position, with increasing capacity to invest in growth initiatives. And regarding our strategic review of the biosimilars business, at this point, we have not received an acceptable offer from a third-party. Our process remains ongoing and we will remain disciplined as we continue to explore all options including retaining the business. Next, I'd like to discuss our full year 2024 guidance ranges and assumptions. We are reaffirming our expectation of full-year 2024 non-GAAP diluted earnings per share of between $15 and $16, which reflects expected growth of approximately 5% at the midpoint of the range as compared to 2023. All of the previous assumptions to our guidance, including those you see on this slide, remain unchanged. I'd like to remind that we have potential R&D success milestone or opt-in payments associated with the upcoming clinical data readouts, and we have made an allowance for some of these potential payments in our guidance. Of course, whether or not they are paid will be dependent on the data and our resulting decisions. And finally, we just announced the completion of a sale of one of our two priority review vouchers for $103 million. At this point, we expect to earmark these proceeds for business investment, or to support business development opportunities as they arise. And in closing, we remain committed to our number one goal of returning Biogen to sustainable top and bottom-line growth, and creating long-term value for our shareholders. We will now open up the call for questions.
Chuck Triano: Thanks, Mike. Jennifer, can we go to questions?
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Eric Schmidt with Cantor Fitzgerald.
Eric Schmidt: Oh, hi. Thanks so much for all the updates and for taking my question. I guess on LEQEMBI and maybe for Priya, we had a couple of updates in the last month or so, the EMA delay on the CHMP recommendation. And also, I know this is your partner's doing, but Eisai announced that they couldn't submit for the subcu approval until they finished the immunogenicity study. I was hoping you could just update us on timelines for both of those initiatives going forward? Thank you.
Priya Singhal: Yes. Thanks, Eric. So maybe I can just start off by saying that we are working with Eisai to really provide patients with the optionality of a subcutaneous formulation. Our approach is entirely data driven. So we were very encouraged to see the bioequivalence we met last year and we shared that at CTAD. This was the most important milestone. Thereafter, we've engaged with the FDA. And currently, just to characterize how we are approaching this, we've split our strategy for subcutaneous formulation. First and foremost, we are working to submit a rolling submission for subcutaneous autoinjector for maintenance. This we're going to do at earliest. Eisai has already submitted a fast track application. We're awaiting that. And as soon as we get it, we will make the submission, while we continue to generate the data for the three-month immunogenicity that the FDA has required. Second, because our exposure with subcutaneous formulation was higher than the IV formulation, we believe it's in the interest of patients to optimize dose, and that will lead to more convenience. So, we are optimizing this dose and that is something that is already ongoing and is currently ongoing this year. In terms of timelines, if we get the fast track for subcutaneous maintenance, we will file immediately for rolling review, and that we expect would be in this year even if we don't get the fast track because we have completed the three-month immunogenicity data by Q4. Second, for the subcutaneous induction therapy, we expect that we would file by the first quarter of 2026. That is what Eisai has already communicated in their investor comments early March. I'd also like to remind us that we completed our intravenous maintenance filing by Q1 2024 as we [indiscernible]. Thank you.
Chuck Triano: Thank you, operator. Next question, please.
Operator: We'll go next to Paul Matteis with Stifel.
Paul Matteis: Good morning. Thank you for taking my question. I was wondering if we could get your updated perspective on business development as it relates to capacity, therapeutic area, stage of development, or commercial? And just in the context of this, how the kind of uncertain -- promising, but uncertain trajectory of lecanemab influences your appetite to execute on something now versus maybe wait a bit until 2025? Thank you.
Chris Viehbacher: Thanks, Paul. I think this year, we're going to be focused on business development to bring in some new assets, both into early-stage research and development. We have always called ourselves a neuroscience company, but the reality of neuroscience is that, this is a high-risk area. We don't always understand the underlying disease biology, the diseases progress slowly, that leads you to some very long and expensive trials. You can't often do a proof-of-concept study in Phase 2. And so, while we remain committed to neuroscience, my personal view is that I think that is to -- that is not diversified enough for a company of our size. And so, already last year, we signaled that we'd like to go into some adjacencies in rare disease. I think we actually have a tremendous commercial capability in rare disease. There are special commercial requirements, the need sometimes to support diagnosis, all of the hurdles with payers that have to be overcome and of course, finding the patients. And there are an awful lot of tools that I think we have to be able to do that. And then immunology, we've been an immunology company since the get-go since some -- MS is really an autoimmune disease. So, I think we'll use the opportunity with licensing collaborations to expand that. I think where our balance sheet is, if something really extraordinary came along, I suppose we look at it, but I don't think where we sit right now, we'd be thinking about doing anything this year on an acquisition front, not certainly of any size. But Mike, maybe you can talk to the balance sheet capability.
Mike McDonnell: Yes. So, Paul, I would just comment that our balance sheet is in a very good spot. If you look at our net debt position at the end of the first-quarter, and then you pro forma that for the Samsung payment and the paydown that we'll make in the second quarter on the term loan, it's about $5 billion of net debt. We generate about $3 billion of EBITDA. So, it's only about a -- somewhere between 1.5 turns and 2 turns of leverage. So, we certainly could add another turn of leverage for something that we liked, at least temporarily, and we generate a couple of billion dollars of free cash flow per year. So, I think about it in the context of 2024 as maybe a $4 billion to $5 billion of capacity sort of number for things that we might be really interested in. And then, if you were looking at something more Reata-like, that's probably a little more logical, capacity wise in 2025 or beyond.
Chuck Triano: Thanks, Mike and Chris. Can we take the next question, please?
Operator: Yes. We'll go next to Salveen Richter with Goldman Sachs.
Salveen Richter: Good morning. Thanks for taking my question. For SKYCLARYS, could you speak to the 2024 outlook and any bolus dynamics that has impacted this? And specifically, you've talked being 24% US market penetration. How are you thinking about peak penetration in the US and then the expectations for pace of uptake in Europe and net pricing there? Thank you.
Chris Viehbacher: Alisha, you want to take US and I can follow up with Europe?
Alisha Alaimo: Yes. I think when you look at the US and the market penetration, and you probably saw in the analogs on the slide that the launch has gone very well thus far. And as I also said, we've made it through sort of the catch-up population. We have a lot of really good things in-place right now that we are launching in parallel to identify and hopefully get to the rest of the population. The way in which we think about this market though is, we do have two sets of patients. You have a set that are highly engaged with their physicians, and you have another set who haven't been engaged, probably over the last two to five years. We have enough data and analytics to understand exactly where these physicians are, and how the patients have moved through them. And so, with that, we are now identifying a lot of these offices, especially in the community who could have a patient or two that might be diagnosed with general ataxia, but not Friedreich's. And so, what I referred to earlier on the call is expanding the field force footprint. We have a very targeted approach to these offices in order to, again, increase the market penetration. Now, as you see with something like a SPINRAZA, we've also performed very well, and also have driven quite a good market penetration with that product, even though there's competitors in the marketplace. With SKYCLARYS, with no competitor really in the market, we expect to continue over the next several years to penetrate this for as far as we can go. We know that there are 4,500 approximate patients that could have Friedreich's ataxia. And so, what we're doing is planning everything that we can to get to as many of them as quickly as possible.
Chuck Triano: Thanks, Alisha.
Chris Viehbacher: Yes. And on Europe, in some ways the single-payer systems actually are really ideal for rare diseases. A lot of patients in the US, even if you have reimbursement, even if you have insurance coverage, there are an awful lot of hurdles that the US healthcare system imposes upon patients. And a lot of those, we don't really see in Europe. And so, I think we're seeing a rapid uptake. Again, there's -- there is a catch-up on population. So there's -- and there's a difference between patients on treatment and revenue-generating patients. So first, we have -- we have actually the commercial launch in Germany because we can get reimbursement relatively quickly. Other countries will come online as we go through the individual country reimbursement processes, but our objective is actually build up the patients. So there's a number who are on free drug at the moment through these EAPs, some of the EAPs you can charge for. So, it's going to be a little lumpy as we look at the revenue line. But I'd say we're extremely encouraged by the uptake of patients. And then, ex-US in Latin America, that could well be a story for 2025. I think you may see our first launch in Brazil in early part of 2025.
Chuck Triano: Great. Thanks, Chris. Can we move to the next question, please?
Operator: Yes. We'll go next to Umer Raffat with Evercore.
Umer Raffat: Hi, guys. Thanks for taking my question. I have one for Priya, if I may. I know there's the late-stage lupus readout with the CD40 ligand antibody this summer. I also realize the time point on this readout is week 48 instead of week 24. And I guess my question is, knowing that there wasn't a clear dose-response on efficacy in the prior trial, could you speak to how the B cell impact was different between doses and whether the prolonged duration could actually help the B cell impact on this upcoming readout? Thank you.
Priya Singhal: Thanks, Umer. We have looked at the Phase 2 study very carefully, and we have decided and we included the 48-week endpoint on BICLA for this Phase 3 study. And ultimately, we're looking for a meaningful change on the primary endpoint, and the key secondary endpoints for SLE such as severe flare prevention and patients achieving low disease activity. We also think that the BICLA is a sensitive, clinically meaningful composite measure of SLE disease activity, and requires disease improvement across all body systems with moderate or severe baseline activity without worsening and the need for escalation in background medications. So we modified the trial, we are -- we have refined the population, and we think that this is going to be really important as we kind of look forward to the readout. The other piece I think here to keep in mind is that we considered how we can modify the population for this study and get to an answer really quickly to bring potentially dapi to patients. So I hope that answers your question.
Chuck Triano: Thanks, Priya. Let's go to the next question, please.
Operator: We'll go next to Michael Yee with Jefferies.
Michael Yee: Hey, guys. Thanks. I wanted to revisit SKYCLARYS comments. I know you said you were planning to add patients month-to-month. Can you just talk about the trajectory of SKYCLARYS this year as it relates to also any offsets like discontinuation rates, et cetera, et cetera, how does that factor into it? And also, will you book Germany revenues this year? So just talk about the dynamics of revenues for SKYCLARYS. And if I may sneak in one clarification. Priya said subcu induction filing for LEQEMBI Q1 2026. I just wanted to clear that's what she said? Thank you so much.
Priya Singhal: Yes. The outcome and the filing will be in that period, but we'll communicate more on this once we optimize the dose and we go forward.
Michael Yee: Okay. And SKYCLARYS?
Alisha Alaimo: Yes. So for SKYCLARYS, it is quite complicated month-to-month, I will say, because you have patients, obviously, that we're getting via the start forms, which I will say for the highly engaged population we are pretty much maxing that out now. We absolutely know who they are and we've captured them through the physicians. But then, you're also going to have a discontinuation rate as you have noted, and you're going to have patients that are being pulled off the start forms, putting on to product. And then of course, you may have them miss a dose or two, right? So then, there's compliance. So month-to-month, it will be lumpy because you can say you add 50 patients, but then you have other dynamics going on in the patient population. But what our outlook is for the year, which I can't give you a specific number, is that we are going to continue to add every single month. We are able to find those patients in the community, and there are other puts and takes in those numbers. But at the end of the day, we will ensure that we are still leading the rare disease analogs and that we're going to generate market penetration.
Chris Viehbacher: Yes. And in Europe, we're booking revenue now for Germany and actually -- we've actually launched in Austria and the Czech Republic as well. And in some countries, we're actually able to charge for the early access programs in Europe and some of that revenue will come down too, but you probably see more full EU as a region revenue in 2025, but there will be certainly revenue contributions in 2024 from certain countries in Europe.
Chuck Triano: Great. Thanks, Chris. Let's go to the next question, please.
Operator: We'll go next to Colin Bristow with UBS.
Colin Bristow: Good morning and thanks for taking the questions. Maybe one on the LEQEMBI commercial setup. So, one investor concern and important feedback we've been hearing from physicians is around, there being less sales and marketing presence than perhaps had been expected. I heard in your prepared remarks you're saying you expect a 30% increase in the US footprint. Are you able to sort of quantify the current US commercial footprint? And was the 30% increase always planned, or was it based on some review that the current footprint wasn't adequate? Thank you.
Alisha Alaimo: Thank you very much for the question. If you really take a step back and look at how we strategically looked at this launch, we always said that we were going to do in a stepwise approach. We knew from the beginning that sites were going to take a while to get up and running. We had to wait for several indicators from CMS giving full approval and NCD being overturned for PET. And so with that being said, we didn't want to go out of the gate with a really huge field force that wasn't able to actually impact or penetrate the market. So instead, what was decided is we went in with a very focused approach. We focused on really the top accounts that we think handle the majority of the diagnosed patients, especially that are under neurology care. And we said once the market gets to a place where we think it's ready for expansion, then we will expand. Now, to your comment about physicians coming back saying they're not seeing a lot of sales efforts, I think, we also have to have really the context of getting these sites up and running takes a lot of effort. And you also don't want to have three, four, five different people going into these accounts to support. And so, we've been very focused on really getting the large IDNs up and running. Some of these centers that have come forward that really could move quite quickly, we got them up and running. And now as you see the expansion take place with the 30%, we are going to focus mainly on the large IDNs that are now opening up their expand and extend satellite offices, where they're now going to allow a larger cohort of patients to come through for diagnosis and treatment. And so, with this next phase of a build, which we believe we've done a lot of analytics behind it, and we've had a lot of third parties weigh-in on what is the appropriate sizing, we and Eisai believe that this is going to be the right footprint to drive the next acceleration of growth.
Chuck Triano: And let me just turn it to Priya for a clarification back to Mike Yee's question on subcu.
Priya Singhal: Thank you. Thank you. Just wanted to clarify that it's the outcome by fiscal year -- Eisai's fiscal year 2025, which is Q1 2026 for the subcutaneous induction. Of course, that -- it could be a range because it would involve sBLA, a prior -- potentially a priority review and other such aspects, which could shift it, but that is the -- that is what Eisai has communicated. I just wanted to reaffirm that. Thank you.
Chuck Triano: So, the outcome and not the filing?
Priya Singhal: Yes.
Chuck Triano: Obviously earlier?
Priya Singhal: Earlier.
Chuck Triano: Yes.
Priya Singhal: Thank you.
Chuck Triano: Thanks, Priya. Let's move to the next question, please.
Operator: We'll go next to Brian Abrahams with RBC Capital Markets.
Brian Abrahams: Hi, there. Good morning. Thanks so much for taking my question. With regards to LEQEMBI subcu, on the FDA request for immunogenicity data, I'm curious if you have a sense as to what drove that request. Your level of confidence that the PK will be linear using half the subcu dose? And then, when are you proposing that patients in their course of treatment should transition from an IV to a subcu maintenance? Thanks.
Priya Singhal: Sure. Thanks, Brian. So overall, we -- as you know, we had tested the 720 milligrams in the naive patient population that was in the Clarity AD open-label extension sub-study for subcutaneous. Now, from that -- in addition to that, we had modeling data and this is what we are proposing for 360 milligrams to be the weekly maintenance, and the FDA is just requiring additional immunogenicity data. We see this as a reasonable request, and we are already in the process of generating it. So overall, we don't expect that the bioequivalence is going to be in question. This is now really about the immunogenicity and actually generating on patients who would be tested for this. So, that's what we expect with that. Can you remind me what was the second aspect of your question?
Brian Abrahams: When are you proposing that patients transition from the IV to the subcu maintenance? Is there data supporting what -- when in the course of treatment that transition should happen?
Priya Singhal: Yes. And I think that's important because we have filed for an intravenous maintenance like -- we've already completed this filing Q1 2024, and really that has come from three lines of evidence. The Study 201, which was the Phase 2 study, the GAAP period modeling, as well as open-label extension in the Phase 3. So that's what's informed our maintenance IV filing. And really, it will be decided along with the FDA on what is the appropriate time for transition from IV biweekly to weekly now -- up to four-weekly. And in addition, following that, we'll have the subcutaneous maintenance discussion. So really, it's very systematic and we need to first get through all the IV maintenance. And in parallel, we have the SC maintenance. I hope that makes sense.
Chuck Triano: Thanks, Priya. Let's move to the next question, please.
Operator: We'll go next to Jay Olson with Oppenheimer.
Jay Olson: Oh, hey. Thanks for providing this update. It seems like compared to previous quarters, you're focusing more on your three commercial launches and relatively less on the R&D pipeline. Is there any particular reason for that shift in focus? And how much more work do you plan to do to optimize your R&D portfolio? Thank you.
Chris Viehbacher: I'll start. I mean, I think we have first -- four data readouts coming in midyear. So, I think, we felt we'd have more data when we -- it makes sense to bring back the R&D when we've got more data. I would say actually from a prioritization point of view, and Priya, you can weigh-in here, but I think we've largely done the job of having projects that are either projects of conviction, or projects where we're waiting the data outcome. They're in-flight and just given the nature of neuroscience projects, we wait -- we need to wait and see what the data say. I think you're going to find us much more disciplined about whether we progress or not. Our go/no-go decisions, I think have all been clearly defined for those. I think the next job is really now to build out the pipeline, as I talked about earlier, that we want to diversify our business a little bit more than we have in the past. So, Priya is certainly working along with Jane on thinking about what things we can additionally bring into the pipeline from outside. But, Priya, I don't know whether you want to add anything there.
Priya Singhal: Thanks, Chris. I think you covered it. That's exactly right. We are very excited about our four readouts. We are preparing for them. We have already worked through go/no-go criteria. And we continue to remain very excited about the rest of the pipeline that's in mid and late-stage, particularly our anti-tau ASO BIIB080, as well as our two Phase 3 programs in SLE, litifilimab as well as dapi that we just talked about, and with litifilimab also in cutaneous lupus. So, we have a number of projects in early phase development, and we're trying to be very disciplined about making sure that we make evidence and data-based decisions.
Chuck Triano: Thanks. Thanks, Priya. Next question, please.
Operator: We'll go next to Chris Raymond with Piper Sandler.
Chris Raymond: Thanks. Just maybe a strategic question on your biz dev strategy. So, Chris, I heard your comments around diversifying away from neurology. You guys have been saying that for a while and your deals are focused on areas other than MS. But there is actually, if you look across the industry, some decent early innovation in MS. Even with your business on the decline, our checks still indicate that Biogen remains a trusted company and there's an awful lot of value, I would argue with that market presence. I guess maybe just the question here strategically is, is your activities in business development, is that due to your view of the need to diversify away from MS strategically? Or is it a view that you just haven't seen an early asset worth licensing, or is there some other underlying dynamic of the MS market that has led you guys to prioritize other areas? Thanks.
Chris Viehbacher: Yes, well, there's a little bit of a lot of the above in there. I think the first is, we haven't abandoned MS. We do have programs in research early. The unmet need in MS has really narrowed. It's really the progressive form, which is a very tough indication really to go after. But we have programs still in ALS. And in fact, I think the fact that QALSODY was approved has actually proven to be an enormous scientific achievement. It may not be a major financial achievement, but this really opens up the field to having a biomarker where you can tell whether something is working or not in ALS. And so, we have a number of programs in ALS. We're in Huntington's. We have a program in Parkinson's, as you know. We've got TAU, which I think between TAU and lupus, we see as programs of high conviction within the company. So, we feel that -- I think you're right. We are very well-placed. Neurology, I wouldn't just say MS, but neurology. But the reality is that, we sit there with programs that are very difficult to predict, very expensive, very long running. And when you actually look at the ability to do external deals, that field is also very narrow. There's just not that many people working in the CNS space. So we're by no means abandoning it. And in fact, the fact that we go after these really tough diseases is really a source of pride within Biogen. And I have to say, I continue to be amazed at the capability and talent we have within the organization. But the reality is, we need to have more predictable results out of R&D. And I think we do have a lot of that capability within the company. I don't see us ever -- moving -- going left turn into oncology or something like that. But I do think we have a legitimacy and being in rare diseases and expanding into immunology. And in fact, I think what we've been doing in MS and in fact lupus is really an indicator of that. So, I think we're going to continue to branch out, but it also branches out our opportunity set for collaboration, and not just diversifying our portfolio.
Chuck Triano: Thanks, Chris. And can we take our last question, please, operator?
Operator: Yes. We'll go next to Terence Flynn with Morgan Stanley.
Terence Flynn: Great. Thanks for taking the question. Maybe a two-part on LEQEMBI. Just wondering, obviously, you talked about the number of unique prescribers more than doubling this quarter. Just wondering how much more breadth you're expecting from the field force expansion here as we think about the forward through 2024? And then, any early insights on duration of treatment that you're seeing so far? Thank you.
Alisha Alaimo: Yes. So thank you for the question. My outlook for the rest of the year is, when you really think about the phases that these IDNs are in, and even you see these small accounts that they do move fast out in the community. And if you really take a step back and look in context for the IDNs, we got an approval -- full approval in July. It took about six to eight months for these very large systems to get organized, which is that staged and phased approach I talked about. And the fact that now they're actually opening up these other sites for diagnosing and prescribing, I believe that you're going to also see the number of physicians prescribing increasing, and it will continue to increase throughout the rest of the year. If you look at how many physicians that we are targeting and the numbers that are actually prescribing, we still have a good delta there. And so, I do see that continuing, especially with the field force coming in, if they're covering, our goal is really to drive the acceleration at these large IDNs. I talked to you about the Priority 100, but keep in mind, we actually target quite more than that. I just keep referring to the priority. And there are many other IDNs that are also prescribing and are also expanding and extending. The second part of your question was around --
Chuck Triano: Duration.
Alisha Alaimo: Duration. What's interesting with this and there's been a lot of conversations with many of these prescribing sites. Physicians lay very specific and explicit expectations with patients that when they go on this therapy, their expectation is they come in, every two weeks, to get their IV infusion and that they stay on product. And what we've seen thus far, and what we believe to be happening thus far is patients are staying on product. We hear that as feedback from the physicians. We also hear that as feedback from the numbers that we see the data that we see. So, so far with duration, the plan is that they're keeping patients on product. I think there are questions out there as to what to do about duration, but in the absence of any data, physicians are keeping patients on.
Chuck Triano: Right. Thanks, Alisha, and thanks to all of you for joining us today for the call and the IR team, of course, is available for follow-ups. Have a good rest of your day.
Operator: This does conclude today's conference. We thank you for your participation.

===== 2023 Q4  (2024-02-13 08:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning. My name is Katie and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Biogen Fourth Quarter and Full-Year 2023 Earnings Call and Business Update. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Today's conference is being recorded. Thank you. I would now like to turn the conference over to Mr. Chuck Triano, Head of Investor Relations. Mr. Triano, you may begin your conference.
Chuck Triano: Thank you, Katie. Good morning and welcome to Biogen's fourth quarter and full-year 2023 earnings call. Before we begin, I'll remind you that the earnings release and related financial tables including our GAAP financial measures and a reconciliation of the GAAP to non-GAAP financial measures that we will discuss today are located in the Investors section of biogen.com. Our GAAP financials are provided in tables 1 and 2, and table 4 includes a reconciliation of our GAAP to non-GAAP financial results. We believe non-GAAP financial results better represent the ongoing economics of our business and reflect how we manage the business internally. We have also posted the slides on our website that will be used during this call. I would like to point out also that we will be making forward-looking statements, which are based on our expectations. These statements are subject to certain risks and uncertainties and our actual results may differ materially. I encourage you to consult the risk factors discussed in our SEC filings for additional detail. On today's call, I'm joined by our President and Chief Executive Officer, Chris Viehbacher; Dr. Priya Singhal, Head of Development; and our CFO, Mike McDonnell. Chris, Priya, and Mike will each make some opening comments and then we'll move to the Q&A session. To allow us to get through as many questions as possible, we ask that you limit yourself to one question. With that, Ill now turn the call over to Chris.
Chris Viehbacher: Thank you, Chuck. Good morning, everybody. A year ago, I had the -- an opportunity of presenting Biogen's quarterly results for the first time. At that time, we expressed the objective of returning Biogen to sustainable growth. And I think in the intervening year we've made substantial progress and today it is a great amount of pride and pleasure that we can announce earnings guidance, which Mike will go into in greater detail, which says that we will -- we are expecting to see positive earnings per share growth. And as I have said on a number of occasions, once we can get Biogen growing, we really see it Biogen becoming a growth company for the foreseeable future. We have very little, if we have in fact no exposure to Inflation Reduction Act with our current portfolio. We don't have any new patent expiries really coming in anytime soon other than those that are already known. And I think we've undertaken a number of other measures that really reposition Biogen for growth. Now if I just review some of those things, the first is -- was really to refocus the company on growth drivers, in particular our new product launches. Biogen had four new product launches from approvals from the FDA last year. That's the second highest of anyone in our industry. And you know that required quite an awful lot of cultural change. The multiple sclerosis franchise has been the stalwart of our company for since its inception 45-years ago. Our people are passionate about the physicians to treat multiple sclerosis and the patients who have multiple sclerosis. And we are still a market leader in this space. However, that is a franchise that is facing increasing competition and we have to embrace new therapeutic categories and new businesses. And so we have really had a major shift in resources and focus, particularly towards LEQEMBI, ZURZUVAE, SKYCLARYS, and QALSODY. We also though have still some products with patent protection, again, with substantial competition. And if I take a product like SPINRAZA, analyst forecasts had shown forecasts that this product would decline. Particularly proud of our teams in demonstrating that they could bring this product to -- back to actually even modest growth. Obviously, the mode of administration of products can be a competitive advantage. So if you have a pill, you're going to be a lot more preferred than if you have an infusion, for example. But what we see in some of these really devastating diseases is that efficacy is still the most important factor. And that is why SPINRAZA continues to be a leader in its segment. And Biogen is extremely good at being able to develop the medical evidence to support the value proposition of its products. As many of you told me when I first came into the company, you know, you've got a mature product portfolio, but you've got one of the highest cost bases in our industry. And we took steps to address that. We -- but it wasn't just around reducing cost. We wanted to reengineer the business. We were shifting our focus, entering new therapeutic categories, and we needed to think about capabilities, we needed to think about the agility of the organization, the number of layers of management that we have. And so we implemented a fit-for-growth reengineering project. We've already achieved $200 million of savings, and we're on track to realize approximately half of the 800 million of net savings by the end of 2024. That's, of course, a gross savings of $1 billion. And then we had to look at research and development. And Biogen is an extremely interesting company. All of the diseases that Biogen targets are really devastating diseases, and we target -- and there is a lot of pride in the fact that we go and try to find solutions for diseases where nobody else is doing that. But of course, when you do that, you're pioneering. You're pioneering, because we don't really understand often the underlying disease biology of these conditions, and so we end up taking a lot of risk, and these trials can be really quite expensive. And yet we do need a company like Biogen in our world, and so our objective has been to really focus research and development investments on those products that will have the greatest impact. And of course, we have to manage the risk in the portfolio. We have to have Biogen as a sustainably growing company and one which is attractive to investors. We need the capital to go and invest in new projects. And so I think with Priya's help, we've been able to take an extremely disciplined and objective view to the pipeline. We have four data readouts this year, again, on extremely important illnesses, and Priya will talk more about that. And as we go into next year, we're going to be looking at how do we reinforce that pipeline? How do we rethink our research efforts? A lot has changed in science, but we haven't necessarily done that kind of change at Biogen. So I think research and development is extremely important to Biogen and I think continued to be a source of growth for the future. Now, as we look at what does drive growth, clearly we have LEQEMBI. And I'll remind everybody that, again, we are not just pioneering in science, but pioneering in commercial. One of the interesting things about this disease is that if we talk about the efficacy of the product, a lot of cases we're looking at the characteristic of a product, but actually when you talk about efficacy, you're talking about are you in the right patient? And in fact, for decades, our industry invested in drugs which failed to demonstrate a benefit in Alzheimer's disease. And there were two main problems with that. One was we couldn't get enough drug across the blood-brain barrier, and we weren't in the right patient. Clarity was the first study to really convincingly demonstrate the importance of reducing plaque and the impact on cognition. But we know that some data that we showed at CTAD that we believe that the earlier you can go, the more likely it is you're going to show even a greater efficacy, because we're not -- we're really in the business of trying to protect neurons or create an environment where injured neurons can recover. And so we have a huge investment in our AHEAD study to look at presymptomatic patients. We're investing in what happens when you remove the plaque and looking at maintenance. We're trying to make this more convenient for patients by having a subcutaneous formulation. And so this -- the pioneering continues. And the pioneering also is out there in the marketplace. Patients with Alzheimer's are not in the system today and are coming into the system. So we've got approximately 2,000 patients on therapy at the moment. Now, we don't have as companies direct access to the patient registries. You all know about the CMS registry, but there are a few other registries out there like ALZ-NET, for example. And we have seen some analysts have been able to access that data. There was one analyst report of 3,300 patients on the registry. Latest information that we have, and again, this is not perfect information, but we have an indication that there are about 3,800 patients as of last week on the registry. When you look at that, that suggests we're getting about 260, 265 patients per week in the month of January. And as far as we can tell, that's about a 56% increase over what we were seeing in December. So we are clearly seeing that there is demand for the product. We're clearly seeing that IDNs are moving to put in place the care pathways and the treatment protocols to improve access. 70 out of the top 100 IDNs have had positive P&T committee decisions. 80% of those have now actually ordered LEQEMBI. But if we talk to the people who are doing the PET scans, the MRIs, the people who sell the blood diagnostics, everybody is reporting increased activity and volume. And so -- and as you saw with Eisai's results, their belief is that for all the patients on treatment, there are at least three or four-fold of those who are actually in waiting rooms. So we do believe we're making very solid progress. And we believe that we have validated the go-to-market model. And now that we have enough IDNs with reimbursement and care pathways in place, we believe that it's also time now to increase our level of promotion out there. And so as Eisai has announced, we will be expanding total U.S. field force by about 30%. And as was already previously agreed last year, that once we had the go-to-market model really validated, that it's now time for Biogen colleagues to also go and visit physicians. And of course, we've seen the launch in Japan. I was there for the launch meeting, and Biogen's very proud to be working alongside our colleagues from Eisai on the launch in Japan. And we've seen LEQEMBI approved in China, and that launch will be from later this year. So everywhere we look with LEQEMBI, we are making solid progress. This is, as we have said before, a launch that really doesn't have an analog. We have always guided investors to the fact that this would be a progressive ramp, and that's what we're seeing. And we continue to believe in the long-term importance of LEQEMBI, both to patients and to our financial results. Moving on to SKYCLARYS, you've seen the launch numbers for the U.S., we have about 1,000 patients now on therapy. We don't have a pediatric indication yet. So the potential population's about 4,500. So we've got a little over 20% of the patients on therapy within about six months of launch. Theres an awful lot of complexity to launching these rare diseases, and I think this is where Biogen has an awful lot of strength. There's a lot of logistics issues with specialty pharmacy and reimbursement. And so we have already been able to demonstrate that we can reduce the time from the start form to shipment by 45%. We've got about two-thirds coverage out there in terms of reimbursement. And of course, patients and their physicians need an awful lot of support out there. And so we have patient services and family access managers, who are assisting patients and physicians to navigate the care pathways. One of the things that we see with SPINRAZA is that we do about a third of our sales in the U.S. and two-thirds ex-U.S., and we expect that to be a model for SKYCLARYS. Last night, we announced the formal approval by the European Commission for SKYCLARYS. We have expanded access program in a number of European countries, and we are in the process of setting those up in other countries, including those outside of the U.S. We have a global filing strategy that is underway to make sure that all patients with Friedreich's Ataxia can benefit from SKYCLARYS. And of course, we are actively working on doing the studies that would be needed to obtain the indication for children under age 16. ZURZUVAE, postpartum depression, enormous unmet need, tremendous media coverage. We're talking about maternal health and we're also talking about mental health. And those are two key trends in our societies today. It has been difficult often for mothers to seek treatment and get treatment. It is estimated about 80,000 women are diagnosed every year, but the incidence is believed to be way in excess of a half a million. So there's an awful lot of work to do to really get outreach to women, who are suffering from postpartum depression. I have to say the initial indications of launch are well above expectations and very promising, but it's six weeks of data. So I think we want to see more data to really come to any firm conclusions, but everything that we are seeing is extremely positive. We were originally positioning this product for major depressive disorder and we pivoted to postpartum depression that meant we've had to go back and recontract with payers. I have to say I'm highly appreciative of payers, because they have actually been honoring prescriptions even though we haven't got all of our contracting in place, and I think that is actually also helping with demand. So with that, I'll turn it over to Priya because I think increasingly what we'd like to also start to talk about is not only what we're selling, but the new hope for patients that's coming out of our pipeline. So I'll turn that over to you, Priya.
Priya Singhal: Thank you, Chris. As we previously discussed, we have focused on reviewing and prioritizing our development pipeline with a keen eye towards maximizing probability of success and increasing potential return on investment, as Chris noted. The intention was always to focus our pipeline to better represent a risk-reward balance, and one that we believe could help Biogen reach the goal of achieving sustainable growth. While this effort resulted in a number of program discontinuations last year, specifically in areas we perceived significant regulatory development or commercialization challenges. We also highlighted areas where we had deep expertise and promising pipeline programs and therefore warranted an invest-to-win approach. One such area is Alzheimer's disease where we have an industry-leading pipeline, and we do expect to continue investing in order to expand our leadership. This starts first with building upon our opportunity with LEQEMBI. Our first priority is to continue working with Eisai to help ensure that LEQEMBI is available globally to patients suffering from early Alzheimer's disease. With approvals now obtained in the U.S., Japan and China, and filings currently under review in 14 additional markets, we believe we are well on our way to achieving this goal. Second is creating additional treatment options for patients. The data presented at CTAD last year on LEQEMBI suggests that there is continued benefit associated with treatment out to 24-months, and that treatment earlier in the disease course had a greater effect on clinical outcome. For this reason, we are working with Eisai to submit a filing for maintenance dosing with IV LEQEMBI or every four-week treatment, as well as evaluating LEQEMBI administration in preclinical AD, as Chris mentioned, in the AHEAD 3-45 trial, which is before the onset of symptoms. Eisai also aims to submit a filing for subcutaneous version of LEQEMBI by the end of March. Beyond LEQEMBI, Biogen is also advancing pipeline programs targeting tau. We believe tau represents the next frontier in Alzheimer's therapeutics, and we are working to support the development of diagnostic tests and pathways. Our ASO targeting tau, BIIB080, represents a new mechanism for targeting tau distinct from prior antibody attempt. In the Phase 1b study, we saw a convergence of target engagement, reduction in tau pathology in the brain, and improvement in exploratory measures of clinical outcome. We are very encouraged by these results and are currently evaluating BIIB080 in the Phase 2 CELIA study. We also have BIIB113 of Phase 1 small molecule aiming to reduce the aggregation of tau. Importantly, Jane and the research organization is also focused on the future of Alzheimer's treatments and is pursuing a multimodality approach to evaluate a number of other potential targets implicated in Alzheimer's disease biology. Looking beyond Alzheimer's disease, Biogen has an opportunity to expand our growing rare disease portfolio. We see rare disease expertise as a core competency at Biogen. I will now address BIIB121 in Angelman's syndrome. Angelman's syndrome is a rare genetic neurodevelopmental disorder that occurs in approximately one in 15,000 live births worldwide. It is diagnosed in early childhood and is characterized by symptoms such as severe developmental delays, speech impairment, problems with movement and balance, and may involve seizures. While there is no specific treatment approved, individuals with Angelman's syndrome will generally have a near-normal life expectancy. However, they will generally require continuous care and are unable to live independently. Normally, the paternal allele of the UBE3A gene is silenced in neurons, leading to expression of only the maternal allele. In Angelman's syndrome, the maternal allele is either absent or inactivated through genetic mutation, leading to loss of UBE3A gene expression and impairment of synaptic connections and brain network activity. This can be visualized by an increase in low -- slow brainwaves or called delta waves. BIIB121 aims to remove the silencing of the paternal allele in order to restore expression of the UBE3A gene. While the HALOS 1 study is designed as an open-label, multiple ascending dose study across age groups and dose levels to assess safety and tolerability, importantly, the study also utilizes clinical measures that we can use to assess therapeutic potential. This includes objective EEG assessment, as well as clinical assessments evaluating multiple domains of Angelman's syndrome, like cognitive function and gross and fine motor skills. The HALOS Study has completed enrollment for the multiple ascending dose portion of the study, and last year, Ionis presented some encouraging early interim results. Overall, safety and tolerability support continued dosing in the long-term extension with no concerning safety trends having been observed to-date. The EEG data was suggestive of early trends to a reduction of slow delta wave activity as compared to baseline. And clinician-assessed clinical endpoints show a majority of participants demonstrating some level of improvement in overall functioning. Overall, we are encouraged by these early trends and look forward to sharing a more comprehensive topline study readout expected midyear. Following our review of those results, Biogen will be in a position to make its decision whether to opt in to conduct a pivotal study. Moving to lupus, this is another area with significant unmet medical need. We currently have two Phase 3 assets in Systemic Lupus Erythematosus or SLE. First is dapirolizumab pegol, being developed in collaboration with UCB, where we expect a topline readout of the Phase 3 study midyear this year. If positive, we expect to conduct a second Phase 3 study. The second is litifilimab, our anti-BDCA2 antibody developed in-house at Biogen. We currently have two Phase 3 studies of litifilimab in SLE ongoing. These studies are enrolling and utilize a 52-week primary endpoint. Litifilimab also has the potential to be a first-in-class biologic in Cutaneous Lupus Erythematosus or CLE, a skin-based autoimmune disease that can be associated with severe scarring and dyspigmentation and can be distinct from SLE. As I've previously discussed, we have focused on reviewing our pipeline to identify and prioritize the areas where we believe we have both sufficient expertise and confidence in the science to deliver meaningful new treatments for patients. While this initial review is complete, this process remains dynamic, and we are committed to holding ourselves accountable to efficiently seeking out scientific insights and continuing to build the pipeline with what we believe is the right risk-reward balance. While we look forward to four important near-term readouts this year, we continue to focus on identifying additional near-term opportunities, as well as continued expansion beyond neuroscience. Through collaboration with Jane and research organization, as well as Adam Keeney, our Head of Corporate Development, we are taking a holistic look across a spectrum of opportunities with both a research and development focus to identify strategic assets that we believe can contribute to Biogen's growth story now and in the long-term. With that, I would now like to pass the call over to Mike.
Mike McDonnell: Thank you, Priya. Good morning, everyone. I'm going to provide some highlights and color regarding our financial performance for the fourth quarter of 2023, and I'll follow that with some detail on our 2024 financial guidance assumptions. Please note that all the financial comparisons that you will hear are versus the fourth quarter of 2022. Total revenue for the fourth quarter of 2023 was $2.4 billion. That's a decrease of 6% at actual currency and 5% at constant currency. Non-GAAP diluted earnings per share in the fourth quarter was $2.95, and that includes a $0.35 negative impact from the recently disclosed closeout costs related to ADUHELM. For the full-year of 2023, total revenue of $9.8 billion represents a decline of 3% at actual currency and 1% at constant currency, and that's consistent with our most recent guidance of a low single-digit decline. Full-year 2023 non-GAAP diluted EPS was $14.72, and that's also consistent with our most recent guidance range of $14.50 to $15. Total MS product revenue was $1.2 billion in the fourth quarter. That's a decrease of 8% at actual currency and 6% at constant currency, and that decline is broadly attributable to competition among the impacts from generic TECFIDERA. I'd like to now provide just a couple of quick updates to the MS business during the fourth quarter. First, for TECFIDERA, in Europe, in December, the European Commission revoked the centralized marketing authorization for generic versions of TECFIDERA, and in reaching this decision, the European Commission affirmed that Biogen is entitled to marketing protection for TECFIDERA until February of 2025, which makes TECFIDERA the only dimethyl fumarate treatment for MS that may be lawfully placed on the market for sale in the EU until that date. Also, a TYSABRI biosimilar is now launched in a small number of countries in Europe. We expect that biosimilars will continue to launch in the first-half of 2024 in other European geographies, as well as in the U.S. Biogen has patents related to TYSABRI, and we will continue to seek to enforce our IP. And although VUMERITY grew modestly in 2023, we are seeing continued effects from pricing pressure and an overall contraction of the oral segment of the market in the U.S., which we expect to continue to see in 2024. Now an update on our rare disease portfolio, which includes SPINRAZA, SKYCLARYS, and QALSODY. In the fourth quarter, we reported revenue $472 million, which is an increase of 3% at actual currency and 6% at constant currency. On our third quarter call, we noted that SPINRAZA outside the U.S. benefited from the timing of shipments in certain markets. This prior period benefit negatively impacted fourth quarter performance. While we expect continued shipment timing impacts for SPINRAZA in 2024, we remain encouraged by its overall performance. SPINRAZA outside the U.S. was also modestly impacted by pricing pressure and competition in Europe in the fourth quarter. As the market leader in SMA, we continue to believe that we can return SPINRAZA to growth over time. SKYCLARYS delivered $56 million of revenue in the first full quarter as a Biogen product, and we are encouraged by the continued patient growth that we've seen. Biosimilars fourth quarter revenue of $188 million increased 8% at actual currency and 10% at constant currency. We continue to explore strategic alternatives for this business and are working to ensure that we maximize its value for our shareholders. Our anti-CD20 revenue of $436 million included a $12 million operating loss related to our economics for LUNSUMIO. Contract manufacturing, royalty and other revenue of $118 million in the fourth quarter was notably lower year-over-year, mainly driven by the timing of batches, and I'll provide some additional detail on this dynamic shortly when I discuss our 2024 guidance. Now, a few things to note regarding fourth quarter expenses. Fourth quarter non-GAAP cost of sales was 25% of total revenue, and that includes $52 million of idle capacity charges. Fourth quarter non-GAAP R&D expense decreased $34 million and that's notwithstanding approximately $45 million related to our portion of the LEQEMBI collaboration and approximately $60 million in closeout costs relating to ADUHELM. Non-GAAP SG&A expense decreased $44 million in the fourth quarter, which was driven by approximately $110 million in cost savings initiatives, and that was partially offset by an increase in commercialization expenses related to the launches of SKYCLARYS and LEQEMBI. Next, a brief update on our balance sheet. We ended the year with $1 billion in cash and marketable securities and $6.9 billion in debt, which puts us in a net debt position of $5.9 billion. In the fourth quarter, we utilized approximately $1.3 billion of cash for final acquisition payment obligations related to the Reata transaction. We also paid down roughly $350 million of the $1 billion term loan that we put in place at the time of this acquisition. It's important to note that, included in the $1.3 billion I just mentioned, $393 million was reflected in cash flow from operations for a one-time payment related to equity-based compensation for the Reata transaction. So absent this, full-year 2023 free cash flow of $1.3 billion would have been approximately $1.7 billion. We expect to continue to generate strong cash flow this year and expect to receive a payment of $437 million from Samsung in early Q2 of this year. So now I'm going to discuss our full-year 2024 guidance ranges and assumptions. We expect full-year 2024 non-GAAP diluted earnings per share of between $15 and $16, and that reflects expected EPS growth of approximately 5% at the midpoint of the range, compared to 2023. While total revenue is expected to decline by a low to mid-single-digit percentage, we expect our core pharmaceutical revenue or product revenue plus Biogen's 50% share of LEQEMBI revenue net of cost of sales and royalties to be relatively flat for 2024 as compared to 2023. This assumption is driven by the expected increase in revenue from new product launches over the course of the year, roughly offsetting the declines in our MS product revenue. As has been the case in previous years, we expect Q1 to be seasonally weaker quarter, as compared to Q4 for our MS business in the U.S., and that's driven by higher discounts and allowances and some channel dynamics. We also expect contract manufacturing revenue to be significantly lower throughout 2024, as compared to 2023. This is in part due to completing certain batch commitments in 2023, as part of the 2020 sale of Hillerod, which is located in Denmark. We had manufacturing operations there. And these batch commitments contributed roughly $320 million in 2023, which will not recur in 2024. The increase in revenue from new product launches and decrease in contract manufacturing revenue, along with lower idle capacity charges, are expected to have a favorable impact on cost of sales as a percentage of revenue for 2024. We also believe we can grow our operating income at a low-double-digit percentage and operating margins by a mid-single-digit percentage, as compared to 2023. We expect this to be driven by improved cost of sales as a percentage of revenue, as well as lower expected operating expenses, resulting from our Fit for Growth initiative. On Fit for Growth, we continue to expect to generate approximately $1 billion in gross savings and $800 million in savings net of reinvestments by 2025. We have achieved approximately $200 million of savings in 2023 and are on track to realize another $200 million in 2024, which would put us at $400 million or half of the overall net savings by the end of this year with the remainder in 2025. In 2024, we expect our 50% portion of SG&A spend for LEQEMBI, which, as a reminder, is not included in our Fit for Growth assumptions and the reallocation of resources for ADUHELM to roughly offset. With all of these considerations in mind, we expect our full-year 2024 combined R&D and SG&A spend to total approximately $4.3 billion. We expect our other income and expense line to continue to be a headwind this year, given the reduction in interest income and increase in interest expense as a result of the Reata acquisition. And so in 2024, we expect an improving revenue profile, improved margins, and a return to non-GAAP EPS growth. Our number one goal remains to return to sustainable growth, and we remain committed to this goal and to creating long-term value for our shareholders. And now back to Chris for some closing remarks.
Chris Viehbacher: Thanks, Mike. So we have a number of milestones this year that we'll all be watching carefully. You've seen we have a scientific advisory group for LEQEMBI in the first quarter, and assuming a positive result for the CHMP, that should hopefully lead to an approval in -- by the European Commission in the first-half -- later in the first-half of this year. SKYCLARYS in the European Union, of course, we've just achieved, as we announced last night, and the European approval for QALSODY, there is an expected decision by the CHMP and the European Commission in the first half. We have regulatory submissions coming up, as you know, with the subcutaneous formulation for LEQEMBI and IV maintenance dosing also for LEQEMBI. And then, as Priya has noted, we have four data readouts expected sometime mid-year for four programs. As I said earlier, I think we are going to be spending an increasing amount of time focusing on our pipeline and building out that pipeline. So Chuck, I turn that back [Technical Difficulty] and see if theres any questions.
Chuck Triano: Right. Thanks, Chris. Katie, could you please open polling for questions? Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Marc Goodman with Leerink Partners.
Marc Goodman: Yes. Good morning. Can you walk us through just the subcu and the maintenance approvals? Obviously, timelines, I guess, would be around the end of the year, but just talk about the impact into the market. Let's assume Lilly's on the market as well with a -- they're going to get approved soon. So how do you expect this to change the dynamics and the uptake? And just give us a sense of that, please. And then also, maybe you could just talk about the uptake in Japan that you expect? Thanks.
Chris Viehbacher: Yes. Thanks, Marc. Priya, you want to just start with kind of the timelines? And I can hit the commercial.
Priya Singhal: Sure. Thanks, Marc, for that question. So overall, we shared our six month data for the subcutaneous formulation at CTAD last year. We believe we've achieved the bioequivalence with the IV formulation. Eisai has communicated very recently about the FDA meeting that is on the book to finalize strategy for submission. And currently, the aim is still to file by end of March 2024 for the subcutaneous formulation. In addition, there is data on the potential and need for IV maintenance, and that is also being aimed to file by Q1 2024. So that's the plan currently. I'm going to turn it over to Chris for the dynamics and the commercial implications.
Chris Viehbacher: Yes, so Marc, I mean, the main benefit of subcutaneous is going to be convenience for patients. And as we talked about earlier, over time, we're looking at the AHEAD study where we could potentially one day get an indication for much earlier-stage patients. We're looking at maintenance where patients should continue on, if we get approved, to prevent the recurrence of plaque. So the time on drug is expected to expand as we do these studies, and having a subcutaneous formulation at any stage of this disease could be quite beneficial. In terms of the actual competitiveness with donanemab, I think there's going to be a number of points. We do know that physicians are highly sensitive to ARIA and safety, and we have a significantly better safety profile with LEQEMBI than donanemab. There's an interesting thing with donanemab study, which -- their study actually followed patients until there was a decrease in plaques. So where Clarity looked at an endpoint for everybody at the same time point after 18 months, there was a variable endpoint in terms of time on donanemab. And so the stopping criteria are not quite clear. And I think we need to see what those are if you need a PET scan, for instance, that could be quite onerous. Now we don't know whether that's going to be the case or not. But I think we're going to have a number of variables with which we can compete with donanemab. And subcutaneous at some point will be helpful. Obviously, if think it these guidance, looks like donanemab is an indicated is going to be on the market before the subcutaneous formulation is. So we're going to be focused on some of those non-subcutaneous factors and competition. And then once we see the label for Lily, once we see the label for the subcu then we'll develop our commercial strategy accordingly.
Chuck Triano: Do you want to comment on Japan?
Chris Viehbacher: Oh, Japan. Yes, I think we certainly have a -- Eisai is basically putting all of its field force, not just the ones for LEQEMBI behind this. And you've got a government managed healthcare system. So I think some of the complexity that we have in the United States with reimbursement and different actors could be simpler. We do expect that there will be some of the same constraints in terms of access to neurologists, the PET scans. They'll probably use a lot more of the CSF markers and PET scans in Japan, but I think we could potentially see a faster uptake in Japan than we saw even in the United States, just because of the current system. So we're just out there since January and we'll give an update, obviously, again at first quarter, but certainly from what we're hearing from our own people from the field, that there's been a very positive reception by physicians in Japan.
Chuck Triano: Great. Thanks, Chris. Next question, please, operator.
Operator: Thank you. We'll go next to Salveen Richter with Goldman Sachs.
Salveen Richter: Good morning. Thanks for taking my question. I have one with regard to the bottlenecks on the LEQEMBI launch. Could you speak to maybe two of those aspects? One is your expectations for Medicare Advantage to get to the same level of coverage as traditional Medicare and over what timeframe? And then secondly, just an update on the patient access to neurologists. Thank you.
Chris Viehbacher: Yes, so I'll have to get back here on the -- I haven't heard anything that Medicare Advantage is any different than Medicare. So I haven't ever asked that question before, but I'll go check. But as far as I know, it's the same. The bottlenecks, I still -- if you think about it, if the data from the patient registries are accurate, and again, we don't have direct access to that, but it suggests that we've got almost twice as many people on the registry as we do on treatment. And so that says that in addition to the bottleneck of getting into the neurologist, that there's -- when you get to the registry, you've got a clear intent to prescribe, because on the registry, at least for CMS, you have to describe how you actually validated the diagnosis. So by then, you've triaged the patient, you've done either the PET scan or the CSF markers, and you're looking for reimbursement. And what we're hearing a little bit is, is that there is some challenge in just scheduling the first MRI, because when we initiate the infusion, you have to have the first MRI within the first two weeks. So people don't want to initiate the infusion until they've got that MRI scheduled. And the MRI -- there isn't an MRI capacity constraint per se, but you are looking for a specific date, and then you have to back up the infusion. So there's just, I think, until people get the hang of this, getting all that coordination, I think that seems to be where the -- where one of the bottlenecks is.
Chuck Triano: Great. Thank you, Chris. Let's move to the next question please.
Operator: We'll go next to Umer Raffat with Evercore ISI.
Umer Raffat: Hi, guys. Thanks for taking my question. I thought I'd ask for something a little different today, your CD40 Phase 3 in lupus. And my question is, two things. One, the trial size, this was shrunk from 450 down to 320. Could you speak to the recruiting challenges and whether they bode well or not well on efficacy? And then secondly, the primary endpoint, this one has three components, but the FDA guidance appears to want one clear index like a BILAG or SELENA-SLEDAI et cetera. Is there alignment with regulator on that? Thank you.
Priya Singhal: Thank you, Umer. I'll take that. So just starting off, I think we expect our results from the first Phase 3 mid-2024. We expect that we'll need a second Phase 3, if this is positive, to generate the safety and efficacy to support a Reg filing. We did make a protocol amendment, and this was really working very closely with Biogen and UCB, looking at the study design, balancing our commitment to execute a well-designed, informative study with a desire to potentially expedite the delivery of dapi, if positive, to patients in need. So we do think it's appropriately powered, and we continue with regulatory engagements and facilitate a discussion on the next step. So we think, yes, we -- it is positioned to give us a clear readout on the therapeutic potential as of now. Yes.
Chuck Triano: Thanks, Priya. Let's go to our next question, please.
Operator: We'll go next to Evan Seigerman with BMO Capital Markets.
Evan Seigerman: Hi, all. Thank you so much for taking my question. Chris, maybe can you walk me through some of the rationale for adding more Biogen resources to the LEQEMBI launch and maybe kind of what's changed or evolved with your partnership with Eisai where you think you needed to add more Biogen resources in the United States? Thank you.
Chris Viehbacher: Yes. Thanks, Evan. I mean, to be clear, we're adding both more Biogen as well as more Eisai. A year ago, the CEO of Eisai and I talked about the launch of LEQEMBI, and for the U.S., just discussed the complexity of the launch, and we've been through all that, and I won't necessarily bore everybody again with that complexity, but we just felt that we wanted to really make sure we understood the go-to-market model. In addition to these neurology account specialists, you've got MSLs, you've got some patient care navigators, you've got some people looking after KMEs in the region, and there's probably -- for every NAS, there's another two or three people who are actually out there in the field. And there's an awful lot of coordination that is needed. And even the role of the NAS is quite complex because you've got to go in there, you've got to work with the office around helping them to understand the safety. You have to help them understand what the care pathway is. You have to help them to understand the reimbursement, not just for LEQEMBI, but there is the reimbursement for the PET scans, the MRIs, and for the care. And then finally, there's what people in the field are -- have as a principal objective, why LEQEMBI? So we wanted to make sure we understood all of that. And to be honest, whenever you do these copromotions, they require an awful lot of coordination between the companies. And we just felt that it would be simpler if one company went out at the start. We were sure that we knew exactly how the role of the NAS was going to work in relation to the other accompanying roles that are out there in the field. And we also needed to get a certain number of core IDNs ready and signed up because there's not a lot of point in increasing the number of people out in the field unless you've got enough sites that are activated and ready. So now we're more than six months into the launch. I think we feel very comfortable about how the role of the NAS works. We understand how long it takes between going to visit a neurologist or an IDN and how long it's going to take for them to be activated, because, as I say, there's -- you can put an awful lot of resource out there, but if you're not able to pull the drug through, it's not a very efficient process. So that's just where we are. We're confident in that model. Obviously, it is -- we need to now reach out to more sites. So we're looking at this from both a geographic expansion, but also, I think, even within certain geographies, perhaps reducing the territory side, because when these NASs go in, they spend quite a long time with the specialists. So it was always the agreement between the two CEOs that when we scale up that Biogen would come in, but we both -- our objective is to make the joint venture as efficient as possible. And so we just felt that the efficiency at the start would be maximized if we just had one company on the field. Now, we've obviously learned from that, and that's what also gives us the confidence to put two companies out into the field immediately in Japan, for example, because while there are differences in the market, a number of the dynamics would be the same pretty much in those markets. So it is an increase. Eisai is increasing their resource and so -- and Biogen will be out there as well. And that could still evolve over time. We're going to be in this business together for many years to come.
Chuck Triano: Right, thanks, Chris. Now let's move to our next question, please.
Operator: We'll go next to Paul Mattias with Stifel.
Unidentified Analyst: Hi, this is James on for Paul. Thanks for taking our question. Just one more on the lecanemab subcu and specifically in treatment-naive patients. Just wondering if you're confident that you have enough data from a regulatory perspective here, if you've aligned with regulators, you and Eisai aligned with regulators and specifically, if you have enough safety data in that treatment-naive patient population? Any color there would be great. Thanks.
Priya Singhal: So yes, overall, this has been a topic that we've discussed Eisai and Biogen have discussed with the FDA. And just to step back, the design was to add a sub-study, a subcutaneous sub-study in the Phase III CLARITY study open-label extension, and the cohort that was treatment naive from lecanemab was about 72 patients. And then there was a whole cohort of 322 additional patients that provided safety and tolerability. So this was -- the 72 patients is the premise for the PK/PD and bioequivalents. But there's a larger subset of data that speaks to the safety data. So yes, discussions are ongoing, but overall, these have been discussed with regulators prior to starting them. Thank you.
Chuck Triano: Thanks, Priya. Next question, please.
Operator: We'll go next to Phil Nadeau with TD Cowen.
Phil Nadeau: Good morning. Question on SKYCLARYS following last night's approval in the EU. Chris highlighted the importance of the U.S. markets. Could you discuss the expected cadence and trajectory of SKYCLARYS' launch outside the U.S. and Europe, in particular, when will be available in the major territories? And would you expect the uptake in those major territories to be as fast as it has been here in the United States? Thanks.
Chris Viehbacher: So there's two aspects, I guess, to the launch. One is the early access programs and the other is the former launch. So for example, we'll be able to launch now in Germany with this approval. So we will -- this will be a formal launch. We still have an early access program and any patients on that will now convert to commercial patients. remembering that actually, the patients in early access programs in Europe are expected to be revenue generating for the most part. We have another program that's up and running in France. And we are negotiating the establishment of early access programs in two other European countries, and there are some early access programs under discussion in countries outside of the EU. And the early access program is important because as we all know, in Europe, getting pricing and reimbursement can take some time. So its a little hard to predict just because we have to understand the cadence of these early access programs. So I would expect that it's not going to be quite as fast as it was in the U.S. That said, there is some suggestion that there are some patients, the warehousing effect could well be in Europe, but as I said and as a general matter, just because of the time to get reimbursement all increase in the fact that we are not going to be able to have early access programs in all countries that, that will be a slower uptake than in the U.S. That said, there's also probably more patients actually per capita. Remember, this is a disease that is related to European descent. And so the incidence of Friedreich's ataxia is slightly higher in Europe than it's in U.S. The next big market opportunity to be Latin America, and we are submitting in Brazil and perhaps, Priya, you can give us an update on the regulatory time lines there.
Priya Singhal: Yes. I can comment on the fact that really, we are trying to expedite our regulatory filings in Latin America, Brazil, Argentina. We haven't yet communicated the time lines, but our teams are working very expeditiously, meeting with regulators to really define the pathways that could provide earliest access to patients.
Chris Viehbacher: We estimate, it's hard to get the numbers precisely, but we do estimate there's around 2,000 to 4,000 patients in Latin America. So -- and when we look at the experience of SPINRAZA, we are expecting particularly Latin America to contribute substantially to our revenue outlook as well. As you know, there are very few patients in Asia just because of the genetics. So we don't intend to be filing or launching in Asia.
Chuck Triano: Great, thank you. Next question, please.
Operator: We'll go next to Michael Yee with Jefferies.
Michael Yee: Thanks. We had a question on SKYCLARYS. Can you may be shed some more light on the dynamics of 800 patients to 1,000? And then the trajectory as we go forward into 2024, I know you mentioned there's about 4,000 patients, but how many of those are actually identified. Do you expect growth to moderate just from an expectation standpoint? Talk a little bit about the complexities in 2024 that you commented about. Thank you.
Chris Viehbacher: Yes. Thanks, Michael. Certainly, the growth is going to moderate. Remember, this was -- when this product was in hands of Reata, they had approval. I think it was back in the first quarter. I think it was February, if I remember accurately. And -- but they were not able to commercially launch because of a manufacturing specification issue. So -- and that did not get cleared until July. So in other words, the market and physicians knew the product would be coming to the market that it was approved, and they were just waiting for product availability. So I think the warehousing effect was even greater than what you would normally see for any rare disease drug. Now we're back into the process of finding the patients. I have to say the Friedreich's Ataxia Research Alliance, otherwise known as FARA, is an extraordinarily effective patient association and we're working with them to help identify patients. There is a requirement really to diagnose a patient accurately a genetic test. But this genetic test is not sold readily available. And so we're having to look and make sure that the supplier of that test can make the tests readily available. And then we're also doing the contracting really to make sure that as patients have start forms that they can quickly get on drug. So we'll be back to, I think, a regular growth cadence on SKYCLARYS in the U.S. I don't think we're necessarily going to get another 20% this year. but we're growing every month. And certainly, SKYCLARYS is contributing significantly to our return to growth in 2024.
Chuck Triano: Great. Thank you, Chris. Let's move to our next question, please.
Operator: We'll go next to Colin Bristow with UBS.
Colin Bristow: Hey, good morning. Thanks for taking the questions. I just wanted to clarify something in your slides that says that the subcu that we can be filing is now first-half of 24. But in your commentary, it sounds like it's still 24, so if you could just clarify that? And just talk to specifically what FDA is waiting to see, I think it was a 12-month data last time we spoke. What is it within that? And then maybe just as a follow-on, you had three, four, five study, what is the timing or thresholds for any interim analysis there? A - Priya Singhal I can get started. So overall, I think with the subcutaneous, just to be very clear, Eisai has communicated as recently as their earnings a few days ago that we aim to file by Q1 2024, which is end of the first quarter this year. And just shifting gears to AHEAD 3-45, this is really a platform -- a set of platform trials with different amyloid levels for defining preclinical Alzheimer's disease. So at a very high level, A45 is preclinical Alzheimer's disease with an enrollment target of 1,000 patients, and patients need to have an amyloid level of 40 centiloids or more. There's three phases of dosing with different doses, which is titration, induction and maintenance. And in this particular trial, the outcome is a PAC 5, which is a preclinical composite for Alzheimer's disease, where it's sensitive to patients who are still in the preclinical phase. The A3 trial is -- has a target enrollment of about 400 million and the preclinical amyloid cutoff is between 20 and 40 centiloids. And then again, it's got a different holding schedule of titration and then maintenance. Now the primary endpoint for the A3 trial is really a biomarker endpoint. We haven't really communicated exact time lines. These are very large trials. I think the Eisai and Biogen are very pleased with how they are being enrolled. And I think we'll communicate more. There is an opportunity to do an interim analysis and Eisai has spoken to this, but we haven't communicated a time line yet.
Chuck Triano: And Colin, just a quick note on slide 28, right. The docs that does show Q1, right? We wording says expected mid-year, if there's something sort of in the middle of the year. So I get the confusion because it says half one, half two, but the dots are kind of at the end of the quarter there. So if you were looking at -- see if there was a disconnect, there's not it is. They have said in the end of March is what we're looking at here. So Priya
Priya Singhal: I think there was the latter part of the question. I'll just wrap it up that with regards to FDA, I think I mentioned previously, there have been a lot of discussions. Eisai has recently mentioned the scheduling of more meeting another meeting. And so that strategy will be finalized. Looking at the 6-month data, we are very encouraged with what we saw. We believe that the highest threshold, really, the biggest hurdle was to meet bioequivalence, which we believe we've met. So we'll continue to wait for more data. But we are very encouraged with what we've seen so far.
Chuck Triano: All right. Thank you, Priya. Let's go to our next questioner.
Operator: We'll go next to Chris Raymond with Piper Sandler.
Chris Raymond: Hey, thanks. I wanted to maybe circle back on the Angelman program, and I wanted to understand a little bit better previous commentary around the program. Can you maybe clarify the calculus that goes into deciding to participate in future development. And obviously, there's a competitive approach with Ultragenyx's program. Curious how you're thinking about approvable endpoints? That's obviously been a big question mark. And how you think this product, if successful, would sort of compare and any sort of commentary there in terms of the competitive set? Thanks.
Priya Singhal: Sure, sure. So overall, just to step back, this is a program that Ionis, our partner, is operationalizing and the way the contractual agreements are written, we have the option of opting in to take the data that we see midyear and decide whether we would like to do a pivotal program -- a pivotal study. So that's how it's set up. And then to step back, I described it briefly in my opening remarks that this is a Phase Ib trial. So this is a Phase I trial that's being conducted in patients. It has a multiple ascending dose component for three months, followed by a long-term extension. So we will get data. This is across different age groups and different doses. So we'll get a composite of data. And importantly, we'll be looking or trends on EEG, which we know these patients suffer from the delta waves as I spoke to, the slowing. So we'll be looking at that. as well as clinical endpoints. And very specifically, there are quite a few clinical endpoints. There's the Bayley score, there's the CGI and there's a Vineland. We'll be looking at all of them. Stepping out into what do we feel about the competitive landscape? We feel that this as designed the program is well positioned. Just from an ASO perspective, the backbone of the BIIB121 ASO, we believe, is different. That's 1 from the Ultragenyx ASO. Second, we believe that the dosing may be needed at a quarterly level to really see the PK/PD impact that we need to have -- make an impact in this disease. And we do have a 3 monthly dosing in the LTE. So the MAD is 2 doses being given 1 month apart. And then the third dose, 2 months later, and then patients go into a 3-month dosing. So we are -- we feel that we will have a data set that we can look at and really assess whether we see an adequate signal to really take it into a Phase 3. And with regards to Roche discontinuing their program, we believe, again, that this is a different product, and we believe we may have a competitive advantage. Ultimately, of course, we need to see the data.
Chuck Triano: Thank you, Priya. Let's move to the next question, please.
Operator: We'll go next to Mohit Bansal with Wells Fargo.
Mohit Bansal: Great. Thank you very much for taking mu question. Maybe I can -- if you can comment a little bit on the previous comments you made regarding SPINRAZA returned to growth. What is happening in the market right now? And how do you plan to get back to growth on this product? Thank you.
Chris Viehbacher: Sure. So as you know, we have an oral therapy out there. We have a gene therapy, and we have SPINRAZA with the intrathecal. So short term, I think one of the data points that was very important was demonstrating the efficacy of SPINRAZA following Zolgensma because there has been some feeling that Zolgensma wanes over time. So we're getting what we call switch packs, and the other on the oral therapy is that there has sometimes appear to be that the efficacy is limited to certain body weights. So we can actually go after more adult populations. We believe that only about 30% of patients with SMA are actually treated. Clearly, the pediatric patients are screened for and readily identified. But there are a number of adult patients where the disease is manifest, but it is sometimes difficult to diagnose. And so we're back to the rare disease job of hunting for patients. But we think, actually, we will be the most app most appropriate treatment for that patient population. So that's one source of growth. And then longer term, as you know, we have a high-dose SPINRAZA program in development which could, if it's successful, lead to just on intrathecal injection procured. And that would make an enormous difference to patients in terms of patient convenience and make SPINRAZA even more competitive compared to the others. Now that's still going to take a number of years, but we do expect that still to come to market before the patent on SPINRAZA occurs.
Mike McDonnell: Yes. And I'll just quickly add to that, Mohit, that in the -- as we mentioned in our prepared remarks, there tends to be some lumpiness quarter-over-quarter, particularly outside of the U.S. with shipments. But overall, when you look at the full-year of 2023, we actually saw modest growth in the U.S., modest decline OUS and overall, moving back toward the modest growth trajectory that we're hoping for, and we are pleased with how that franchise has stabilized over time.
Chris Viehbacher: Yes, there's a dynamic as sort of the oral comes into a market at one point or the gene therapy comes into a market. If you have 100% market share and the competitor comes in mathematically, you're going to lose market share. But what we see is that there is some churn for a year or two. And then the markets settle out, and that's when people start focusing on efficacy and patient populations. And as I say, so far, we have been able to maintain leadership in SMA despite the competition. And I think that's where they'll be. There'll be different products for different patients, but there's still enough of a patient population and even with the switchbacks that we can find reservoirs of growth.
Chuck Triano: Great, thanks. And operator, can we move to our last question, please.
Operator: We'll go next to Jay Olson with Oppenheimer.
Unidentified Analyst: Hey, guys. This is Matt on for Jay. Thanks so much for taking our questions, and Jay sends his regards. So we were wondering, I guess it's still early, of course, but the PPD launch still far, just in terms of any metrics or signals that you see that support your confidence in the launch so far? And of course, over the next few months to quarters, what kind of metrics do you believe will become meaningful and that you might plan to share? And maybe just your overall longer term goals for that PPD launch and your general interest in the psychiatry space would be interesting to hear as well. I really appreciate the question.
Chris Viehbacher: Sure. Thanks, stunt double. We -- so there are a number of things that I think are quite encouraging. One is our initial target has been high-prescribing psychiatrists in this space as well as OB-GYNs. And one of the things that we were wondering about is, are the OB-GYNs really going to be willing to prescribe? And so one of the encouraging signs is that they in fact are doing so. So we're seeing quite a high percentage of the prescriptions coming from them. Another has been, I think, as I mentioned earlier, that payers have really wanted to ensure access to patients, and I'm quite thankful to them. I think Medicaid, for example, where 40% of births occur, have moved very quickly on that in a number of states. And some of the large -- at least one of the large commercial insurers is moving much quicker than we expected as well. So I think the reimbursement is a key statistic. Now, personally, I'm interested in knowing how many patients are treatment-naive versus people who have been on treatment. What is interesting is, is there a warehousing effect here as well? There's been an awful lot of media coverage. The product was approved in July. We were not able to launch because of the DEA inspection until the very end of 2023. So what we don't know is, are we seeing a bolus of patients come in because these are patients physicians have been following for some time who've been identified as being particularly important to have ZURZUVAE. So I think we'll need to see a little bit more data about who are the patients and where are they coming from, but as I say, so far, we're running for the first month. I mean, we're certainly doing much better than what we had anticipated. And we'll give you another update at Q1. We'll sit with Sage sometime in March to look at the data and say, what do we see as some of the trends. But so far so good.
Chuck Triano: Great. Thanks, Chris. And that will conclude our call. Appreciate you all joining us today.
Operator: That concludes today's call. We appreciate your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2023 Q3  (2023-11-08 08:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning. My name is Ally and I'll be your conference operator today. At this time, I'd like to welcome everyone to the Biogen Third Quarter 2023 Earnings Call and Business Update. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions]. Today's conference is being recorded. Thank you. I would now like to turn the conference over to Mr. Chuck Triano, Head of Investor Relations. Mr. Triano, you may begin your conference.
Chuck Triano: Thank you, Ally. Good morning and welcome to Biogen's third quarter 2023 earnings call. Before we begin, I'll remind you that the earnings released and related financial tables including our GAAP financial measures and a reconciliation of the GAAP to non-GAAP financial measures that we will discuss today are located in the Investors section of biogen.com.. Our GAAP financials are provided in tables 1 and 2, and table 4 includes a reconciliation of our GAAP to non-GAAP financial results. We believe non-GAAP financial results better represent the ongoing economics of our business and reflect how we manage the business internally.  We have also posted slides on our website that follow the discussion related to this call. I would like to point out that we will be making forward-looking statements, which are based on our expectations. These statements are subject to certain risks and uncertainties and our actual results may differ materially. I encourage you to consult the risk factors discussed in our SEC filings for additional detail. So, on today's call, I'm joined by our President and Chief Executive Officer, Chris Viehbacher; Dr. Priya Singhal, Head of Development; and our CFO, Mike McDonnell. Chris, Priya, and Mike will each make some opening comments and then we'll move to the Q&A session. And to allow us to get through as many questions as possible, we kindly ask that you limit yourself to one question. I will now turn the call over to Chris.
Christopher Viehbacher: Thank you very much, Chuck. Good morning, all. I think we released a very good set of results this morning ahead of expectations. But of course, we're all too consciously aware that really what most of you are interested in is where's Biogen going.  To that end, we outlined five priorities that we believed we needed to achieve to put Biogen in a position to be able to grow again sustainably. I think in the first nine months of the year, we've made an awful lot of progress. And indeed, I would say, the third quarter was a particularly busy quarter.  To remind you all what those priorities were really was to focus our teams and our resources on new product launches. And that is a little easier said than done. We're a company that has a long heritage in the treatment of multiple sclerosis. And teams get very passionate about patient outcomes and working with physicians and to move them to new areas does require a concerted effort.  The other thing we wanted to do is to stabilize and grow again, those existing products that still have market exclusivity for a significant period of time, notably VUMERITY and SPINRAZA.  The third thing was to really look at our cost base. Although we had a relatively mature product portfolio, we had one of the higher OpEx to sales ratios among our peer group. And we needed to address that. But more than that, we needed to really reallocate our resources.  Fourth was to really look at our research and development pipeline, particularly for the longer term growth outlook. We have really taken a deep dive into research and development, looked at those products, projects that perhaps no longer fulfil their original target product profile, where the practice of medicine had changed, where the probability of success had changed. And we have terminated those programs, so that we can focus on those assets that we think have the most promise. And I think we have a number of those, any one of which could actually meaningfully add to our longer term growth.  And the final thing was, we said right at the outset, we were interested in external growth. We always knew that the LEQEMBI launch was going to be a gradual launch. We always knew that. Also, even the zuranolone launch was an unconventional launch. And to derisk that profile, we wanted to look at external growth. And of course, we've been able to do that.  So as I look at where we are, in the third quarter, we actually had  LEQEMBI was the first anti-amyloid antibody to receive traditional approval for early Alzheimer's disease.  ZURZUVAE was a mixed bag. We got an important indication with postpartum depression. But of course, we missed on the major depressive disorder. As expected, we've received Schedule IV listing from the DEA.  And we also had QALSODY approved for treating a genetic cause of ALS. This is not necessarily a product that is going to be of interest to many of you from the revenue potential. But scientifically, this is a major milestone and validating the biomarker neurofilament, I think, will enable so many researchers to find further treatments for ALS and perhaps other diseases.  As I noted, we closed the acquisition of Reata Pharmaceuticals, and that gives us a whole new growth opportunity. SKYCLARYS is off to a very strong launch, and we'll talk about that in a minute. But it also builds out our rare disease portfolio. As you know, we are trying to move into some adjacencies just given the risk of the neurological conditions that we have tended to focus on. And rare diseases has been a logical place for us to go. Biogen has been very successful with the launch of SPINRAZA and we think we can do the same with SKYCLARYS.  And as I mentioned earlier, we had the Fit for Growth program, and this wasn't just about cost reduction because we do want to reinvest some of that, but we really needed to simplify the organizational structure, to empower the organization more, and move more of the decision making closer to markets and customers. We have ended up taking an entire layer enterprise-wide out of the organization and, in some parts of the organization, even two layers of that.  So we do think those cost savings will add meaningfully to our earnings per share as we look forward. But I'm also looking forward to a significant change culturally and how we allocate capital and the agility and the ability to take decisions in the organization.  Can I move to the next slide, please? So let's talk about LEQEMBI, a subject I'm sure all of you are very interested in. We have always guided that this was going to be a gradual launch. And we know that partly from the ADUHELM experience, but also just from the fundamentals of what we're doing.  This is a product that needs to be administered within a treatment process or care network. And those care networks did not exist at the time of the launch. So they have to be built. And doing that requires actually quite a significant change to the work patterns within clinics. And whilst IDMs and clinics are working really hard to put these in place, it, of course, takes time.  And I think a terrific example of that is the announcement recently by the Cleveland Clinic. We all know that the Cleveland Clinic is one of the most widely respected medical centers anywhere in the world. And they recently announced that they had just infused their first patient with LEQEMBI months after the approval. And I think that just speaks to the complexity that we're dealing with. And in a lot of ways, we not only are pioneering science, we're pioneering this this commercial approach.  So, of course, we have an aim of getting to 10,000 patients by the end of March. We're at 800 now. What gives us the confidence that we think we can get there? I think we have a number of greenshoots here, signs of progress.  The first is, as we look at our internal metrics of intent to treat and patient demand, we are seeing all of those things progress extremely nicely. The FDA not only provided traditional approval, but CMS actually moved very quickly, the day of traditional approval, as they promised. They actually have provided reimbursement and the patient registry has so far from what we hear from the market and been relatively easy to use.  We had some confusion around the reimbursement of amyloid PET. And CMS has clarified that. Now, of course, it's going to take a little time for that to flow down through to the max. But I think that will also relieve some of the confusion out there.  I think one of the most interesting things is we've got 60% of the top 100 targeted IDMs now having P&T approval. And one of the things that really gives me a lot of inspiration is usually these P&T committees meet twice a year, but a number of them actually have organized special meetings just for LEQEMBI and not wait until the next meeting. And that says to me that there's a recognition of the importance of this treatment and being able to get patients on treatment.  So where do we also go from here? Remember, a year ago from here, there was still skepticism about whether reducing amyloid plaque would really have a benefit. And it wasn't really till the CLARITY study was finally presented at CTAD last year that we really had, for the first time, clear compelling evidence of the benefit of removing these amyloid plaques.  And now of course, we can go and say, all right, that's tremendous. But why is that so tremendous? Well, for years, we've been trying to develop antibodies, and those antibodies failed. And that's what gave rise to the skepticism. Which were the right patients? Which was the right antibody that was going to get the right amount of drug into the brain? And LEQEMBI is really the first one to show that clear, compelling evidence that that has occurred.  Now, of course, we all want to get fancy. And that's where we're going. And we just had CTAD this year and think about what we've just done. We are generating more data to really demonstrate the benefit of this treatment. We've seen, for instance, that the subcutaneous treatment is going to work, that we have comparability with the infusion, and this means so much for the convenience of patients.  But this is no mean task either. Others have tried to do this. How do you get enough drug through the muscle tissue and into the brain? That has been achieved and is a major milestone. We've been looking at maintenance dosing. What happens when you've cleared the plaque? Does the plaque come back? Well, we have 24 months data now that shows a lot of benefit of staying on treatment. Then the question is still who's the right patient. And data were shown with early stage patients with low levels of tau. And those are fascinating data. We had 76% of those patients stable over the course of measurement.  And very intriguing and very interesting. We actually saw with 60% of those patients that we actually saw some clinical benefit, as measured by the CDR sum of boxes, completely unexpected. That generated an awful lot of discussion at CTAD.  So now, of course, we're also looking at executing on geographic expansion. We've had the recent approval of Japan and I'm traveling to Japan early in the new year to be with my friend and colleague, the CEO of Eisai to launch LEQEMBI in Japan. And of course, we've got global filings under review in the EU, China and 10 other markets.  So this is one where we're going to have to be patient, but all the signs are green at this moment. And for us, internally, we see a launch that is on track. But as we've always said, there's no real analogues. And every month, we learn something new. If I could move to the next slide, please, Chuck. Now, let's talk about SKYCLARYS, something that is much different. And as you know, we now have 1,180 start forms to date, with about 860 patients actually on drug. When we look at all of the known analogues, we're actually exceeding all of those, including SPINRAZA at the same point in time.  Now, we have to be a little cautious because we all know that there would likely have been a number of patients ready and waiting by physicians. And I think that was even more of the case because, you may recall, that the product was actually approved in the spring, but then delayed for a couple of months due to a technical and temporary challenge on supply. And so, I think there was an anticipation.  Nonetheless, there's a very strong desire to see this product come. And we're actually seeing a lot of requests from countries around the world to make SKYCLARYS available. And that just speaks to I think the understanding that this is the very first treatment that has ever been approved for Friedrich's ataxia. This is an incredibly debilitating disease that affects so many young people right in the prime of their life. And so, it's extremely important that they benefit from that.  We had about $43 million of sales in the third quarter. One of the things that we are now working on and I think this is where Biogen can really add value is why is there 1,180 on start forms and 860 on drugs?  Well, there are a number of things. Trying to get reimbursement, you need genetic tests, we need to measure your liver enzymes before you go on the product. And one of the differences from SPINRAZA is that they're not all incentives. They could be out there in in primary care, physician care. And Biogen is well equipped to do that. We are used to providing genetic tests. We don't worry about the reimbursement. We provide those. We have mobile labs, so that we can help patients who are not there to major medical centers to get, for instance, the lab enzymes done. And also, we know how to pull through these start forms and navigate the difficult reimbursement situation.  So I think not only is there an advantage for Biogen in getting this important medicine to patients around the world, but I think even in the United States, we can actually make this more rapidly available to patients.  So with that, I'll turn it over to Priya.
Priya Singhal : Thank you, Chris. This was an exciting quarter for Biogen's development organization with the approval of ZURZUVAE in postpartum depression, as well as important new data presented for LEQEMBI and our tau-targeting ASO, BIIB080, two programs we believe that are critical to expanding Biogen's leadership in Alzheimer's disease.  Starting with LEQEMBI, at CTAD last month, Eisai presented new data on a subcutaneous formulation of LEQEMBI. We believe the interim results at six months showed that subcutaneous LEQEMBI was comparable to the IV formulation on the basis of drug exposure as assessed by area [Technical Difficulty] as well as amyloid plaque removal.  In terms of safety, we believe the timing, frequency and severity of ARIA-E was similar across IV and subcutaneous formulations. Additionally, overall the incidence rate of systemic reactions with subcutaneous LEQEMBI was also lower with mild symptoms, as compared to first time LEQEMBI IV treated patients from the CLARITY AD core study.  We believe these results further support the intent to develop subcutaneous formulation of LEQEMBI and, if approved, may allow for greater patient access, improved compliance and convenience.  We've made significant progress in our understanding of the potential clinical benefit that is associated with amyloid removal in Alzheimer's disease. However, there are still very many key questions remaining on how to maximize the clinical benefit with these agents, including when to begin treatment.  We believe the differentiated and straightforward design of the CLARITY AD study allowing entry of Alzheimer's patients with confirmed amyloid pathology, but low tau burden allows us to gain additional insights into the clinical profile of LEQEMBI across various stages of Alzheimer's disease.  The data show that in the low tau sub population, which represents the earliest stages of early AD, 76% of patients showed no decline and 60% showed clinical improvement at 18 months, as assessed by CDR sum of boxes compared to 55% and 28% for placebo, respectively. We are very encouraged by these results.  A second key question for the field is what happens when you continue treating after amyloid plaques have been removed? And why would this be beneficial? We believe that dual-acting LEQEMBI continues to support brain neuron function by also removing soluble, highly toxic protofibrils that can cause neuronal injury and death even after plaque removal. Therefore, with LEQEMBI, we believe there is a potential for longer term treatment to sustain or further the clinical benefit observed within the initial plaque removal phase.  In terms of data supporting this potential benefit, when examining the 24-month data from the CLARITY AD core study and the open label extension, we see a potential clinical benefit from continuing to treat with LEQEMBI. Specifically, the separation in CDR sum of boxes between the group that continue to receive LEQEMBI or the early start group and the group who switched from placebo to LEQEMBI, the delayed start group, was maintained during the six month open label extension following the core study, suggesting a disease modifying effect.  The clinical benefit observed in the early start group at 24 months is further supported by the comparison against participants from the ADNI observational natural history cohort that was selected to match the baseline demographics and clinical characteristics of the CLARITY AD population.  Additionally, while the delayed start LEQEMBI cohort does not catch up to the early start group, we do believe a potential slowing of decline with six months of LEQEMBI treatment as compared to the ADNI cohort at the 24 month time point.  We believe the totality of these data support both the importance of initiating treatment early as well as the durability of effect observed with continued LEQEMBI treatment. As we aim to provide options for patients, Eisai is currently evaluating maintenance dosing or every four-week LEQEMBI dosing after the removal of plaque and plans to submit a regulatory filing by the end of Q1 2024.  Also, at CTAD, Biogen presented new data from the Phase 1b study of our antisense oligonucleotide targeting tau. In the new results in the small study for patients treated with the two highest doses of BIIB080, we observed favorable trends on multiple exploratory endpoints of cognition and function as assessed by the CDR sum of boxes, MMSE and functional activities questionnaire when compared to the baseline matched external controls at week 100. These findings build upon previously reported results from the BIIB080 Phase 1b showing strong target engagement in the CSF and a reduction in the brain tau pathology as measured by tau PET.  Biomarker data from the placebo control period and long term extension phase of this study were just recently published in JAMA Neurology. Viewed as an underlying pathology of Alzheimer's disease, tau has long been an area of focus in Alzheimer's drug development. While many prior attempts using monoclonal antibodies have failed, we now see from the Phase 1b study of an [Technical Difficulty] a convergence of evidence across soluble biomarkers, tau PET, and exploratory clinical measures suggesting a link between the reduction in tau pathology and potential clinical benefit.  As a reminder, our tau targeting ASO is a completely new mechanism, which unlike the antibodies is designed to reduce production of all forms of tau, including both intracellular and extracellular species. One clear challenge that we saw with antibodies was their inability to target intracellular species.  We believe these results, while early, are encouraging and we are excited to be enrolling the Phase 2 CELIA study of BIIB080 in early AD.  Over the last few months, I have spoken about our efforts to reprioritize Biogen's development pipeline in an effort to optimize R&D value and productivity. This presented us with an opportunity to take a fresh look at our pipeline, and identify areas where we believe we have both sufficient expertise and confidence in the science as well as our ability to deliver meaningful new treatments to patients, while prioritizing resources accordingly. This starts with Alzheimer's where we believe we have demonstrated scientific leadership and are taking steps to build long term impact.  This includes first working with Eisai on several initiatives aimed at differentiating LEQEMBI and providing options to patients. Second, continuing to advance our ASO targeting tau as well as preclinical programs that span different molecular targets and approaches across the Alzheimer's disease biology.  Lastly, continuing to deliver new insights on Alzheimer's disease biology and long term treatment with anti-amyloid antibodies. On this point, at CTAD, we also presented new data from aducanumab, including new data from the EMERGE long term extension and the EMBARK redosing study. We believe these findings can help support the field's understanding of the potential long term treatment benefits associated with anti-amyloid antibodies.  Beyond Alzheimer's disease, we have multiple near-term inflection points across various programs and therapeutic areas over the next year. This includes regulatory outcomes for LEQEMBI in several geographies, as well as regulatory outcomes for other products. In addition, we have important readouts for BIIB105 in ALS, BIIB121 in Angelman syndrome, and dapirolizumab pegol in SLE, all expected mid-year 2024.  Combined with the long term potential of programs like litifilimab, our homegrown asset currently being evaluated in two Phase 3 studies for SLE and a Phase 2/3 study for CLE, we believe our pipeline has the potential to support Biogen's return to sustainable growth. And with our partners on the research and business development teams, we continue to evaluate external opportunities.  I will now pass the call over to Mike.
Michael McDonnell: Thank you, Priya. Good morning, everyone. I'm going to provide some highlights and color regarding our financial performance for the third quarter of 2023. And all the financial comparisons that you'll hear are versus the third quarter of 2022.  Total revenue for the third quarter was $2.5 billion. That's an increase of 1% at actual currency and 3% at constant currency. Non-GAAP diluted EPS in the third quarter was $4.36.  Total MS product revenue was $1.2 billion. That's a decrease of 14% at actual currency and 12% at constant currency. And that decline is primarily attributable to generic entrants for TECFIDERA, as well as broad competition in the MS market.  I would like to provide a few updates to the MS business this quarter. First, in Europe, we continue to see that some generics have not yet fully exited some of the EU markets, and we do believe that there may still be some generic product remaining in the channel. The pace of generic withdrawal has been slower than we expected, but we continue to closely monitor the situation and are working to enforce our legal rights to market protection.  TYSABRI biosimilar was approved in the US and EU which we had previously assumed. At this point, we are not expecting a launch this year, but we are aware that there are plans to launch a biosimilar in the first half of 2024. Biogen still has patents relating to TYSABRI and we will continue to enforce our IP.  VUMERITY was a bright spot in the third quarter. We did see revenue increase 20%. That was driven primarily by global patient growth. However, we are seeing continued effects from both pricing pressure and an overall contraction of the oral segment of the market in the United States.  Next, global SPINRAZA revenue of $448 million increased 4% at actual currency and 7% at constant currency. The 7% growth that we saw included 7% growth in the US as well. And that was driven by patient growth. While outside the US, SPINRAZA benefited from the timing of shipments in certain markets. We continue to be encouraged by the performance of SPINRAZA the past few quarters and continue to believe that we're making good progress against our goal of returning SPINRAZA to consistent growth over time.  Biosimilars with a third quarter revenue of $194 million increased 4% at actual currency and 7% at constant currency.  During the third quarter, we updated how we present commercialization expenses incurred within the LEQEMBI collaboration. Our 50% portion of LEQEMBI net product revenue and cost of sales, which includes royalties, will continue to be classified as a component of revenue.  Now, Biogen's 50% share of all global commercialization sales and marketing expenses for the LEQEMBI collaboration will be presented in the SG&A expense line and will no longer be presented as a reduction to revenue.  During the third quarter of 2023, we reclassified approximately $39 million of commercial collaboration costs from the first and second quarters of 2023 to reflect this change in presentation. These costs were moved out of the revenue line and into the SG&A expense line, resulting in a $39 million increase to both revenue and SG&A for the third quarter with no bottom line impact.  This change in presentation does not affect any of our agreements with Eisai and we continue to share LEQEMBI collaboration revenue and commercialization expenses 50/50. This change will allow us to be more transparent in our reporting, and it's consistent with how some others in our industry report collaborations. This change will have no impact to Biogen's bottom line.  As Eisai reported in-market product revenue for LEQEMBI in the third quarter was approximately $2 million, our anti-CD20 revenue was $421 million, and that included $11 million operating loss related to Lunsumio.  Contract manufacturing royalty and other revenue of $304 million was notably higher year-over-year and that was driven mainly by the timing of batches and it also includes the reclassified $39 million, which I just mentioned.  A couple of things to note regarding the third quarter expenses. Third quarter non-GAAP cost of sales was 26% of total revenue, and that includes $35 million of idle capacity charges.  Cost of sales as a percentage of revenue continues to be impacted by product mix, and in particular this quarter increases in contract manufacturing revenue. Third quarter non-GAAP R&D expense includes approximately $44 million related to our portion of the LEQEMBI collaboration and approximately $37 million in close-out costs related to the EMBARK trial for ADUHELM.  Third quarter non-GAAP SG&A expense includes approximately $82 million related to our portion of the LEQEMBI collaboration and that includes the previously mentioned reclassification of $39 million in collaboration costs from the first and second quarters of 2023 from revenue to SG&A expense.  As compared to the prior year, the decrease in third quarter non-GAAP SG&A expense was driven by approximately $100 million in cost savings initiatives, partially offset by an increase in commercialization expense for LEQEMBI and ZURZUVAE as well as the $39 million reclassification that I just mentioned.  Next, a few brief comments on our balance sheet. We ended the quarter with $2.3 billion in cash and marketable securities and $7.3 billion in debt. And that puts us in a net debt position of approximately $5 billion.  Even though these figures include the majority of the payments related to the close of the Reata transaction, it is important to note that we expect to utilize an additional approximately $1.3 billion of cash for outstanding payment obligations related to the transaction. And that should occur in the fourth quarter.  We do continue to generate steady positive cash flow from operations and generated $518 million of free cash flow during the third quarter. In the coming quarters, we will be utilizing a portion of our cash flow to pay down some of the newly acquired $1 billion of short term debt that we use to partially fund the Reata transaction.  Next, I'd like to provide an update to our full year 2023 financial guidance which takes into consideration three key recent events. One is the completed acquisition of Reata. Second is the regulatory approval for ZURZUVAE in postpartum depression. And the third is the modification that we made to our presentation of the LEQEMBI expenses.  We're updating our full year 2023 revenue guidance to a low single-digit percentage decline. And that is an improvement from our previous guidance, which was a mid-single-digit decline. And that's of course compared to full year 2022 reported results. This is primarily driven by the update to how we present LEQEMBI commercial expenses which are no longer presented as a reduction to revenue.  We are also updating and narrowing our full year 2023 non-GAAP diluted earnings per share guidance to be between $14.50 and $15. As we have previously noted, the acquisition of Reata will be slightly dilutive to our 2023 non-GAAP EPS with an expected impact of approximately $0.75.  Much of this impact comes from financing the transaction which affects our operating income and expense line, including incremental interest expense [Technical Difficulty] a significant decrease in interest income. Absent this impact from the Reata transaction, our EPS guidance would be narrowed to $15.25 to $15.75. And that's consistent with the midpoint of our previous guidance.  Further for 2023, we expect some incremental OpEx associated with the Reata acquisition. And that will be largely offset by decreased spending for ZURZUVAE as we prepare to launch in the PPD indication. We also expect some savings from our Fit for Growth program in 2023.  Looking forward to 2024, it is very important to note that as a result of the Reata transaction, we will have approximately $6 billion less in cash that was generating interest income at approximately 5% as well as an incremental $1 billion in debt at a blended rate of approximately 6.7%.  I'd also note that, for the full year 2023, we've absorbed a headwind of approximately $0.30 to EPS due to currency fluctuations. And this is a dynamic that we're watching very closely for 2024. I'd offer that we estimate every $0.01 change in the euro versus the US dollar has a roughly $18 million impact to our P&L. I'd also refer you to our press release for other important guidance assumptions.  Finally, a brief update on our Fit for Growth cost savings initiative. I'd start by reiterating that the program maintains the target of approximately $1 billion in gross savings by 2025 as compared to full year 2023.  Since we first announced the program, we have not made any changes to our planned level of reinvestment other than the acquisition of Reata and the regulatory approval for ZURZUVAE in PPD only, neither of which were included in our original assumption. The expected impact of Reata and ZURZUVAE to the original program is approximately a net decrease in the expected reinvestment of $100 million. Or said differently, we now expect an additional $100 million in net savings, so the original $700 million in expected net savings increases to approximately $800 million.  I would also just highlight that these figures do not include the impact of the LEQEMBI commercial spend, which will now be reflected in our SG&A line and will of course continue to ramp up as commercial activity and sales increase.  And I'd also like to point out that as before, the expense estimates presented today did not contemplate any incremental business development or any transactions related to the biosimilars business and they assume continued R&D spend on ADUHELM through at least 2025.  I'm going to now turn the call back to Chris for some closing remarks.
Christopher Viehbacher: Thank you, Mike. So we're already into 2024 in our AOP planning. And as we look to next year, we actually we have a number of milestones, which is nice to see. As I mentioned earlier, we have an EMA decision on LEQEMBI in the EU and in China. We'll have a decision on SKYCLARYS in the EU and QALSODY in the EU, all in the first half of next year. We intend to have two more important regulatory submissions, one for the subcu formulation and also for the IV maintenance dosings, both for LEQEMBI.  And then finally, we're actually starting to see some development readouts in the pipeline. We expect the dapirolizumab Phase 3 in SLE in the new year. We have our ASO for sporadic ALS, reading out on a Phase 1/2. A Phase 1 in Angelman syndrome. And of course with Sage, the SAGE-324 program in essential tremor. So I think we'll have a number of interesting news points for next year.  And with that, Chuck, I think we can turn it over for questions. 
Chuck Triano : Thank you, Chris. Ally, can we please poll for questions? Thank you.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. And our first question comes from the line of Salveen Richter with Goldman Sachs.
Salveen Richter: Just on the Reata assets here. Now with the acquisition closed and the launch progressing well, could you just give us your thoughts around key near term value drivers including the launch trajectory, the EMA approval outlook for early next year, and then expansion into the pediatric population? 
Christopher Viehbacher: Actually, when you look at SPINRAZA, SPINRAZA is a good analog. One of the nice things about the rare disease space is that we tend not to be so US centric. So when you look at SPINRAZA sales, it's broadly, not quite, but it's roughly a third, a third, a third between the US, EU and then the international area. And we expect the same really for SKYCLARYS. So we do expect significant value to come out of both EU, but also in Latin America, perhaps some in the Middle East, Turkey, obviously, for genetic reasons. There is none in the Asia region. But we do know that there are quite a few patients, for instance, in Brazil and in Argentina. So we are accelerating our efforts to file for approval in Latin America.  On the EU, you never want to try to predict entirely the regulators. We have to respect their decision  ability to make a decision till the end. But everything we've seen so far doesn't really change anything in our view of the probability of this being approved in the in the EU. And that represented, as you may remember, at the time of the transaction, we estimate about a third of the value of the transaction.  And then the pediatric study, we are in discussion with regulators. That will be actually quite important because there are a number of patients who start to become diagnosed as early as five or six years old, but certainly in that 8 to 10 year old timeframe. So it's quite important that we get the pediatric study underway. 
Operator: And our next question comes from Brian Abrams from RBC Capital. We moved on next to Geoff Meacham from Bank of America.
Geoff Meacham: Just had one on LEQEMBI maintenance? When we think about the strategy, I guess the question is, do you have regulatory color on a separate maintenance claim, just given the emphasis on plaque reduction initially? And related to that, would there have to be an additional level of evidence when you think about maintenance with respect to CMS reimbursement?
Priya Singhal: With regards to maintenance, what I can tell you is that Eisai has communicated that  as you know, we're getting it every four weeks. This is with the intravenous infusion. And this data is expected to be filed by Q1 2024. I won't be able to comment on what it would lead to in terms of indication and such. But we are preparing the data for a potential filing.
Operator: Next we'll go back to Brian Abrahams with RBC Capital Markets.
Brian Abrahams: Congrats on all the progress. So coming out of CTAD on subcu LEQEMBI, I realize FDA discussions are still to be had. But can you maybe help us understand your latest thinking as to what's likely to be required for approval? How much, if any, additional patient data do you think you might need to generate at a dose you might go forward with? Might you expect to be able to file for a lower dose based on PK modeling? And maybe you could confirm whether additional patients who are still seeing  flow through the trials there are still seeing exposure below the 125% upper bound? 
Priya Singhal: We are encouraged with the subcutaneous interim data that we shared and Eisai shared at CTAD. Just stepping back, the subcutaneous study was a sub study in the open label extension for CLARITY AD. The patient population that was treatment nave and where we were really assessing the PK/PD, which was the PK parameters, as well as the PD outcome of amyloid plaque reduction, was a subset of 72 patients. And in addition, the study was set up to gather safety and tolerability in an additional 324 subjects. So the total study population was 394.  And what we shared was that we believe that the subcutaneous formulation showed comparability and bioequivalence with the intravenous formulation, and it was between the confidence intervals of 80% and 125% of exposure.  What we also noted was that the overall area under the curve was about 11% higher with subcutaneous. And we also noted that there was a 14% increased plaque reduction at the six-month time point. So these are kind of the observations that we have from the data. We have had prior regulatory discussions. And we're now embarking upon additional meetings with the FDA to share the data with them and discuss next steps.  So at this point, that's where we are. The plan is, as communicated by Eisai, to file for a BLA by Q1 2024. And that's really the update.  Eisai has also commented potentially on a maintenance subcutaneous formulation and filing, but that is much later in the 2025 timeframe. So that's where we are right now. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. We're going to take our next question from Terence Flynn from Morgan Stanley. I apologize. We're next going to now go to Robyn Karnauskas from Truist Securities.
Robyn Karnauskas: I just want to get a sense of how you think about duration of therapy given your maintenance data. How should we think about modeling how long people might be on drug at this point with the knowledge that you have for LEQEMBI?
Christopher Viehbacher: Why don't you start with that, Priya, and then I can finish maybe from a commercial point of view?
Priya Singhal: Just stepping back, as we think about the Alzheimer's disease progression, we know that patients actually have plaque reduction. But we have data from several sources now, LEQEMBI, ADUHELM and others that show that while plaque reaccumulates slowly at a rate of about 3% to 4% based on current understanding annually, the biomarkers actually reflecting disease progression continue to accumulate as soon as patients are off drug, at least with LEQEMBI and ADUHELM. And this is based on the A 42 to 40 ratio, but also other pathological biomarkers.  We've also shown most recently at CTAD that actually continuing patients on the 24 month  and we showed data on that, which I also shared in my prepared remarks, we saw that while patients who were on placebo during CLARITY AD study at 18 months and then transitioned onto drug in the open label extension, they never really caught up with the what we call the early start cohort. However, they maintained their difference with the early start, which we believe is a disease modifying effect.  And then finally, when we superimpose that with the ADNI data and the natural history data, we see that the patients who even start at 18 months actually maintain some level of stabilization on drugs.  So all these areas of evidence point us to the fact that really continuing drugs at this point [Technical Difficulty] is going to be important. You're absolutely right that I think we are still evaluating what is the right frequency and for how long. And that is what the maintenance sub study, which is part of the Phase 2 open label extension is evaluating. And that's the data that we are gathering. But we believe that drug will need to be continued for a certain period of time, and patients will need to be monitored.
Christopher Viehbacher: More broadly, I would say  I've heard many neurologists say we used to think of Alzheimer's disease as a four to eight year disease, largely beginning with the onset of symptoms. With what we know now, a lot of them are saying we're thinking about this in 25 year terms. We know that patients start to accumulate plaques long before they have symptoms.  And as Priya just said that even after you remove the plaques, there seems to be some benefit in continuing therapy. And as we think about that commercially, first, we have this AHEAD study that has launched looking at pre-symptomatic patients. It also raises the importance of blood based biomarkers because that's the only way we're going to be able to detect and diagnose, or at least triage patients initially at an earlier stage.  And of course, that's where the subcu formulation also becomes important. Because if we are thinking of people staying on drug for longer, and I'm certainly not suggesting 25 years, but this could be a much longer period, certainly than the 18 months, and therefore the convenience of a subcu formulation is even more important.  So we are learning every day. I think we saw that at CTAD. We understand increasingly the importance of early treatment. We're seeing the importance of staying or the benefit of potentially staying on treatment. And so, that has all kinds of commercial implications and how we do more studies and develop different formulations. And it's actually quite exciting. 
Operator: We're next going to Umer Raffat from Evercore. 
Umer Raffat: I wanted to focus on lecanemab subcu. And, Priya, I think you mentioned two things. One that there's a subcu maintenance filing, which is separate, which could be in 2025. Could you confirm if the dose is lower if it's a single shot instead of two? And also, the FDA interactions on subcu that you mentioned, are they a follow up to previously agreed upon trial design for subcu? Or do you think you need clarity whether plaque reduction alone will suffice for filing? 
Priya Singhal: First of all, I think on the maintenance subcu, that is really a much later potential evaluation and filing. So I won't be able to comment further on that, specifically with regards to dose because we first need to evaluate IV maintenance and that is really the next milestone that's on the docket here.  And then going back to your other question of what is the purpose of the FDA regulatory meeting, so maybe just stepping back, Eisai has had a number of meetings with FDA prior to the launch of the subcutaneous open label extension sub study that I spoke about and from CLARITY AD.  And so, what we do know is that we do need to show bioequivalence on both PK and then we need to show comparability on plaque reduction. And based on the six month data that we just shared, and Eisai spoke to at CTAD, we believe we have achieved that. And so that's the first part.  The second part is with that  because we have an 11% increase with overall AUC, area under the curve, exposure and 14% increased plaque removal, at the six month time point, does that result in a different dose? I think that that is really a matter of discussion, and we would have to discuss that with the FDA. So can't really comment more on that. But most importantly, I think the goal here was to show bioequivalence, which we believe we have achieved.
Operator: And next we'll go to Michael Yee with Jefferies. 
Michael Yee: I wanted to come back to a topic on the AHEAD 3-45 study. I believe that your partner, Eisai, commented there could be an interim analysis based on 400 patients and biomarkers. I notice that it's been enrolling for a while, but maybe it just sort of is picking up steam. Can you just maybe talk a little bit about the progress of that study, how you see that study and the status of patients getting in? 
Priya Singhal: What I can tell you is that it's a very important part  the AHEAD 3-45 study is a very important part of the overall development plan for LEQEMBI as an anti-amyloid agent. And the reason for that, I think Chris mentioned it as well just a few minutes ago, that we know that plaque builds up  amyloid plaque builds up for many years. And then there's sort of a shift where tau tangles start appearing. And then you have the appearance of symptoms.  So, over the last several years, there's been a lot of work on clinical staging and such. And we know that the anti-amyloid agents that are currently like  just like LEQEMBI, which is really the only one with traditional approval, is targeting mild cognitive impairment  patients with mild cognitive impairment as well as mild dementia. But these patients already have symptoms and potentially a burden of doubt.  The purpose of AHEAD 3-45 is to look at different levels of amyloid plaque in patients who do not have symptoms, and see whether the addition of an anti-amyloid agent like LEQEMBI can alter the costs of disease. So that's really the overarching aim of a study like AHEAD 3-45. It's a very large study. As you can imagine, it's hard to find the patients. But we are very pleased with the progress that the study is making.  And as Eisai commented very recently, there is the potential to do an interim analysis and think about whether other regulatory pathways are open with interim data. But we haven't really commented beyond that. These remain possibilities, but I think it will depend on how well we do with the recruitment and what the goals of eventual patient access are. 
Operator: And next, we'll go to Terence Flynn with Morgan Stanley.
Terence Flynn: Just a two part for me. Just was wondering if you can provide any more detail on the breadth of prescribing for LEQEMBI? I know you give us the 800 patient number. But if you look at how many centers that's across, that would be helpful.  And then I know you made some comments on some progress on the MAC coverage. Any more details on the timelines there for when we might get broader coverage at the MAC level? I know there's a couple of MACs already covering, but anything there would be helpful. Thank you.
Christopher Viehbacher: Terence, I don't have any real update on the MACs. There's, I think, what, a dozen of them and they're at various stages. I think by the time that's more  that most of them have got there, I think there's an assumption that that takes anywhere from 60 to 90 days to get through. So towards the end of the year. On coverage, it's one of the most interesting things is really just the diversity of situations that we see. I talked to some physicians in some major medical centers. They've got the protocol, they've got the treatments, they're putting patients through on a regular basis. But I've been talking to some major medical centers. You might think they've got this all handled, and they're still thinking about these protocols. And it's protocols around what's the right profile of the patient to put in this. There is a teamwork approach on this. And so, people have to connect on that. For some of the IDMs, they have all of the elements, but they have to connect internally with their MRI centers with the infusion centers.  So it's a little hard to give you a broad brush. I would say, every day, we are finding more and more patients, obviously, getting through the course. We are looking upstream at a number of indicators because really revenue is a lagging indicator between  even when we start looking at registry results, it's somewhere between four to six weeks before we actually see those patients going on drug. But some of those timelines are changing constantly. So it's a pretty moving process here. It's just  every day changes.  That's where, at some point, we get enough momentum, we get enough of these barriers cleared. One of the biggest is still the getting an appointment with a neurologist. And that's where I think we're looking at what can we do with blood based biomarkers, which are now available not obviously to replace PET scans or MRIs, but can we use them to triage patients, so that those who actually get into a neurology clinic are the ones who are already eligible.  So there's an awful lot of thinking right on the fly as we learn from this experience. Again, this is really one where there's  there aren't really great analogs. I know some people try to suggest the CAR T approach. And while that is also a product in a process, the volumes  the scale of this is much different. And we're not obviously anywhere near as complex as a CAR T approach.  So for us, there's not really any analogues we can do. And so, we're learning on the fly as we go along. But like I say, every day brings progress. And all of the indicators are in green so far, and it is really just getting enough critical mass now of all the centers who've got these care networks and care pathways in place.
Operator: And next, we're going to go to Paul Matteis from Stifel.
Paul Matteis: Chris, you just mentioned getting an appointment with neurologists. And then earlier in the call, you talked about the registry requirement not being as much of a challenge. I wanted to ask about the other components of the infrastructure here with LEQEMBI, IVs, PET scans and MRIs? How would you rank order these components of the equation as it relates to most and least challenging for centers to navigate? And how do you envision this kind of whole infrastructure network looking by saying next summer? 
Christopher Viehbacher: The situation is a little heterogeneous. It's not quite the same situation in every center. But I would say, based on what we know today, I do think there's clearly, at the moment, the need to get an appointment with a neurologist. The reality is that there weren't that many patients already in neurology practices. They tend to be in PCP practices. And the neurology practices  neurologists were already busy. And we have quite a volume of patients now to put through those neurology practices and a lot of them are realizing, I may be have to staff up on here. Do I have enough business to justify staffing up and not necessarily with neurologists, but perhaps with nurse practitioners, others who can take on some of the parts of the care pathway. For some of them, it's going through their internal governance process and determining which patients, I think, appropriately at this stage.  There's clearly an awful lot of caution around ARIA. My personal belief is that, over time, neurologists will become more accustomed to understanding ARIA. Is there a difference between the asymptomatic and the symptomatic? And they'll have a lot more experience but they're looking at making sure that the patients who go through are trying to get to have the least risk of ARIA.  I don't think the infusion center capacity seems to be a big issue for most centers. PET scans, there are enough PET scans as far as we can tell. It's really been around how do I get reimbursement for it? Is it just one? And it was more the confusion around  so I think the clarity of that will just take one of the factors of discussion and time out of the process.  There is just at each stage  if you send someone out for the PET scan, the scan has got to come back, it's been interpreted by a PET scan reader there, but sometimes a physician will want to have someone in that practice read that. And it's just connecting  sending the patient to all these different points, even if you're an integrated delivery network.  So I don't think it's necessarily any one thing, although I would say, if we can do a better job of getting patients triaged even before they can get to the neurologist, that could certainly be helpful.  But I think it really is  this is changing, the practice paradigm for a lot of clinics. And they're all having to work through it. And these, of course, are super busy people. They've got other needs. And so trying to fit in the time to actually manage all this is actually a challenge.  So I think it's completely natural and expected that this is progressing slowly. But again, you see some who are racing ahead. And that certainly gives me the confidence that others are going to figure this out, too.
Operator: We can go to our last question. And that'll be from Phil Nadeau from TD Cowen.
Phil Nadeau: I want to ask about the SKYCLARYS EMA review? Could you give a bit more of an update on what the status of that review is? Has there been a need for a whole explanation? And generally, what's Biogen confidence that a positive CHMP opinion will be secured in the first half of 2024?
Priya Singhal: Overall, just stepping back during diligence, we reviewed regulatory correspondence. And we had a certain level of understanding of the topics. And subsequent to closing the deal, we have had more regulatory interactions, and nothing has changed our view, as Chris mentioned. We'd still expect to see an outcome in early 2024. So that remains on track.  With regard to whether or not there will be an oral explanation, that is really something we don't comment on because it's under review. And that's part of the review details. So I hope that helps.
Chuck Triano : And this will conclude our call. Thanks, everyone, for joining us today. And the IR team will be available later on, of course, for any other follow-up questions.
Operator: Thank you. And ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude today's conference. We appreciate your participation. Have a wonderful day.

===== 2023 Q2  (2023-07-25 08:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning. My name is Ruth and I'll be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Biogen's Second Quarter 2023 Earnings Call and Business Update. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Today's conference is being recorded. At this time, I would now like to turn the conference over to Mr. Chuck Triano, Head of Investor Relations. Mr. Triano, you may begin your conference.
Chuck Triano: Thank you, operator. Good morning and welcome to Biogen's second quarter 2023 earnings call. Before we begin, I encourage everyone to go to the Investors section of biogen.com to find the earnings release and related financial tables, including our GAAP financial measures, and a reconciliation of the GAAP to non-GAAP financial measures that we will discuss today. Our GAAP financials are provided in tables 1 and 2, and table 4 includes a reconciliation of our GAAP to non-GAAP financial results. We believe non-GAAP financial results better represent the ongoing economics of our business and reflect how we manage the business internally. We have also posted slides on our website that will follow the discussion related to this call. I would like to point out that we will be making forward-looking statements, which are based on our expectation. These statements are subject to certain risks and uncertainties and our actual results may differ materially. I encourage you to consult the risk factors discussed in our SEC filings for additional detail. On today's call, I'm joined by our President and Chief Executive Officer, Chris Viehbacher; Dr. Priya Singhal, Head of Development; and our CFO, Mike McDonnell. Chris, Priya, and Mike will each make some opening comments, and then we'll move to the Q&A session. Allow -- to allow us to get through as many questions as possible, we kindly ask that you limit yourself to one question. I will now turn the call over to Chris.
Christopher Viehbacher: Thank you, Chuck. Good morning, everybody. I'd like to start off with LEQEMBI. And I think before we really get into all the interesting details of commercialization and competitiveness, I just like to pause for a moment. This is an historic moment in healthcare history. We're talking about the very first disease-modifying treatment that's been approved full -- has received full approval from the FDA and reimbursement from CMS. And there have been literally dozens of medicines that have failed before this drug ever got to market. And that's important for a couple of reasons, the first is that there is an awful lot we still don't know. We are really at the beginning of a journey to really understand Alzheimer's disease and how we can affect this disease. But it's also going to have a big impact on the practice of medicine. Physicians haven't been able to really help patients very much beyond perhaps prescribing Donepezil or products like that. And the treatment that we are proposing here really is going to change an awful lot of how physicians practice and treat these patients. So as we start thinking about intent to prescribe and how physicians are looking at things, we're actually not going to know that until we actually get out there on the marketplace and see how patients respond. ADUHELM did get approved. But as you all know, it never really got out of the blocks, and never really got launched. So this is really a first. And whenever you're first, you're going be discovering an awful lot and a lot of this is just not that predictable. I would, again just call out to, kudos to our colleagues at Eisai. Within a very short period of time, they were able to get the regulatory filings in the EU, Japan, China, Canada, Great Britain, and South Korea. So this is going to be truly a global launch. Now, we just had the AAIC last week, and Priya will cover off a little bit more about that. But one of the things have -- has become obvious is when we start looking at Donanemab and Lecanemab, these are two very different products. And I don't think most people have actually really looked at that. Most people are looking at, okay, we've got an A-beta antibody and we're moving plaques, but there's a whole lot more to this story, and this is going to evolve over the next months and years. This is a -- these are different products. They have different mechanisms because they have different binding. They've been studied in different populations. They've been studied in -- with different clinical study design process -- design approaches. And of course they have a very different safety profile. And all of these differences are going to play out in the marketplace over the coming months and years. And it'll be interesting to see how that is, but I would just caution everybody, as we get into this and you see all of the data, there is an awful lot of subtlety to this, and it's going to be quite interesting from a commercial point of view. The launch is underway in the US. We did get full approval earlier this month and the CMS approval that has significance also for others. This is going to encourage a lot of other companies to be investing and research in blood diagnostics. It's also, as you know, going to be an unusual launch. There's is an awful lot that has to be done. We're going to have patient navigators to help navigate the process to understand how treatment will occur, getting reimbursement. We will be working with physician offices. An awful lot of change will have to occur in the practice. New practices on a day-to-day basis. There's an awful lot of education around safety and making sure that the right patients are in place. We have reached out to about 700 centers to date. We're also getting reimbursement beyond CMS. We have Medicaid, for example, in 48 out of the 50 states so far, and we have -- had a very good response from commercial insurers. So, I think the launch of the LEQEMBI is off to a very good start and we'll, of course, keep you up to date as we get further patients. Now, move on to another slide here. One of the things that we've been doing an awful lot in the past months is really making sure that we are well-positioned for growth. And as we looked at the company, there's where we were. As you know, today, we have a relatively mature product profile. Generally, when you have a mature product profile, you would expect the level of investment to go down. But we have actually relatively high operating expenses when we benchmark versus other companies. Part of that is an over-investment in legacy products. But we also have an extremely centralized governance. We've got many organizational levels. We have a low span of control. On average, we have a span of control of three. And then as we look at the R&D pipeline, we've had five different heads of R&D in 10 years, and that's not good for an R&D organization. And as a result, we ended up with some products that I think were relatively high-risk and high-cost and not necessarily of the highest value. So we've been through an extensive project to really review those R&D programs. And as we looked at where do we want to be, well, we want to be making more value-based decisions for existing products. We don't want to just remove the promotional effort entirely. Biogen has still 25% market share in multiple sclerosis. We have the highest market share by a considerable margin. And so there is -- there are an awful lot of patients who depend on Biogen products. I think we can do that smarter. There is a need obviously to have strong investment in our new product launches. It's important clearly to manage cost, but shareholder value, most optimized, if we can really make a success of these launches. We need to get decision-making closer to the customers, we want greater agility in the organization, and we want to focus on high-value projects in R&D. External growth will really give us the opportunity to diversify away from rare diseases -- diversify into rare diseases, immunology, and neuropsychiatry. So we did this redesign effort. What we did was a bottom-up exercise to look at where do we need to be as a company you know successfully launched new products. What kind of internal governance mechanisms do we want? What kind of metrics do we want? What kind of accountability? And so there's been, I'd say, a complete redesign of Biogen and that will lead to some cost savings. There are gross cost-savings which will be about $1 billion in annualized savings per year. Of that, we expect to invest at least $300 billion in growth opportunities going forward. So this is an opportunity really to make sure in this year, before we get into the product launches, that we were truly fit for growth. And with that, I will turn it over to Priya.
Priya Singhal: Thank you, Chris. We believe that the traditional approval of LEQEMBI is a significant milestone for the Alzheimer's field. We also recognize that the pursuit of effective therapies for Alzheimer's is far from over. Biogen and Eisai are continuing to generate data on LEQEMBI across the Alzheimer's disease continual. Amyloid pathology can begin years before the onset of symptoms. There is the potential to maximize therapeutic effect of LEQEMBI by treating earlier to delay or even prevent the onset of Alzheimer's. Eisai and Biogen initiated the AHEAD 3-45 trial in 2020 to evaluate this approach. This consists of two sister trials in cognitively unimpaired individuals aged 55 to 80 with intermediate or elevated levels of amyloid on PET screening, and they will be evaluated over 48 months. With the approval of LEQEMBI in the US, we also modified our protocol for the AHEAD trial to allow for open-label LEQEMBI rescue should patients progress to early AD while being enrolled in the trial. We believe the clinical profile of LEQEMBI is uniquely suited for the early intervention approach, with robust plaque clearance, low incidence of ARIA, and optionality of longer-duration treatment to potentially maximize clinical benefit. We are working to improve and simplify the patient journey for LEQEMBI in early AD. We have two areas of focus, a subcutaneous formulation where the auto-injector to potentially enable at-home administration is underway. Eisai recently presented modeling data at AAIC, suggesting that subcutaneous lecanemab provides similar exposure and amyloid plaque reduction as bi-weekly IV formulation but with the potential for lower incidence of ARIA. Regulatory filing is expected by the end of Q1 2024. Second is maintenance dosing. Evaluating less-frequent maintenance dosing in the Phase 2 open-label extension. Regulatory filing also expected by the end of Q1 2024. We are also continuing to analyze the Clarity AD data where we have observed consistent reductions in both amyloid and tau PET and improved clinical outcomes as we aim to better inform treatment decisions for patients. Clarity AD study did not use baseline tau PET as an exclusion criteria and enrolled a broad population of early AD patients with varying degrees of tau pathology at baseline. This important aspect of the Clarity AD study allowed the generation of data on individuals with low tau burdens that has not been collected in other Phase 3 programs. At AAIC, Eisai presented baseline characteristics and a new analysis containing the initial results from the tau PET sub-study of Clarity AD. In this analysis, individuals enrolled in the tau PET sub-study were categorized into high, medium, and low groups based upon tau burden measured at baseline. Lecanemab administration showed a clinical effect in the overall population of the tau PET sub-study, and notably, a large effect size was also observed in the low tau population defined in this analysis, which does represent the early phase of AD. We believe this data further support the clinical benefit observed with LEQEMBI in the broad early AD population. And again, emphasizes the importance of treating patients early. Biogen plans to build upon our industry-leading position in therapeutics for A beta clearance and tau knockdowns by advancing a multi-target multi-modality portfolio inclusive of also other emerging targets in the Alzheimer's disease pathway. This is inclusive of programs targeting tau. BIIB080, a Phase 2 targeting antisense oligonucleotide, and BIIB113, a Phase 1 small-molecule aiming to prevent tau activation. Tuning to SMA, the interim results from the response study were presented at the Cure SMA Conference recently and highlight that most participants, an investigator, and caregivers reported sub-optimal clinical status across multiple domains at baseline, following zolgensma treatment. This included motor function, swallowing or feeding ability, and respiratory function. Potentially, we believe this is due to lightly incomplete transduction of motor neurons following gene therapy administration. The internal results at six months show improvements in motor function in most participants as measured by the increased total HINE-2 score from baseline with no new emerging safety concerns identified. Overall, we believe these results suggest that there may be potential for additional benefit with SPINRAZA treatment following zolgensma treat administration. The R&D organization, as Chris mentioned, has spent significant time and energy over the last several months in conducting a comprehensive review of Biogen's R&D programs as we aim to improve the risk profile and productivity of the pipeline. We made a number of significant decisions and identified the programs we want to prioritize. And others, where we assess, the challenges resulted in a low probability adjusted return on investment and thus were promptly modified or discontinued. We believe that this has resulted in a leaner pipeline with an overall greater probability of success and a sharper focus on key programs. The example shown here all have data readouts expected over the next few years. BIIB080, a Phase 2 targeting tau targeting ASO which has 1b -- Phase 1b data showing a time and dose-dependent reduction in CSF total tau and phospho-tau as well as tau tangle visualized via tau PET. Litifilimab, a subcutaneous anti-BDCA2 antibody, currently being evaluated in two Phase 3 studies in systemic lupus erythematosus and a Phase 2/3 study in cutaneous lupus erythematosus. BIIB105, an ATXN2 ASO being evaluated in a Phase 1/2 study in broad sporadic ALS, we expect a readout mid-year 2024. BIIB122, a LRRK2 ASO being developed in partnership with Denali Therapeutics currently in a Phase 2b study for idiopathic Parkinson's disease. And BIIB121, an ASO aiming to increase the expression of paternal UBE3A in Angelman syndrome, and we expect the Phase 1 to readout mid-year 2024. In summary, this past quarter, we continued to make significant advancements across our pipeline, most notably, with the traditional approval of LEQEMBI in early AD. While our initial substantial review of the pipeline is complete, we will continue to evaluate both current and potential new R&D programs using a data-driven approach with a keen eye toward risk-balanced and value-creation. I will now pass the call over to Mike.
Michael McDonnell: Thank you, Priya, and good morning, everyone. I'll provide some highlights and color regarding our financial performance for the second quarter and all of the financial comparisons that you will hear are versus the second quarter of 2022. Total revenue for the second quarter was $2.5 billion, that's a decrease of 5% at actual currency and 3% at constant currency. Non-GAAP diluted earnings per share in the second quarter was $4.02. Total MS Products revenue was $1.2 billion, that's a decrease of 15% at actual currency and 14% at constant currency. So a few recent updates to the MS business this quarter. First, the decline in MS in the second quarter was attributable to generic entrants for TECFIDERA and broad competition in the MS market. We did not see much in the way of channel dynamics during the second quarter. Second, as we did announce previously, TECFIDERA's regulatory market protection in the EU was extended by one additional year until February 2nd of 2025. Some of the TECFIDERA generics have not yet fully exited some of the EU markets, and some generic products remain in the channel. The pace of generic withdrawal has been slower than we expected and we're closely monitoring the situation and working to enforce our legal right-to-market protection. Regarding TYSABRI, we have previously said that there may be a TYSABRI biosimilar launch in the US and EU sometime later in 2023. We are aware of the positive CHMP opinion for the TYSABRI biosimilar in the EU last week. And while we have not seen any biosimilar launches so far, we could see an approval and launch in the coming months. Moving on now to SMA. Global SPINRAZA revenue of $437 million increased 1% at actual currency and 5% at constant currency. SPINRAZA growth in the US was 12% and that was driven by patient growth. We were encouraged by the performance this past quarter and believe we are making good progress against our goal of returning SPINRAZA to consistent growth. Also as Priya mentioned, we are continuing to generate data to support the efficacy profile of SPINRAZA. And we believe that this along with the expected overall market expansion should help enable continued improved performance for SPINRAZA. Biosimilars revenue of $195 million was flat at actual currency and increased 4% at constant currency. We are continuing to manage supply constraints for IMRALDI and BENEPALI, and are monitoring this situation very closely. We've referenced previously that we are evaluating whether this business could create more value outside of Biogen and we are engaged with multiple interested parties and we'll provide further updates on that process as appropriate. Alzheimer's disease revenue, which includes revenue from ADUHELM and the LEQEMBI collaboration equated to a headwind of $20 million to revenue during the second quarter. As a reminder, LEQEMBI revenue represents our 50% of end-market revenue less 50% of commercialization expenses. We expect this line to continue to be negative in 2023 as the ramping of LEQEMBI commercialization expenses will exceed initial revenue. Total anti-CD20 revenue of $433 million was down 1% and included a $12 million operating loss related to LUNSUMIO. As a reminder, starting this quarter, our pre-tax profit share on RITUXAN, GAZYVA, and LUNSUMIO decreased from 37.5% to 35%. And that's due to the achievement of certain sales targets for GAZYVA as part of our contractual agreement with Genentech. Contract manufacturing, royalty, and other revenue of $198 million was notably higher year-over-year, and that was driven mainly by the timing of batches. A couple of details regarding Q2 expenses. For the second quarter, non-GAAP cost of sales was 24% of total revenue and that includes $34 million of idle capacity charges. We continue to see higher-cost of sales as a percentage of revenue as a result of product mix and idle capacity charges, and in particular, the increases that we're seeing in contract manufacturing revenue increases our overall cost of sales as a percentage of revenue. So in terms of modeling for the remainder of 2023, I'd offer that we believe contract manufacturing revenue will remain strong and will contribute to a higher cost of sales as a percentage of revenue for the remainder of this year as compared to the 24.1% that we saw in the second quarter. Second quarter non-GAAP R&D expense includes roughly $13 million in estimated study closeout costs related to BIIB093. As Priya mentioned, we are now substantially complete with our R&D prioritization. We estimate that this will result in gross savings of approximately $250 million next year. So this will be partially offset by natural increases in R&D due to portfolio progression. The decrease in second quarter SG&A expense was attributed to roughly $70 million of savings initiatives and that was partially offset by approximately $35 million of reinvestments mostly related to launch costs. We continue to expect our operating expenses to be lower in the second half of the year than in the first half as we complete the run-rate savings from our previously announced cost initiatives as well as a modest impact from our new fit-for-growth initiative. So now I'd like to take a minute to provide a little bit of additional detail on our new fit-for-growth program. This program will include changes to our operating model with a significant reduction of certain centralized functions. A substantial portion of the $700 million of net annual OpEx savings are expected to come from a net headcount reduction of approximately 1,000, which we expect to right-size the company with our business plan and enable us to return to sustainable growth. I would reiterate that the OpEx savings shown here are on an annualized basis. We believe that this is an efficient program with 70% of our expected gross OpEx savings to be realized as net savings. All-in, we expect a very modest impact on 2023 expenses and believe the net OpEx savings will be split roughly equally between 2024 and 2025. And all of these savings are incremental to any previously announced cost reduction programs. A few quick comments on our balance sheet, including the approximately $813 million that we received during the quarter related to the sale of our equity stake in Samsung Bioepis. We ended the quarter with $7.3 billion in cash and marketable securities. On June 30th, we had $6.3 billion in debt and that puts us in a net cash position of roughly $1 billion. We continue to generate steady, positive cash flow from operations with free cash flow of $416 million during the second quarter. And finally, now let me turn to our financial guidance for full year 2023. The business remains on track with our forecast for the full year. And today, we are reaffirming our full-year guidance of a full-year 2023 revenue decline in the mid-single-digit percentage range as compared to 2022 reported results and full-year 2023 non-GAAP diluted earnings per share of between $15 and $16. And you can refer to our press release for other important guidance assumptions. So now I'll turn it back over to Chris for a few closing comments.
Christopher Viehbacher: Thank you, Mike. Well, in addition to re-engineering our cost base, we're actually also re-engineering the marketed portfolio of products. We've already had two approvals this year, QALSODY and LEQEMBI in the United States. As we look forward for the rest of the year and into early next year, we have a number of other important milestones for our portfolio. We are expecting a decision by the PMDA in Japan in the third quarter. By the EMA in Europe in the first quarter of next year. And in the first quarter of next year also in China. We also are expecting a decision by the FDA on zuranolone actually next week, potentially. And then, we also are continuing to evolve LEQEMBI. As Priya said, we are expecting to be able to submit the regulatory dossiers for LEQEMBI subcu in Q1 of next year and also a regulatory file for maintenance dosing next year. So in addition to that, with the new product approvals that are expected, we're going to continue obviously to look through our external growth opportunities. As I have said before, this is an opportunity to expand the portfolio more into rare diseases, and to immunology, and neuropsychiatry. So with that Chuck will turn it back and invite questions.
Chuck Triano: Thanks, Chris. Operator, can we please poll for questions?
Operator: Yes, thank you. [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Brian Abrahams with RBC Capital Markets.
Brian Abrahams: Hey. Good morning, guys. Thanks so much for taking my question and congrats on all the developments. So we recently saw some competitor data at a medical conference. And I guess I'm curious, as you've seen things evolve here, what are the most important learnings that you've been taking away on the overall beta-amyloid class efficacy and safety profiles? And can you maybe expand a little bit more on your latest views on how you expect the competitive dynamics to play out in this space and the impact to your overall launch strategy? Thanks.
Christopher Viehbacher: Thanks for the question, Brian. This is going to be super interesting from a commercial point of view. Because there are an awful lot of different factors at play here. I think as I said, the markets are sort of thinking there's two A beta antibodies here and they remove plaque and that's it. And the story is actually a whole lot more complex. First, I would say, these are two products with -- that really go after the problem in a different way. And I think one of the most interesting things that's going to come out of this are the soluble protofibrils. These are the most neurotoxic forms of A beta. And Lecanemab goes after those, whereas Donanemab doesn't. And these are the soluble forms. And I think that will actually play a factor in our view, which is that this is going to be more of a chronic disease that you can remove the plaque, but these soluble forms, and this is judged by what we're seeing in some of the biomarkers, could actually still continue to play a role, which is why our belief is that we will need a maintenance therapy over time. But there's also a difference in how these patients were studied. First, much different patient populations. Lecanemab was studied actually in an earlier patient population, roughly two-thirds were in MCI and one-third in mild, and Donanemab was the reverse. And this is important because there's different rates of progression amongst these patients. And so, actually, and when Priya talked about these low tau, which have no overlap with the low tau -- low-to medium tau that Donanemab studied, these are patients that would really progress quite slowly. So to actually see an effect like that I think really speaks to the efficacy of this product. Then there is also all the different endpoints. Lilly measured their primary endpoint on a Lilly-designed endpoint. Lecanemab use the gold standard, which is the CDR sum of boxes. But when you start looking at activities of daily life, you start to see differences and there are some other markers where we think we can demonstrate where efficacy is going to be. And then of course, safety will be a big issue. When most neurologists -- if they've seen ARIA before, it's been pretty rare. I mean we do know that ARIA can occur even in the placebo group, but it's not something that'll have seen very often. And so this is going to be a different thing for them first to -- to think about monitoring for safety with the MRIs. But it's one thing to be at a conference and look at safety from a data point of view. It's another thing I think to actually be looking at MRIs and seeing ARIA. And I think the safety benefit of lecanemab will be quite important to physicians as we go forward. So there are a number of dimensions here that I think will be developed over time. There's going to be all the different blood diagnostics that come along. Personally, my belief is that we're going to be seeing treatment progressively over the years in earlier patients before too much neuronal death has occurred. And of course, that's where LEQEMBI's benefit will arise where they have already studied much more of these patients. Generally, I would say, Lilly has been focused on looking at subpopulations and trying to say, okay, in this subpopulation, we've got this result, in that subpopulation. When physicians are dealing with patients in their practice, they don't want to deal with the subpopulation. They want to have a medicine that actually has broad coverage. And I think that's where LEQEMBI will also demonstrate its benefits. So it's going to be quite interesting. There's lots of data here to pour over that's come out of the AIC and a lot of that will just become much more tangible over the coming months and years.
Chuck Triano: Thanks, Chris. All right, can we poll for next question, please?
Operator: Yes. Our next question comes from the line of Marc Goodman with Leerink Partners.
Marc Goodman: Yes, good morning. Mike just to make sure we're aligned here with the numbers in the cost savings. So OpEx, $4.5 billion for 2023. So we should be thinking $3.8 billion in 2025. And then how do we get there with respect to SG&A and R&D? Is this -- are they about even. I mean is R&D going to move below the $2 billion line? Just help us give us a sense of that? And maybe just as you talk about the P&L, just comment on, do you expect gross margins to be higher or lower in kind of those years, just to help us think about how the P&L is going to look. Thanks.
Michael McDonnell: Yeah. Mark, thanks for the question. So, your math is correct. Our goal would be to achieve a full run rate of the $700 million net savings in 2025. So on an OpEx base of $4.5 million, that would take it to the neighbourhood of about $3.8 billion. The savings will be both in SG&A and R&D. We've already done quite a bit in R&D as we talked about, that will yield a lot of savings with our prioritization program. But we'll also be looking at ways of conducting our clinical trials, our existing trials more efficiently. So the overall savings will be a mix. We're not providing full granularity on whether R&D will be plus or minus the $2 billion number that you threw out. But I would estimate that the savings from here would be probably a little more weighted to the SG&A line and a little less to R&D. But ultimately, the savings will come from both sides. The gross margin, that's a trend that we expect will continue at least for the near term. And when you look at the product mix, we obviously have the continuing declines in some of the MS Products which are on the higher-margin side, and then you have contract manufacturing that's really growing quite a bit year-on-year. So we do expect to see our cost-of-sales as a percentage of revenue, at least for the near-term, to be a bit lower than what we've heard or I should say the cost-of-sales percentage would be higher, the gross margin would be lower than what we've seen in the past. And then over time, as LEQEMBI becomes profitable and ramps up, we should hopefully see some recovery up on the gross margin line.
Chuck Triano: Thanks, Mike. Can we go to our next question, please?
Operator: Yes. Our next question comes from the line of Robyn Karnauskas with Truist.
Robyn Karnauskas: Hi. Thanks for taking my question. I guess, I would just be curious initially as you're talking to doctors about if there is a difference between the academic community -- and the community setting and interest in using the drug and coordinating that. Can you give us more details as to how laborious and how easy the CMS registry, now that it's up and running, is there more questions they're asking? Thanks.
Christopher Viehbacher: I think, first on the registry, all the feedback is, this is manageable. I think everybody would prefer not to have a registry, but personally been on it, there's dropdown menus, most of the data are available from the medical records, so we think that part should be okay. There is some bumpiness around the PET scan reimbursement that should be clarified in the next 90 days. But I think where we are now, the one PET scan that is included should not be a barrier. I think there's just the mechanics actually of -- I've seen patients that will change. There's going to be a need to do more of the cognitive testing, getting the PET scanner, the lumbar puncture, figuring out where to go with the MRI infusion centers, and then getting the three MRIs. There will be a routine that will develop in offices, but to start with, nobody is doing that right now, really. I mean, we obviously have some centers that have been able to start infusing LEQEMBI during the period before traditional approval. But if we look at the masses, everybody is having to gear up for this. I think one of the other things that I would say is, there's been so much disappointment in this field over the years. A lot of hope but a lot of these medicines didn't play out. And so, I think there has been an awful lot of wait-and-see amongst the some of the medical community. Are we really going to get full approval? Are we really going to get CMS approval? So I think now that is in place, which is, as I've said before, I think is a really seminal moment in healthcare, we'll see the practicalities of this. And we've always said that this is going to be a relatively measured uptake on revenue. I will say that the whole field organization is geared up for this. This is a much more complex field organization than what you would have with a typical launch with the care navigators, with MSOs, with field reps, with regional thought leaders, professionals. So they're going to be a lot of people actually holding hands with patients, with physician practices, trying to help make sure that this is as seamless as possible. And but it is not clearly as simple as just prescribing a pill and going down to your local pharmacy.
Chuck Triano: Thanks, Chris. Next question please, operator.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mohit Bansal with Wells Fargo.
Mohit Bansal: Great. Thank you very much for taking my question. And maybe a question for Priya. So when you think about subcutaneous LEQEMBI and you'll see the data later this year. But how do you think about positioning it? Is it -- do you think it is more of a maintenance treatment after the IV LEQEMBI versus an induction kind of treatment? And how important is Cmax to get an induction approval here? Super helpful. Thank you.
Priya Singhal: Thank you, Mohit. So it's a great question. I think maybe before I answer that, I'll just say that Biogen and Eisai are really looking to simplify and improve the patient journey, and this is a multipronged effort. One is subcutaneous formulation, which can address the infusion capacity and other issues this potential for an auto-injector and self-administration at-home. And then the second is really thinking about how LEQEMBI can be positioned to really address the long-term duration question that is still out there. The good news here is that LEQEMBI does have the opportunity to be treated -- to be used with a long duration. And the question is, what is the right maintenance duration for this therapy? And with regards to subcutaneous, the data that we just presented at AAIC was modeling data to show that really the subcutaneous formulation would be about 720 milligrams administered weekly instead of the intravenous biweekly therapy. Now the important thing here to understand is that really, it is the hope and the data kind of point to the fact that safety could actually be better with the subcutaneous formulation. So we might have lower rates for ARIA. And the filing is expected to be complete by Q1 2024. I also expect that more data, Eisai has communicated this, will be released at CTAD this year. So I think let's wait for more of that data, which is, I think, forthcoming. And we look forward to the -- hopefully, simplifying the patient journey.
Chuck Triano: Thanks, Priya. Next question, please.
Operator: We'll go next to Umer Raffat with Evercore.
Umer Raffat: Hi, guys. Thanks for taking my question. I feel like there's an elephant in the room and I do think we should speak to it. And Chris, this one is for you specifically. And the question really is, investors are very curious, what was your thought process on two specific occasions in the last few weeks? First, when you were first told about the proposed changes to the Board, what was your thought process? And second, what was your thought process in deciding whether or not you needed to put out any disclosures?
Christopher Viehbacher: So I think if we just step back, I mean there's -- clearly, a lot of people got focused on some of the gossip here. But I think more fundamentally, there's been a significant change with our Board. And anybody who knows anything about Boards is that you only make significant changes at a Board is through a consensus of the Board. The Board is a college of peers with equal power. And there had been a lot of significant investor outreach. The company is doing an awful lot of change internally at a management level, addressing a lot of the concerns that investors, I think, have been raising for quite a number of years and certainly concerns that I have heard. And the Board actually said, well, we need to think about the governance and are we changing as well. And I can tell you that all of the discussions to which I was a party, all concerned one thing, and that is, what is right for Biogen. And I found that very encouraging. But we have a new chair and I have to say I couldn't be happier working with Caroline. She's someone of unimpeachable integrity, extremely smart, analytical, but really has a real passion for the mission of the company. And I think the Board is clearly four-square behind all of the changes that we're making. So I think all of that is good. In terms of disclosure, we look at people. We don't look at their personal relationships. And I would just say that Glass Lewis and ISS recommended Susan Langer, and investors voted her onto the Board, and I don't think there's really anything more to be -- that needs to be said about that.
Chuck Triano: Thank you, Chris. Can we move to our next question, please?
Operator: Yes, sir. We have a question from Salveen Richter with Goldman Sachs.
Salveen Richter: Thank you, good morning. How is the fit-for-growth and your cost alignment work influenced your thoughts on M&A and BD? And you've noted the three disease areas, but can you just provide some thoughts on the value proposition across the areas? Any limits with regard to size of the deal and the use of equity? Thank you.
Christopher Viehbacher: Fit-for-growth, remember, is really reflecting the transition of the company. We have been very focused on multiple sclerosis over 45 years. We had some very prosperous times in the more recent history of the company. And as we have seen a reversal of fortunes in some of those products, I don't think we, as a company, have really made the changes in our organizational structure and our cost base to really reflect that transition. One of the things I'd like to tell our management teams is that the hardest word in management is and. You have to think about the short-term and the long-term. But one of the things is you have to be cost efficient and you have to invest for growth. And that's been a very tricky exercise. If we didn't have all the product launches, just cost reduction would be fairly easy. What we've had to do is be a lot more thoughtful about what is the best way to position Biogen going forward? And that's why we didn't start with where we were, but we started with where we want to be. What is that organization? How many people? We benchmarked the organization. We've looked at the -- making sure we have enough investment in the product launches, have enough investment in those exciting R&D projects that we would want to focus on, and then work backwards from there. So I think the company is well positioned now to be oriented towards growth while also managing our historic portfolio. And again, I come back by and saying we are still the market leader in MS, and we have an obligation to both physicians and their patients on that. And so we will be changing the way we -- the promotional mix, but we're not going to just walk away from that either. And I think in terms of M&A and external growth, is really what do we do to build on that? And that starts with BD at an earlier stage of the pipeline. Are there things that we want to build on to that? And in particular, as I've said in the past, I think we're proud of our position in neuroscience. But neurological conditions are slow-progressing diseases and really require very expensive long trials. And they are ones where you can't really derisk them with a Phase 2 asset. So, we're not going to walk away by any means, but we do need to get into portfolio decisions where we can actually get a better read on efficacy and safety in Phase 2. And I think we can do that with the rare diseases with more of a focus on immunology. As you know, we've never been far from immunology in the history of the company. And of course, with -- we already are into neuropsychiatry and can we build that portfolio? But I think we have now a much more nimble structure, a more empowered organization. One of the things that comes out of our culture surveys is that we can take quite a long time to make a decision. So in all of those things, when you're dealing with partners and you're dealing with business development, if you want to have that nimbleness, that ability to be agile. And so I think fit-for-growth will actually facilitate that. But really the approach to external growth is more strategic in how we shape the portfolio of the company.
Chuck Triano: And that limits the size or use of equity. It's part of the question, Chris.
Christopher Viehbacher: I think we're really looking at what really makes sense for the company. I don't think we've seen anything that would require use of equity. And Mike, we've got, I think, about $7.3 billion in cash. So as far as I'm concerned, we don't -- everything that we think, we can manage with what we've got. The most important thing is to really -- one of the major things we try to do with fit-for-growth is really get a lot more rigorous about how we allocate capital. We've had this very good fortune over the last few years. And when there's a lot of money in the company, don't have the same rigor about how you allocate capital. That is a real focus for us. We really want to make sure that we're putting our investments in the things that make the best returns for the company and our shareholders. And so that part is a cultural shift that's coming out of that and I think that will affect how we think about business development as well.
Chuck Triano: Great. Next question, please.
Operator: We'll go next to Michael Yee with Jefferies.
Michael Yee: Hey, guys. Thank you. Just wanted to ask on the zuranolone program. Obviously, you have PDUFA date coming up. But Chris, you've made some pretty bullish comments on this before. Maybe right-size your expectations about how to think about that opportunity and whether there could be a split label? And importantly, since you're talking about cost cutting, how a positive approval or maybe some various form of two different indications could impact expenses going forward? So just talk a little bit about zuranolone. Thank you.
Christopher Viehbacher: Yeah. Well, we have a PDUFA date on August 5th. So we'll be able to give you a full update once we've had the FDA decision. So I don't really want to talk about that process right now. I'll just say there is an enormous unmet need in full health. And that only seems to be rising. You can't look at the news without reading about reports of the rise of mental health conditions. I think that partly got exacerbated by the pandemic. And one of the things is that, that affects -- that the pandemic did was I think really bring this more out into the open where it belongs. Certainly, PPD is a huge unmet need, massive taboo around that. And that will be quite a heavy lift actually because it's not really -- there isn't really a clarity around who really is responsible for diagnosing and treating mothers at that point. And so we look forward to being able to hopefully contribute to that. But there is a significant unmet need also in the way it's treated. I think something that -- that could act much faster than current treatments, something that's perhaps episodic, could be of great value to patients. So I do think there is an opportunity. But again, we need to wait for the FDA decision and we'll fully update everybody at that point.
Chuck Triano: Thanks, Chris. Can we move to our next question, please?
Operator: Yes. Our next question comes from Tim Anderson with Wolfe Research.
Tim Anderson: Thank you. I know that Biogen and Eisai continue to talk up the need to dose Alzheimer's drugs or LEQEMBI specifically, chronically and not just for a finite period. And you're talking about protofibril and how they're the most neurotoxic species and that sort of thing. From what I understand, the science is really thin that says you need to dose chronically in less soluble forms of A beta to really make a difference in terms of continued disease progression. And empirically, if we just look at what came out of AAIC, we see a similar level of reduction and improvement in cognition with finite dosing with Donanemab and we see continued curve separation with Lilly's product and your product. So doesn't that potentially call into question the need for chronic dosing? And isn't that possibly a risk with LEQEMBI, that docs actually only use it until plaque is cleared and then they stop, which would lead to a very different revenue opportunity for LEQEMBI? Thank you.
Christopher Viehbacher: Dr. Singhal?
Priya Singhal: Thank you for the question. Yes. So this is a very important area of query and scientific hypothesis. So maybe before I really talk about LEQEMBI or Donanemab, we can agree that Alzheimer's disease is really a progressive and eventually fatal condition with obviously neurodegeneration involved along the way. And what we've seen with LEQEMBI and actually multiple lines of evidence outside of LEQEMBI, also with aducanumab in the past, is that when you clear plaque, it does not re-accumulate that easily. But what you do see is progression of disease and you see an impact on the fluid biomarkers. So with LEQEMBI and with the gap period that we had in Phase 2, we saw an increase -- a reversion of the A beta 42:40 ratio, implying the disease continued to progress. We saw very similar evidence with aducanumab. And I think what we see now with the plasma p-Tau levels, in the past, we saw with aducanumab sort of decreasing with the EMERGE data set. And with LEQEMBI, what we've seen with p-Tau181 is a stabilization. And actually, if you saw the Donanemab data on p-217, which was the plasma tau biomarker they used, and these track really quite closely is that you see a slight increase. So I think we still need to understand with more data transparency, the Donanemab data of what really happens to patients who stopped at six months or stopped at one year. And we hope we'll see more of that data from their open-label extension and be able to draw conclusions. But when you look at the substrate for Donanemab, it really does not make sense to continue to dose. One, because of substrate exhaustion and two, because of the presence of antidrug antibodies, close to about 84% to 87%. Whereas with LEQEMBI, you have the opportunity to have an individualized treatment duration discussion between the patient and the doctor because actually, it continues to impact soluble substrate, as Chris mentioned, and we are going to be generating data to actually look at this in a very systematic way with the Phase 1 open-label extension. So I think that the jury is out but the multiple lines of evidence do not seem to indicate that you can stop and reverse Alzheimer's disease. So that's where I'll leave it. Thank you.
Chuck Triano: Thanks, Priya. Next question please, operator.
Operator: Yes, sir. We'll go next to Evan Seigerman with BMO.
Evan Seigerman: Hi, guys. Thank you for -- thank you so much for taking my question. So now that you've talked through some of the right-size that you plan on doing and now you're focusing on BD on the back half of the year. Can you talk about how you think about the value that still exists for BD in the market today? And are you focused on really near-term revenue opportunities to grow the business or earlier-stage development items? Thank you.
Christopher Viehbacher: Well, it's quite interesting. You see today, when I talk to bankers, it's interesting. I think if you've got something that has really good data that, there tends to be a price for that, and that price is more or less constant. I was asking bankers, do you think Merck would have had to pay even more for Prometheus, for instance two, three -- two years ago when that's kind of the go-go days of biotech, and their view is no. And so, I think if you find quality assets out there and that really doesn't vary that much. What does vary is all the other stuff, right? We got a little bit more interest in more speculative things and that's what really sort of says, well, are things relatively expensive or not? And as a company, I think I always like to say, our investors (Technical Difficulty) to make them rich and not someone else's shareholders. So if you're going to do a deal, you have to make sure that there is value creation for Biogen and its shareholders. And that's a hard thing. And we all know that a lot of BD doesn't do that. The way I look at Biogen, we've got -- had now the decision on LEQEMBI. We have a pending decision at the FDA for zuranolone, we've got pending decisions for LEQEMBI around the world. If you look at Biogen over the next two, three years, there's an opportunity for a return to growth over that time frame. I think we are making some bold moves here to address our cost base and really reposition our resources in the company. And we have, I think, some super interesting products in our research and development pipeline that Priya mentioned. So if you look at it, we already have a value-creation story. So anything that we're going to do has to be accretive to that picture. And you do have to go look, and you're going to have to go look at hundred things before you find something that really works, and that's what our teams are doing. The worst thing you can do is fall in love with something because then you lose the -- you lose your objectivity. I can tell you that we are laser-focused on changing the trajectory of our share price, as I've heard from so many investors, our share price hasn't really moved in 10 years. So that's where we are focused on really driving -- being much more focused on shareholder value and that means allocating capital in a way that's commensurate with that.
Chuck Triano: Thanks for the views, Chris. Next question, please.
Operator: The next question comes from Ami Fadia with Needham.
Ami Fadia: Hi. Good morning. Thanks for taking my question. Maybe a bit of a follow-up on the last topic. It sounds like in the context of the fit-for-growth initiative, does it mean that from a BD perspective, you're unlikely to do a deal that's a significant lift from an R&D perspective over the next couple of years? And also if you could provide some color on how you anticipate gross margin to evolve between 2023 and 2025? That would be helpful. Thank you.
Christopher Viehbacher: I missed part of that sentence about -- does that mean on the BD that we would not do something and I couldn't -- I didn't. Could you repeat the question?
Ami Fadia: Sure. Does it mean that you would not do a deal -- yeah that you would not do a deal that is a significant heavy lift from an R&D perspective over the next couple of years?
Christopher Viehbacher: Well, I think we have enough heavy lifting in R&D, to be honest. So I'm certainly looking at things that I think -- to me, it's less around the expenditure as how much risk you're taking. What I find hard is when we have a multiyear, five-year type Phase 3 study that's essentially a proof-of-concept. That's, I think, what we're really trying to move away from. Now what I would say though is, we are clearly benchmarking. And I really want us to be rigorous on G&A. I want us to be competitive on the sales and marketing. On R&D, I want us to be super disciplined on capital. But I would say all the benchmarking we've done is that Biogen has actually been better than average on productivity. And I do believe greatly in a lot of the capability within Biogen. And so, I do think if there are things that really make sense, I actually have a higher degree of trust in our R&D organization that I think that we should continue to invest in R&D. The really important thing is that you really -- the think secret about R&D is you have to design a killer experiment, define what the criteria are for moving into the next stage and don't allocate capital unless you really meet those data. The problem in a lot of organizations is we fall in love with something. The data aren't quite clear, but we'll go and keep going because we have it. And I think the discipline to kill stuff that doesn't meet its milestones is something that is probably more important than anything else to managing R&D investments. And that's why I'm grateful to have Priya because I think Priya is extremely objective on this. We all are. But again, I do think that we are an innovative company. And I wouldn't want to restrict too much Biogen's ability to invest in R&D over time, but we're going to be extremely tough on what it is that we're going to choose to develop.
Michael McDonnell: And then maybe, Ami, on the gross margin line in terms of how we expect that to evolve. We said in our prepared remarks that we do expect to see our cost of sales as a percentage of revenue to continue to increase throughout the rest of 2023, and that's pretty heavily tied to the outsized contract manufacturing revenue that we're seeing this year. And without guiding beyond 2023, I can just say, trend-wise, when you look at some of our bigger ticket items, we've got the anti-CD20s, which are highly profitable. They're kind of flat to somewhat declining, has kind of been the trend there. You've got TECFIDERA, where you've got generic competition in the US. Obviously, we do have legal protection through the early part of 2025, but that's a high-margin product as you know. And so when you look at the growth trajectory of those products versus the contract manufacturing and we will continue to be aggressive in pursuing contract manufacturing opportunities if we can utilize them to fill space that we otherwise wouldn't use. You would expect that we would continue to see some pressure on the gross margin percentage. That's something that we'll manage. We are seeing, we did have $34 million of idle capacity charges during the quarter. That is something that we hope will abate over time as LEQEMBI ramps up and we're able to fully utilize our facility in Solothurn. So that would be potentially an offset. But we don't see real material increases in our gross margin percentage, that's something we're going to have to manage. And that's part of the reason why we put such a keen focus on our operating expenses and introduce such a meaningful cost reduction program.
Chuck Triano: Great. Thanks, Mike. Next question, please?
Operator: We'll go next to Brian Skorney with Baird.
Brian Skorney: Hey, good morning, everyone. Thank you for taking my questions. Really just had one, you guys had a role in developing both LEQEMBI and ADUHELM. And one of the things that seems to be jumping out as sort of the differential profile of these drugs in terms of ARIA rates. But seeing as those differences despite very similar platform. So I guess there's a lot of speculation and maybe remains a lot of uncertainty as for the underlying mechanism. But any -- anything you can say in terms of sort of your thought process about how much of this may be is sort of subspecies target driven? How much of it may just be sort of a matter of PK? I mean, it seems like the comments on subcu indicate at least some of it may be Cmax driven. But just how are you guys currently thinking about the mechanism underpinning ARIA?
Priya Singhal: Yes. Thank you, Brian. So overall, I think we don't fully understand the mechanism of ARIA, but the data have been replicated for LEQEMBI in terms of a low incidence of ARIA in the sense that when you compare it with some of the other anti-amyloid -- anti-beta amyloid antibodies, it is significantly lower and replicated twice. So, for example, in the Clarity AD study, we had an ARIA-E rate of about 12.6%. But with Donanemab, we see an ARIA-E rate of 24% and very similar sort of proportions with ARIA-H. So I think that it also depends on the population that has been recruited. And as Chris mentioned, these populations have been slightly different with MCI being in the early population because we really believe that patients need to be treated earlier. So that could be playing a role. But I think overall, it's very hard to assess exactly what may be driving the differential there. What I think we can say is that the observation that the incidence is significantly different. And therefore I believe that the benefit-risk is also different. And that, I think, is what doctors should be looking at. Couple that with the efforts that -- we do have a very clear window of susceptibility with ARIA and LEQEMBI that we see. We know that it's really pretty much circumscribed to the first six months. There's no titration, so we see the rates that we do. And then it really teeters off completely and recurrence is very, very low. This helps us because we can help physicians really get on board, stay on the monitoring plan, and that is really the focus of Eisai with their understanding ARIA program. So I think overall, we have to look at the benefit-risk. We've got the broad AD population that did not recruit via tau substratification for LEQEMBI and we have the results right up to tau PET because everybody , as you know, amyloid kind of progresses into the neurofibrillary tangles. And so, it's really helpful to understand that there is a broad application with LEQEMBI and then there's a risk profile that's also in the broader population. I think with -- we do have a box warning, as you know, with the ApoE4 patients who do have a higher rate of ARIA. And this, again, is really what we see across the different molecules.
Christopher Viehbacher: One of the things, Priya and I had was -- so Robin Kramer and Priya over the weekend after this super interesting paper about all that happened at AAIC and the differences. And the thing that struck me is just really how complex this is and how -- how much there is to really analyze and understand. But one of the things that struck me was that there is a difference in safety not just in the broad population but we see that in every subgroup too.
Priya Singhal: Yeah. Every subgroup.
Christopher Viehbacher: I mean looking at the ApoE group, heterozygous, homozygous is a difference. And if these drugs were similar, you wouldn't expect such a dramatic difference. I mean we're talking about in some subgroups, it can be as much as 3:1 ratio on the safety. And that's why I think we're going to spend an awful lot more time analyzing what's really going on here. And that's what I said at the outset. We're really just at the start of this. There's still so much we don't know, but this is going to generate an awful lot of research and we're going to start digging into this and understanding all of these different subtleties that are there. But I think these differences are going to be quite important. As Priya said, the jury is still out on that, but we have an awful lot of signs about what's really going on here. And that's why as a company, as Biogen, we don't see the launch of LEQEMBI as the end to our commitment to Alzheimer's. As Priya pointed out, we have other programs in Alzheimer's and we're going to be continuing to do research because it is really our ambition to be along with our partners, Eisai, the absolute leader in what we think is going to be an extremely significant market.
Chuck Triano: Great. Thank you for the insights. Next question, please.
Operator: Next question comes from Chris Schott with JPMorgan.
Chris Schott: Great. Thanks very much for the question. I just wanted to appreciate all the color on the call. But I just want to come back to the LEQEMBI and kind of the ramp from here. I know you've talked about this being kind of a gradual process. But based on the early feedback you've had from the market with the launch, I guess any incremental color of that? Is this at going faster or slower than you might have anticipated? And maybe just as part of that, what have been the biggest kind of positives or negatives on the rollout so far as we just try to kind of better assess how to think about the next few quarters and years from here? Thanks so much.
Christopher Viehbacher: Well, as to what you anticipate it's kind of hard, as I say, this is only the second time in my career where I've actually seen a brand-new therapeutic area actually open up. And so, when you think about Alzheimer's patients and visiting neurologists, beyond cognitive tests and as I say, perhaps prescribing the anti-cholinergic like donepezil, hasn't really been much to do. And now we do have a treatment. And this is going to upend a lot of the processes within neurology practices. It's extremely exciting. But really, the uptake is geared on how prepared are the sites. And this is variable around the country. You've had some sites. Obviously, they've been involved in clinical trials. Some of them have different patient populations and we see that some sites are quite advanced and are ready to go. Some sites have been more in a wait-and-see mode, but I think are all ramping up. One of the things that we have been doing is -- is really trying to figure out where are the sites that are really ready and actually deploying our resources to those sites with -- then a secondary type of approach to sites that aren't quite ready and helping them. So -- so it all depends on really how advanced the sites are, how ready they are that it's really going to define the uptake. And that's why we have to target our resources to that and really assess the site activation if you like. But so far, we're getting a lot of positive feedback. Physicians are getting a lot of inquiries from patients. I think they will have to figure out exactly what's the right patient for this and that's where we have to do a lot of education. And we have these online programs and other programs to help educate physicians. There's a significant amount. I mean you just talk about what we've been talking about in terms of these protofibrils, about the different patient populations, all of those things are going to engage the whole neurology community here. But so far, everything is -- as far as we're concerned, the launch is going to plan.
Chuck Triano: Thanks, Chris. And if we can just take our last question, operator.
Operator: Yes. Our last question comes from Paul Matteis with Stifel.
Paul Matteis: Hey. Thanks so much for taking my question. I wanted to just briefly come back to zuranolone. I've been really surprised by the lack of discussion on the call in the prepared remarks compared to prior calls. And can you just -- am I overly reading into this? I guess you're gearing up for potentially a new antidepressant approval. And Chris, at one point, you called this our most undervalued asset. So are you as bullish on this drug as you were before? And I guess if you didn't get the MDD approval, but that only got PPD, how would Biogen execute on that opportunity? Thank you.
Christopher Viehbacher: Look, we're in late-stage review. So I think it's pretty normal that we don't want to disturb that process. And we obviously don't want to say anything that affects the FDA. I have to confess to a little bit of superstitiousness on my side. And I just -- I'd like to see the FDA decision and then we'll be happy to talk lots about it. But the opportunity is huge out there, Paul.
Chuck Triano: Okay. Thanks, Chris, and thanks to everybody today for joining.
Operator: This does conclude today's conference call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2023 Q1  (2023-04-25 18:30:00) =====
Operator: Good morning. My name is Bettina and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Biogen First Quarter 2023 Earnings Call and Business Update. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Today's conference is being recorded. Thank you. I would now like to turn the conference over to Mr. Chuck Triano, Head of Investor Relations. Mr. Triano, you may begin your conference.
Chuck Triano: Thank you, Bettina. Good morning and welcome to Biogen's First Quarter 2023 Earnings Call. Before we begin, I encourage everyone to go to the investors section of biogen.com to find the earnings release and related financial tables, including our GAAP financial measures and a reconciliation of the GAAP to non-GAAP financial measures that we will discuss today on the call. Our GAAP financials are provided in Tables 1 and 2 and Table 4 includes a reconciliation of our GAAP to non-GAAP financial results. We believe non-GAAP financial results better represent the ongoing economics of our business and reflect how we manage the business internally. We have also posted slides on our website that follow the discussions related to this call. I would like to point out that we will be making forward-looking statements, which are based on our current expectations. These statements are subject to certain risks and uncertainties, and our actual results may differ materially. I encourage you to consult the risk factors discussed in our SEC filings for additional detail. On today's call, I am joined by our President and Chief Executive Officer, Chris Viehbacher; Dr. Priya Singhal, Head of Development; and our CFO, Mike McDonnell. Chris, Priya and Mike will each make opening comments and then we'll move to the Q&A session. To allow us to get through as many questions as possible, we kindly ask that you limit yourself to one question. I'll now turn the call over to Chris.
Christopher Viehbacher: Thank you, Chuck. Good morning, everybody. I'll start by first welcoming Chuck Triano as our new Head of Investor Relations. Great to have you on the team, Chuck. On our last call, we described five priorities for the business that you see on the first slide here. And during the first quarter, I think we made a lot of good progress against those five priorities. We are continuing to work toward the potential launches of LEQEMBI in Alzheimer's disease and Zuranolone in both MDD and PPD. And I'm going to cover that on the next slide because it's really in some ways a super priority. On the next point on improving the risk profile and productivity of R&D, Priya will review the steps to take -- taking to improve the risk profile of the productivity of R&D and you'll see that in greater detail. So I'm going to cover a little bit more on the cost base. The first thing I'd like to say is that we've made good progress on the previous program that had announced a billion dollars of cost savings. That -- those billion dollars have been secured and have been -- that program is complete. But over the last several months, I have been getting a better understanding of how the company operates, working with our senior leaders and thinking about how we operate at all levels of the company. We kicked in early at a global regional and affiliate level. And as we said before, we do have a higher cost base than the average company in our category. And so we've initiated an additional program to align our operations and cost base with the expected revenue while leaving enough money for the upcoming launches. And we internally refer to this program as fit-for-growth. And really what we're trying to do is balance the opportunity for profitable growth by investing in our product launches and the R&D projects that we deem priority with an attempt to try to reduce that cost base and get that back to something that looks a little bit more in line with our competitors. Now that's not just a simple job of taking out costs. What we're really trying to do is redesign the company. We have these two launches. They're going to have different geographic points of focus at the start. We won't have Zuranolone for few years outside of the US. Zuranolone is clearly a top priority in the short-term in the US. And outside the US, we're going to be certainly focused on the LEQEMBI launch in the first instance. So one of the things we want to do is make sure that we don't lose what is good in the company and what has been working. We also have to remember that we are still a leader in multiple sclerosis. There are lot of patients who depend upon our products and we have to make sure that the physicians who treat those patients have adequate information. So there is a balancing act as we tried to shift our resources behind the growth opportunities while still supporting our historic MS business. And so we're taking a -- essentially a bottoms-up and a methodical approach to this. This could have a much different approach to our operating model. We've been 45 years in multiple sclerosis with a limited product profile. Yes, we had at one point some products in hemophilia and obviously we have SPINRAZA. And as a result, we had an awful lot of centralized cost. Right now, we're looking at how do we get a lot more of our resource and our attention closer to the customer. So it's a redesign effort and it's meant to be durable. So, we do recognize that there is an opportunity to reduce cost, but we really are looking at something more transformational that really sets the company up for growth. We'll be able to say more about that in Q2. Another priority is really managing the base business. There's two dynamics in the company. We are a leader in MS, but that business is increasingly affected by competition. And we have growth opportunities with LEQEMBI and Zuranolone. So on the base business, the idea is how do we manage that business as profitably as we can. We did receive a favourable decision from the Court of Justice of the European Union related to TECFIDERA regulatory data and marketing protection, which was an important reinforcement of intellectual property and exclusivity rights. We believe this provides us marketing protection until at least February of next year. And we are looking to enforce that protection, but it will take a little time for the market to settle. And separately, we also continue to enforce our 2028 patent for TECFIDERA in the EU. We're also looking to aim to -- we're looking to maximize the profitability of the MS franchise. Up until now, the goal has been to defend revenue at all cost. I think now we want to take a little bit more of a nuanced approach of looking at where the opportunities in MS, where do we have intellectual property, where do we have still sales promotion sensitivity and tried to align our resources with that and perhaps look at other means of promoting products that are a little less expensive. We do believe that SPINRAZA can return to growth and we are seeing stabilization up there in the marketplace, gene therapy has not for everyone. And the oral therapy has its limits and there are still quite a few patients that suffer from SMA that don't benefit from any treatment. And as we announced at the previous quarter, we do have a formal process underway to evaluate strategic options for our biosimilars business. This is a very good business and I think especially with the launch of biosimilars for Humira, we are seeing an opportunity for the healthcare system to make important economies that help fund innovation and we need to think about who is the -- and how is the best way to manage this business and who might be the best owner of that business. On external growth, we're looking at external growth really from two perspectives. One is how do we balance the company a little bit more on its pipeline. It has been very neuroscience focused. But as I've argued in the past, I think with MS, which is basically an autoimmune disease, I think we could migrate into immunology. With SPINRAZA, I think, we have an experience in rare diseases and that will be reinforced with Tofersen. And, of course, we're in neuropsychiatry with Zuranolone. So these offer opportunities to think about how do we build out some of those franchises. Yeah, there is, no, I did describe this dynamic of the MS franchise declining slightly and new growth coming and we may look at external growth as a way of making sure that that transition is as smooth as possible from a results point of view. And I'm pleased to say that we have appointed Adam Keeney as our Head of Corporate Development. Adam has over 20 years of experience, not just in business development, but also in R&D and strategy across both large pharma and he was the CEO of a Biotech. So I think he's got some entrepreneurial spirit that will be very welcomed at Biogen. We do see LEQEMBI and Zuranolone as major contributors to revenue, but we want to continue to think about business development to support the growth trajectory and diversified as I said. So if I could have the next slide please. So we really got an unprecedented opportunity. We have today a PDUFA date for Tofersen. We have a PDUFA date on July for LEQEMBI and a PDUFA date in August for Zuranolone. I can't think of another major biopharmaceutical company that has that many new significant products to launch. That's a huge opportunity. But as I said earlier, we have to think about capabilities on that. These are going to be different areas. Obviously, LEQEMBI is little closer to home, since it's still in neurologist, but there's an awful lot of market building we will have to be done there. And, of course, Zuranolone takes us into a much different area and a much different position franchise. But we're making our milestones. We received accelerated approval in the US back in January. We filed for traditional approval in the US on the same day and within the EU, Japan and Eisai initiated regulatory filing in China. Filing all of those dossiers in that kind of timeframe is really quite significant and I have to congratulate our colleagues at Eisai for this effort. These filings have received priority review in the US, Japan and China. And, of course, a major milestone in that Veterans Health Administration has decided to reimburse LEQEMBI. Now, LEQEMBI is going to be the first anti-amyloid antibody to receive traditional approval globally hopefully in July. As we said, this is not a straightforward launch, it's a complex diagnosis involving PET scans, lumbar puncture for amyloid confirmation, specialists who are already busy, MRI imaging, bi-weekly infusion. And we know that capacity could be an issue initially. CMS reimbursement will be the next major milestone, which we expect to have an answer on once the product has received full approval as expected following the PDUFA date in July. More importantly though, we are looking at how do we right now alleviate those bottlenecks. Yes, CMS is there, but both companies are already thinking about what we can do to make this easier for patients and actually reduce cost. Eisai and Biogen are pursuing maintenance dosing in the subcu formulation. Blood-based diagnostics, as I've said in the past, are really going to be a game-changer in this space. And we believe that over time, capacity is going to expand to meet the need. For reimbursement, this is a big question, the Veterans' Association is certainly helpful. I would just point out that compared to the situation that ADUHELM faced, we are getting a lot more support from Congress. The American Association of Neurologist has written in support. And I know that a number of patient advocacy groups are active and ensuring that patients have access to this important therapy. So Eisai is responsible under the contract for engaging with CMS and we would hope to see broad coverage coming out of the CMS decision. Now I'd like to talk about Zuranolone just for a few minutes. I mean, Zuranolone is still I think an underestimated asset in our portfolio. Unfortunately, a lot of people suffered from depression, so it is a large market. There are clearly a number of older medicines that are available. The main problem with those are the side effects of those medicines and the length of time it takes for them to work. And Zuranolone works potentially in three days and it's going to be a different type of launch because we're talking about a treatment that works in two weeks. The only analogue I can find that is in a way similar was Zithromax. So we do know that there is going to be some need for education, physicians are used to treating on a chronic basis. As we launch even, we're going to have to think about different metrics. One of the things in the launch that you look for is when the NRxs switched to TRxs. Well, we're not going to see that. They are not going to be TRxs with the product. So I think there are these changes in physician behaviour. This is a paradigm shift and paradigm shift is not always a good thing in pharmaceutical marketing as we know. However, what really drives us, this is a product that really makes a difference for patients. This is a product that, well, it's efficacious, it works fast. And think about the freedom of knowing that after two weeks that you can stop taking Zuranolone. So I think that is going to be an enormous opportunity. And I'll just finish with Tofersen on this, it is not a big product obviously, about 300 patients. But it's classic Biogen. There is a -- we have a long history in ALS, lot of setbacks. But the organization has an ability to learn and adapt and Biogen was able to partner with the scientific community to help characterize neurofilament as a biomarker in neuromuscular disorders. This is a huge deal because neurofilament will be relevant to a lot of researchers who are looking at ALS. So I think we've got some ground-breaking science here. And this is where Biogen has had the resilience to go after a lot of significant unmet need that -- has resolved things in a way that not everybody has been able to do. Next slide, if I could. We've got a number of milestones coming, as you can see here on the slide. By our Q2 call, we would expect to be in a different place with LEQEMBI. We should hopefully have the PDUFA date behind us successfully. Hopefully, we've received a traditional approval and broader CMS coverage in the US. And, of course, we'll be communicating more about our fit-for-growth cost optimization program. By the end of this year, hopefully we've got the first ex-US approval of LEQEMBI in Japan and hopefully we'll have received the approval for Zuranolone in both MDD and PPD as well as having completed a three-month DEA scheduling period and initiated the launch. And if I look further ahead by the end of -- by the time -- this time next year, I think we have an opportunity to build a global footprint of LEQEMBI with approvals in Europe and China. And, of course, we'll take the next steps on evolving the treatment paradigm with Alzheimer's disease with an expected regulatory filing of LEQEMBI maintenance dosing. We would also expect regulatory filings for subcutaneous dosing, which could facilitate at-home administration. So in conclusion, through a combination of ground breaking of sign, high-potential near-term commercial opportunities and diligent capital allocation. I think Biogen is going to be well-positioned for the sustainable long-term growth. I'd like to now turn it over to Priya for an update on our progress in R&D.
Priya Singhal: Thank you, Chris. Last quarter, we made important progress advancing key pipeline programs. As Chris just pointed out, we now have the opportunity to deliver three potential new drug launches across four indications this year, all in areas of high unmet need, including Alzheimer's disease, major depressive disorder, postpartum depression and SOD1-ALS. We also continue to evaluate potential opportunities for geographic and indication expansion for Zuranolone as we work with our collaborator Sage to prepare for a potential US launch later this year. I will share key highlights from the quarter across broader efforts in Alzheimer's disease, the Tofersen program in SOD1-ALS and the progress that we're making to rebalance the risk profile and improved productivity of the R&D pipeline. I will now share highlights of additional analysis Eisai recently presented or published, consistent with both companies' commitment to transparency. First, regarding activities of daily living. New analysis of ADCS-MCI-ADL presented at AD/PD last month, showed that all individual items of this scale favoured LEQEMBI at 18 months as compared to placebo. This includes items like ability to make a meal or keeping appointment. This result also measures Clarity AD study outcome on the CDR sum of boxes where LEQEMBI treatment slowed decline across all six individual domains at 18 months versus placebo. Additionally, results from Clarity AD showed that at 18 months, LEQEMBI treatment resulted in a 50% less decline from baseline on scales designed to assess quality-of-life and reduced care partner burden as compared to placebo. In addition was also presented an updated analysis of ARIA from the CLARITY AD study to evaluate ARIA incidents in LEQEMBI-treated participants on antiplatelet or anticoagulant drugs as compared to LEQEMBI-treated participants that were not on either. The results were encouraging and showed that ARIA incidents were similar in the two groups. In addition to the data presented at AD/PD, newly published analysis from LEQEMBI Phase II study reinforce the finding that while plaques level begin to return slowly after treatment discontinuation, other biomarkers of AD biology such as Plasma Abeta42/40 ratio re-accumulate quickly. We believe these findings further support the potential benefit of continued treatment with LEQEMBI after plaques have been removed. Building on their prior work, Eisai published a new analysis of the long-term health outcomes associated with LEQEMBI treatment. Updated analysis incorporated data from the Phase III CLARITY AD study, replacing the prior modeling that used Phase IIb study results. The analysis of the Phase III data, consistent with the analysis of the prior Phase IIb study results, showed that LEQEMBI resulted in a delay of approximately two to three years in meantime to progression to mild, moderate and severe AD dementia versus standard of care alone. We believe these results build upon and reinforce the significant body of evidence that has been generated on LEQEMBI. Biogen is committed to building on a deep expertise and experience in Alzheimer's disease by advancing an industry-leading Alzheimer's pipeline that is diversified across therapeutic modalities and molecular targets. This includes focusing on tau. Intracellular neurofibrillary tangle, which represent a pathological hallmark of Alzheimer's are composed of hyperphosphorylated tau protein. Unlike amyloid plaques, which are observed to build up in the brain years before the onset of cognitive symptoms, tau tangles are more closely related to the neuronal cell loss and onset of clinical symptoms. To address our pathology, we are advancing BIIB080, an antisense oligonucleotide targeting tau mRNA aiming to reduce all forms of tau protein. Importantly, this is a very different approach than utilizing a tau-directed antibody which is hypothesized to target only extracellular tau. We were encouraged by the early results of this ASO-based approach as evidenced by the BIIB080 Phase Ib data in Alzheimer's disease which were presented last month at AD/PD and also published in Nature Medicine, which went live online yesterday. Phase Ib data shown here on the slide. BIIB080 was generally well tolerated. Majority of adverse events were mild or moderate in severity. Of which the most common were headache, back pain and post-lumbar puncture syndrome. We observed a time and dose-dependent reduction in CSF total and phospho-tau across the multiple ascending dose and long-term extension periods. Total tau continued to decline 16 weeks following the last dose in the MAD portion of the study, both in the high dose Q4 weekly and the Q12 weekly dose and we saw a 50% reduction from base lines. We observed an effect on neurofibrillary tangle, as visualized, via tau PET as early as 25 weeks across all brain regions assessed. Reduction in tau burden in all treatment groups at the end of the open-label extension at 100 weeks. The BIIB080 study is the first to demonstrate this magnitude of tau PET reduction across brain regions. Encouraged by these early results, we continue to enroll the Phase II CELIA study of BIIB080 in early Alzheimer's disease, where we are exploring different dosing regimens, including every 12 weeks and every 24 week dosing. Last month, an advisory committee by the FDA met to review the Tofersen data in SOD1-ALS. The advisory committee unanimously agreed that reduction in plasma neurofilament light is reasonably likely to predict clinical benefit of Tofersen for the treatment of SOD1-ALS. And they also reached a consensus that the benefit-risk profile was favourable. As Chris mentioned, Biogen has spent years collaborating with the scientific community to characterize neurofilament as a marker of axonal injury and neurodegeneration and we view the outcome of the advisory committee as a significant advancement for the field. We believe these developments also inform our other programs in ALS, including BIIB105, an antisense oligonucleotide targeting ataxin-2 which may have therapeutic potential in the broader ALS population. BIIB105 aims to reduce ataxin-2 protein levels, which we hypothesized will reduce toxic TDP-43 clusters that are observed in nearly all people living with ALS. Preclinical experiments confirm that reduction of ataxin-2 levels modified survival and function in a mouse model of TDP-43 ALS. The Phase I/II study of BIIB105 in ALS is expected to read out early next year. We continue to advance our R&D prioritization efforts with the goals of optimizing the value that our pipeline can deliver. This includes investing in areas where we have a strong conviction in the disease biology. We continue to invest in further data generation for LEQEMBI and Zuranolone and remain focused on executing key clinical studies, including BIIB080 and BIIB105 as well as for litifilimab in lupus. We also made the decision to opt in to Denali Antibody Transport Vehicle A-beta program. With the ATV A-beta, we aim to safely increase exposure of A-beta antibody in the brain. This may enable improved plaque clearance and/or lower incidence of ARIA. We are also deprioritizing programs based upon our integrated view of development, regulatory and on commercialization challenges. Recent updates include that we decided to terminate involvement in the development of BIIB093 programs in large hemispheric infarction and brain contusion due to operational challenges and strategic considerations. We decided to pause initiation of the Phase IIb study of BIIB131 in acute ischemic stroke as we reassess whether we need to initiate the study. We discontinued BIIB132 in spinocerebellar ataxia type 3. We previously announced that we had refocused our investment in gene therapy and we will continue to look to advance technology associated with the safe delivery of these therapies to the right targets in the body which we believe is one of the most critical scientific and technical challenges that is currently associated with this modality. We also had previously announced that we exited ophthalmology research with goals of reallocating resources to areas where we believe there is a greater probability of success. This will be an ongoing process, involving dynamic scientific prioritization and investment based on an ongoing assessment of probability of success, but we expect to complete our initial substantial review by midyear. In conclusion, Biogen has had a significant number of accomplishments this past quarter, which we believe highlights the ability of our R&D organization to capitalize and deliver on ground-breaking science in the pursuit of new medicines for patients. With key assets in areas like Alzheimer's disease, depression, ALS and lupus, we believe the Biogen pipeline has the potential to deliver significant growth over the medium and long term. I will now pass the call over to Mike for the financial results.
Michael McDonnell: Thank you, Priya. Good morning, everyone. So I'll provide some highlights of our financial performance for the first quarter and please note that all financial comparisons that you will hear are versus the first quarter of 2022. Total revenue for the first quarter was $2.5 billion and that's a decrease of 3% at actual currency and flat at constant currency. Non-GAAP diluted earnings per share in the first quarter was $3.40, a decrease of 6%. Total MS product revenue was $1.1 billion, a decrease of 19% at actual currency and 17% at constant currency. I'd like to provide a few points here regarding MS during the quarter. In the U.S., we continue to see the impact of TECFIDERA generics declines in the interferons and competition for TYSABRI. As we noted in our last call, Q1 is typically a seasonally weaker quarter for our MS business in the U.S., and that's driven by higher discounts and allowances and some channel dynamics. And as it relates to channel dynamics, we did see a greater-than-expected decrease in channel inventory which added a few percentage points to the overall global decline. And we believe this is likely related to tighter working capital management in wholesalers and specialty pharmacies, due to the rising interest rate environment. In addition, VUMERITY is being impacted by both pricing pressure and a contraction of the oral segment of the market in the U.S. And as a reminder, in Q1 of last year, VUMERITY did benefit from a favourable Medicaid-related sales adjustment which also impacts the year-over-year comparison. As far as Europe, as you know, we received a favourable decision relating to the TECFIDERA regulatory data and marketing protection in the EU and that was assumed in our guidance. So we believe that TECFIDERA is entitled to regulatory marketing protection in EU until at least February of 2024 and we are working to enforce this protection. I would add that we did expect it would take some time following the decision for all generic products to be off the market and we are assuming that this exit will accelerate in the near term. Separately, we continue to enforce our patent which expires in 2028. So as we look toward the remainder of the year, we do expect to see a slower rate of decline on a year-over-year basis versus what we saw in Q1. We've taken some actions which aim to improve the underlying revenue trajectory for our MS portfolio in the second half, including for VUMERITY in the U.S., and we're continuing to closely monitor the underlying market dynamics in MS closely. Moving to SMA. Global SPINRAZA revenue of $443 million was a decrease of 6% in actual currency and 2% at constant currency. In the U.S., SPINRAZA revenue decreased 10% due to fewer new patient starts and some channel dynamics as compared to the first quarter of last year. However, we do continue to see what we believe are signs of stabilization in our patient base. Outside the U.S., revenue for SPINRAZA decreased 4% at actual currency and increased 2% at constant currency with competition more than offset by the timing of shipments in certain markets. Biosimilars revenue was $192 million, and that's a decline of 1% at actual currency and an increase of 4% at constant currency and that's due to volume growth driven by the launch of our BYOOVIZ product partially offset by continued pricing pressure for our anti-TNF products in Europe. Alzheimer's disease revenue, which includes revenue from ADUHELM and the LEQEMBI collaboration equated to a headwind of $18 million to revenue. As a reminder, beginning this quarter, our share of LEQEMBI commercial expenses in the U.S. is recorded as a component of revenue, thus the negative number this quarter. And for this line item, we expect this to continue to be negative in 2023 as ramping LEQEMBI commercialization expenses throughout the year are expected to exceed initial revenue. Total anti-CD20 revenue of $399 million was flat. Revenue from OCREVUS royalties increased 12%, which was partially offset by a 25% decline in revenue from our profit share on RITUXAN, and that was driven by biosimilar competition. The anti-CD20 revenue line also included a $10 million operating loss related to LUNSUMIO. I'd note that our R&D expense for LUNSUMIO is also recorded as a component of the anti-CD20 revenue line. Important to note that starting in the second quarter, our pre-tax profit share percentage on RITUXAN, GAZYVA and LUNSUMIO will decrease from 37.5% to 35% and that [Technical Difficulty] sales targets for GAZYVA as part of our contractual agreement with Genentech. Contract manufacturing royalty and other revenue of $319 million benefited from the timing of production of some contract manufacturing batches which includes LEQEMBI. While this line tends to vary from quarter-to-quarter, we do not expect this level of contract manufacturing revenue to continue throughout the remainder of 2023. A couple of details regarding Q1 expenses. For the first quarter, non-GAAP cost of sales was $663 million or 27% of revenue. This includes $45 million of idle capacity charges which Eisai no longer shares. During Q1, we did see pressure on cost of sales associated with product mix. We saw increased contract manufacturing revenue which has a higher cost of sales including manufacturing revenue for LEQEMBI which is at minimal gross margin. We continue to expect our cost of sales as a percentage of revenue for the remainder of the year to be higher than the 22.4% that we saw for full year of 2022 and that's primarily as a result of product mix and idle capacity charges. First quarter non-GAAP R&D expense was $571 million and that compares to $552 million in the first quarter of last year. Non-GAAP SG&A was $603 million and this compares to $635 million in the first quarter of 2022. The decrease in non-GAAP SG&A expense was driven primarily by cost savings initiatives which importantly were partially offset by investments to support new product launches and $31 million related to the termination of the co-promotion agreement with Eisai to Biogen's MS products in Japan. We continue to expect operating expenses to be lower in the second half of 2023 than in the first half. And as Chris mentioned, separate from the previously announced $1 billion cost savings initiative, we have initiated our fit-for-growth program in order to align our cost base with expected revenue while also investing in our growth opportunities. And we expect this program to have a modest impact on 2023 expenses and a more meaningful impact in 2024 and beyond and we'll have more to say about this on our second quarter earnings call. As for our balance sheet, we ended the quarter with $6 billion in cash and marketable securities, $6.3 billion in debt and roughly $300 million in net debt. Subsequent to the end of the quarter, we received approximately $813 million related to the sale of our equity stake in Samsung Bioepis, which is not included in these cash figures. And this payment is the second payment related to this transaction which closed around this time last year and we're expecting a third payment of approximately $438 million in April of 2024. In the first quarter, we generated $455 million in cash flow from operations. CapEx was $67 million. Free cash flow was $389 million. So overall, we remain in a very strong financial position with significant cash and financial capacity to invest in growing the business over time. Let me now turn to financial guidance for full year 2023. We are reaffirming our full year guidance of a full year 2023 revenue decline in the mid-single-digit percentage range as compared to 2022 reported results and full year 2023 non-GAAP diluted earnings per share of between $15 and $16 and I would refer you to our press release for other important guidance assumptions. So in closing, Biogen continued to make strong progress against our business priorities in the first quarter. We remain focused on three potential launches in 2023 while continuing to be diligent in prioritizing our R&D pipeline, optimizing our operating model and also evaluating external opportunities. We expect that execution of these priorities will position us well for returning Biogen to sustainable growth and creating long-term value for our shareholders. And with that we will now open the call for questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Phil Nadeau of TD Cowen. Please go ahead.
Phil Nadeau: Good morning. Thanks for taking our question. Our question is on LEQEMBI reimbursement. What is Biogen's expectation for reimbursement post full approval? Do you expect coverage with evidence development or some other form? And second, when do you think that will be clear? CMS has suggested that the coverage will be revised on the day of approval. Is that going to be the final determination or will there be subsequent revisions after that? Thank you.
Michael McDonnell: Chris, do we have you? Do you want to start?
Christopher Viehbacher: Yes. I hope if I got off mute. Yes, thanks, Phil. Nothing really new to report there, at least as far as CMS. CMS has said that following full approval that they will be making sure that the product is broadly available. I think there will be a question of existing registry, what type of registry, is there a cap on the registry that hasn't been defined at the moment. I think what really is encouraging is that we're seeing an awful lot of support being mustered and encouragement of CMS to reimburse. As I noted earlier, the American Association of neurologists has come out strongly in favour. As a reminder, they sided more with CMS at the time of ADUHELM. So this is a change in position. Over twice as many members of Congress have written to CMS and did for ADUHELM. And some of you may have been following the budget discussions in Washington and Congress with also an encouragement for CMS to make the product available. So we continue to believe that the product will be made available. We would hope that it's not with a registry. There's no real need for a registry. And we don't really see why this product wouldn't be reimbursed like any other product for Medicare. But we're probably not going to see anything until after the PDUFA date.
Operator: We will now take a question from Paul Matteis of Stifel. Please go ahead.
Paul Matteis: Thanks so much for taking my question. I wanted to follow up a little bit more on external investments as it relates to reshaping your pipeline. Chris, you've outlined rare disease, psychiatry and immunology historically. It would seem like if you're going to decrease the risk profile of your R&D strategy that immunology and rare would be more on the developmental side, whereas for a psychiatry asset you want something that was either clinically de-risked or commercial. Is that the right way to think about it? And what's your appetite today for transacting before shoring up everything in-house? Thank you.
Christopher Viehbacher: Thanks, Paul. No, I think, you've got that correct. I mean, you could certainly look at some tuck-in acquisitions on the rare side. We have, as I noted earlier, appointed Adam as Head of Corporate Development and Business Development. I think another key figure will be the appointment of a new Head of Research and I would hope to have that person in place at least by the end of the summer. And that person, along with Priya and Adam, are really going to be the three that I'll be working with to think about certainly from a licensing point of view. In terms of more transactions, I think we would be more inclined to find something that is revenue generating in the near term. If you look at Biogen, really from 2025 onwards, I think the company has an ability to grow pretty significantly. But in the next couple of years, that's where we're in this -- the tide going out on MS and the tide coming in on new products. We obviously have a lever with cost that we can use, but external growth could also help us to manage that transition period.
Operator: We will now take a question from Geoff Meacham of Bank of America.
Geoff Meacham: Good morning, guys. Thanks so much for the question. Chris or Priya on BIIB080, we've seen a lot of tau assets underwhelmed in trials as a monotherapy and you guys are in a unique position to assess tau along with LEQEMBI. So the question is, what do you need to see in Phase II to advance a combo? And strategically, how much of a priority do you think this would be? Thank you.
Christopher Viehbacher: Priya?
Priya Singhal: Yes. Thanks, Geoff. Great question. So I'll just step back and say, obviously, Alzheimer's disease is a very complex disease with multiple biologies and complex pathophysiology. We do see ourselves as pioneers in this space and we have been successful with demonstrating the A-beta plaques as being central. And now we've kind of shifted gears to looking at tau. As you know, we had a lot of experience with extracellular tau and this was actually not successful because BIIB092 didn't work which was gosuranemab. And we have really focused now on knocking down all post-translational isoforms of tau. So that's what BIIB080 is aiming to do. As we've shared, I mean, obviously, these numbers are small in the Phase Ib study that went online in a publication yesterday in major medicine. But very encouraging because we have seen close to 50% reduction of total tau and the sustained reduction post dosing. So this is very encouraging. As we kind of think about Alzheimer's leadership and we think about multiple therapies, we have to first assess how tau knockdown kind of translates into clinical outcomes, how much is fired. Because when you look at the mouse models, transgenic mouse models for tau, you do see that about 50% actually can rescue neuronal cell loss and memory. So it's encouraging, but we need to see more data from Phase III. That's exactly how we're approaching it. Eventually, I think we do believe strongly that this is going to be a multimodality space and patients will probably need more than one therapy. Now whether it will be combination or which way you have to determine whether it's synergistic or whether it could be additive that remains to be seen. And I think we're going to let the data drive us on many of these questions. But we're looking at all of this very, very carefully. Right now, we're focusing on tau knockdown, all isoforms, as well as our Phase I asset, which has been 113 which is looking at preventing tau aggregation. So that's how we're focusing our efforts.
Christopher Viehbacher: If I could just follow up on that though, I think, Priya, I mean this is -- Priya noted that we've been through the pipeline and we have deprioritized some programs. But that's not just in an effort to reduce cost, it's really to be able to focus resources on those assets that we think are most promising. I can tell you, following the announcement of these results in Sweden and then also publication of the article in Nature. There's been a lot of attention on BIIB080 particularly from neurology community. And I think this is one of those assets that we really want to focus on. We've actually already allocated more resources to accelerate this program. And as Priya said, this is really one of the first manifestations of what it means to build a leadership position in Alzheimer's as opposed to just launching one product in this space. So most complex diseases do end up being combination therapies and there is some likelihood that will be the case in Alzheimer's. And to your point, I think Biogen is pretty well placed in that regard. And we're certainly getting even external interest in this program.
Operator: We will now take a question from Salveen Richter of Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Salveen Richter: Good morning. Thanks for taking question. On LEQEMBI, could you discuss your strategy here with respect to infrastructure, particularly infusion centers and testing post a potential full approval and assuming broad coverage by CMS?
Christopher Viehbacher: Sure. Thanks for the question. One of the most interesting things is that the companies actually went through a launch planning process with ADUHELM and actually commissioned a study to actually have a look and understand what the learnings of that are. And there's an awful lot of chicken and egg syndrome going on here. Until there's been an approved therapy and reimbursement, there often isn't enough investment in other areas. We see this with blood based diagnostic for example. They've been around, but there's no market for a blood based diagnostic until you actually have an approved drug and a treatment. And the same is true really for the investment in infusion capacity and PET scans and lumbar punctures and even the neurology capacity. So what we certainly are seeing is that there is a lot more interest. There are a lot of parties who are looking to invest in some of this infrastructure. But right now, the world is almost in a point of, well, the starting gate is really CMS approval. One of the things that we also learned was, you want to flex your commercial investment with the ability of the system to actually meet patients. I think one of the things that we would do differently and are doing differently is that, at the time Biogen ramped up a huge commercial machine in advance of reimbursement and in advance of some of that expansion. As we work with Eisai, we're being a lot more prudent in looking at, okay, let's make sure we're out there, we're educating physicians, we're thinking about who's the right patient for this and working with the different centers to make sure we know which centers are -- have the ability to see patients and process the patients with this complex treatment paradigm. So it will expand. And I think some of that expanded already at the time of ADUHELM. But I but do think that we'll see -- we'll get a better sense of where that's going once we have the confirmation of CMS's reimbursement.
Operator: We will now take a question from Umer Raffat of Evercore.
Umer Raffat: Hi, guys. Good morning. Thanks for taking my question. I thought I would get some clarity on the minus $19 million in collaboration profit share on lecanemab. And specifically, is there any color we can get on what the end user revenues could look like from this minus $38 million for the franchise for 1Q, even if it's a fraction of $1 million. It would just be very helpful. And also has Eisai indicated to you on where they are or what percentage of the commercial build out has already been baked into this 1Q number or not? Because you can imagine there's a lot of investor concern around how much SG&A they could possibly build into this collaboration, especially in light of some of the concerns around the strained relationship from the past, et cetera. Thank you very much.
Christopher Viehbacher: Thanks, Umer. Mike, do you want to take the first part of the question, and I'll talk about the commercial infrastructure statement.
Michael McDonnell: Sure. No, happy to. So Umer, as you know, the line item that you're referring to is the net of any revenue and commercial expense divided by two, basically, as you noted. And we are -- we don't have a number that we're going to disclose on the revenue. What I can say is there was revenue during the quarter. It was minimal. The majority of patients on drug are cash pay. There's not reimbursement yet, as you know. And I think the real game, so to speak, starts when we have reimbursement should we get approval and get to that point. So, yes, revenue was minimal. The majority of it was cost divided by two. And I'll let Chris speak to the ramp from here.
Christopher Viehbacher: Yes. Thanks, Mike. Just in terms of relationship, I was in Japan last week and the CEO of Eisai and I had dinner. And I think our view is that the relationship and the partnership is actually working pretty effectively around the world. And as I said earlier, and I've said on a number of occasions, this is not a reach and frequency launch. So let's not think about the fact that we're just sending reps out and then that's going to have some impact directly on sales. There's an awful lot of certainly education that's being done. We actually -- Eisai has already reps out there in the field in the U.S. We, as Biogen, will likely -- will add reps in the -- at some point in the future, perhaps as early as next year, once reimbursement situation is known and the capacity increases. As I say, one of the lessons that we have to learn is that you don't want to get ahead of that. This is -- the initial launch period is going to be really one that's constrained by the capacity. And so there's an awful lot of work working with the neurology community, educate how you diagnose the patient, the whole process in a practice of -- when do you get the PET scan or the lumbar puncture, when are the -- how do you schedule the MRIs, getting the reimbursement, understanding where the infusion centers are. So it's a pretty high touch sell and customer relations at the start. I would say there's an initial investment, there'll be a second wave of investment once the CMS decision is known and then probably a third wave of investment as the capacity builds and the patient numbers increase.
Operator: Our next question comes from Tim Anderson of Wolfe Research.
Alice Nettleton: Hi. Thank you for taking our question. This is Alice Nettleton on for Tim Anderson. Just on Alzheimer's, so we're wondering what is Biogen's working assumption on how the profile of Lilly's Donanemab will look relative to LEQEMBI. Past data would suggest it would be less safe with efficacy about the same. Is that how Biogen views the most likely outcome? Thank you.
Christopher Viehbacher: Yes. Thanks for the question. I don't think we really look at it that way. When -- I think the world changed with the CLARITY study. If we went back two years ago, three years ago, a lot of still doubt amongst the neurology community, does the amyloid beta hypothesis really hold water. There's been a huge debate within the community about whether that's a valid target or not. CLARITY, I think, really starts to put that debate to rest. And but the studies were done over -- in the case of CLARITY in an 18-month time frame. But actually, what we're seeing is that the world has moved on. Those 18 months, yes, we would dramatically reduce plaque and we actually see that there is a benefit in terms of slower cognitive decline. But that's not where it's going to end. In all likelihood, the way this is shaping up is that you're going to have at some point a plaque clearing phase. Then what happens after you've cleared the plaque? If you don't continue treating, the plaque is going to come back. So there's going to be, in all likelihood, a maintenance phase, that's where also the subcu formulation will be important. And then as we all know, MCI is not really early stage Alzheimer's. By the time you have MCI, by the time you have symptoms, you probably already have a maximum load of plaque. There are probably people on this call who are accumulating plaque in their brains as we speak and they don't know it. And by the time a certain amount of plaque has risen, then you've already had a certain amount of neuronal death. And right now, we don't know how to restore neurons. So there's also going to be, with the advance of blood diagnostics, but also even Eisai Biogen study ahead and looking at earlier patients, as one neurologist said, we're not looking at this any longer as a four to eight year disease, but we're looking at this over the time frame of a 25-year period. So if I look at donanemab finite, in some ways, it will be good if their data are positive, that it further reinforces the amyloid -- the beta amyloid hypothesis. And also there's -- we've always seen in new markets if there's more players that those markets develop faster. But this donanemab thought process of I'm just treating to a certain amount of plaque reduction. Most neurologists I talked to don't believe that fits anymore with the way we're thinking about the treatment of Alzheimer's. So I think it will be there, but I think it's going to be -- it's not really going to be adopted in the same way that people thought when that study was conceived. So let's say, I think, it will be good if there's other players in the market. But I don't think we are too concerned about competing with donanemab.
Operator: We will now take a question from Michael Yee of Jefferies. Please go ahead.
Michael Yee: Hi. Thank you. Good morning. We had a question around your expectations post reimbursement around the LEQEMBI launch. Appreciating you can't give too many specifics, but how should we think about that in the context of consensus modeling $40 million to $45 million, $400 million for next year? Maybe you could help right-size how things start off, whether there's a bolus or a number of patients already in the queue and in the context of how we should be modeling the next four to six quarters? Thank you.
Christopher Viehbacher: Yes, I wish I could give you some more guidance on that. As I'd like to say, I'm pretty confident in the three to five year outlook. The next 18 months are a little more difficult to model even for us. There is an awful lot of interest. There probably will be some queuing. There is going to be a question around the -- how quickly can the system flex. The way I would think about it is and the way I look at Biogen is I think Zuranolone actually is a product that can actually contribute faster to our sales growth in 2024. And I do think that one, yes, it's a paradigm shift, but there's a clear patient benefit and we don't have all of the infrastructure challenges to overcome. So to me, I look to more to the impact of Zuranolone next year. And the -- we'll be able to give a lot better idea by the end of this year once we see what's the initial take-off in the first six months once CMS issues its reimbursement.
Operator: Our next question comes from Robyn Karnauskas of Truist Securities.
Robyn Karnauskas: Hi. Thanks for taking my question and all the colors has been very helpful. So just on if there is a registry, can you just talk to if you would foresee a registry being how much of a bottleneck it might create? How might it be paid for? And so help us, when we see that decision, understand what the challenges would be or it may not be as cumbersome as some might think? Thanks.
Christopher Viehbacher: Well, there are certainly versions of a registry that are not particularly cumbersome and the devil is going to be in the detail. That's why, again, we would hope that actually CMS reimburses this product just like any other product. When you think that diverse and underserved patients in the health care system suffer disproportionately more in Alzheimer's, it would seem that increasing the barriers for those patients by the need for navigating a registry would be highly unfair to those patients. But we'll wait and see. Our belief is that the data from CLARITY are extremely clear. The benefits are by no means limited to what you see in the CDR Sum of Boxes. As Priya said, when you look at those activities of daily life, which are evaluated by people who are with these patients every single day and you have half a dozen measures and each one of them individually is statistically significant that says to me that -- and versus placebo, this says to me that the people who see these patients every day understand the benefit of this new medicine and treatment. And so I think the data are compelling and we would hope that there isn't a registry. And if there is a registry that it is minimally cumbersome for patients to act and their caregivers to navigate.
Operator: We will now take a question from Marc Goodman of SVB Securities.
Marc Goodman: Good morning. Priya, maybe you could just help us with what's similar about these programs that were stopped? I mean, obviously, there's a few in stroke and a few others. But what is similar there? And it was interesting, strokes in Phase III, so does that mean that we could see some other late-stage assets that get cold from the pipeline? Just philosophically, just big picture, how you've thought about these decisions? Thanks.
Priya Singhal: Sure. So the way we've thought about these decisions is really we're looking at every program in great depth and several times over and thinking about what are the options, what are the operational and strategic and regulatory challenges, but also opportunities. And so really, it's an integrated view of where we believe that our resources would be better applied to other programs in our portfolio currently. That is, I would say, the common denominator across all the divisions that you're hearing from us today. We believe that we should be spending time elsewhere. Now having said that, you said the BIIB093 is in Phase III. I can't really comment on what might be the outcome. But for now, we are really discontinuing development.
Operator: We will now take a question from Terence Flynn of Morgan Stanley.
Terence Flynn: Great. Thanks so much for taking the question. Maybe a follow-up for Chris on Zuranolone. I think during your prepared remarks, you noted that this asset is underestimated. And based on your answer to the prior question, it sounds like potentially you think there could be some upside to numbers. So should we read that as -- is that the takeaway, that you think there's upside out of your consensus estimates here for that asset? And then just any update on the commercial footprint in terms of the build and what that might ultimately look like over time? Thank you.
Christopher Viehbacher: Yes. Thanks, Marc. It is interesting, and I look at it, and I take what analysts and investors say very seriously. And -- but I definitely see that, as a company, we see a much higher potential for Zuranolone than what the street has. And I'm trying to figure out why there is that gap, I haven't really come up with a good answer other than I think the investment community has been so focused on things like rare diseases and oncology where you've got some very clear biomarkers, you've got some very precise medicine. Precision medicine is a big thing in both of those fields. And we're back into primary care. We're back into a disease state that is -- has a lot more challenge in actually diagnosing, even as you look at different indications. For instance, we take something like bipolar depression and major depressive disorder and general anxiety disorder and these things are often seen in the same patient. And indeed when you actually talk to psychiatrists, they'll tell you that this is a -- this is truly personalized medicine. Psychiatrist tends to be less swayed by guidelines, by what KOLs say and more about understanding the individual patient needs. So this is not what people have been used to looking at. It's all clinical data and everything else. And so I think from a commercial model point of view, the market is having a little bit more difficulty understanding how does the physician make a decision about their patient. I can tell you is that we've talked to a lot of patients. We've had patients into our global executive committee. We had physicians talk to our global executive committee. It is a much different approach than certainly what our company has been used to in terms of dealing with neurologists. But what is also really clear is that there is a significant unmet need. Patients cycle through therapy. They're not adequately satisfied by those therapies. There's an awful lot of stigma here and staying on medicine only reinforces that stigma. I've talked to physicians who say, we have people coming into the emergency room and we can't help them. There are no beds. We give them an SSRI or something like that and hope that someone is going to watch them for six weeks. So the fact that you can have a medicine that responds quickly. If you're in a depressed phase, this is a very dark part of people's lives. And when you hear the patient stories about how suddenly their life has changed. We had a patient who've been suffering on and off for almost 20 years, a mother of three children, grandmother of five children. And within days, she felt better. She's gotten her qualification as a fitness instructor. She's going now for a pilot license. I mean this is really transformational for so many patients. And that's what I really go by in. Another way I look at it, Marc, is I look at when you're recruiting salespeople. We have 27 roles. The first line manager roles in our field force that we're looking at. We had over 4,000 applications for those roles. And these are people who are working for great companies and supporting great products. And I remember when we were launching Aubagio and there weren't high expectations of Aubagio. But when we built that field force, we were able to recruit a great team. And salespeople do their own diligence. They tend to want to be a part of medicines that they see as important. And I see a lot of signs where I think this is going to resonate with the patient. It is certainly resonating with the sales folks that we are recruiting. And I certainly hear it from a lot of key opinion leaders. So it's hard to -- the only thing that I see where there's a note of caution is that it is clearly a paradigm shift and I'd like to say it's easier to change your spouse of 20 years than it is sometimes a physician's prescribing habits, but because physicians do rely on their experience. But I do think there is a major unmet need here and I actually think there's an awful lot of potential. I'm very excited about this product. I think if I just listen to patients, I always like to say if there is an unmet need and I can see a differentiation versus existing therapy, the drug will be a success.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jay Olson of Oppenheimer.
Jay Olson: Thank you for the update and congrats on all the progress. Could you talk about the ideal capital structure for Biogen? And how much incremental debt could you take on for the purpose of business development? Thanks for taking the question.
Christopher Viehbacher: Mike, do you want to take that one?
Michael McDonnell: Yes, I'll take that one. Thank you for the question, Jay. So we ended the quarter with about $6 billion in cash. And as we mentioned, we received the payment from Samsung for roughly $830 million subsequent to the end of the quarter. So we're approaching $7 billion of cash on hand. Our EBITDA level is roughly $3 billion. And on a gross debt basis, we've got roughly two turns. Obviously, net debt is close to zero, it's actually negative if you pro forma for the Samsung payment. So there is incremental room. I think that just illustratively if you added a turn of leverage, you'd be at three times growth, you'd still be very modest net. And you add that to the cash, that puts you kind of north of or in the ZIP code of about $10 billion that you've got of kind of dry powder so to speak. I wouldn't suggest that we would add incremental debt just to add it, but for the right opportunity, the right BD opportunity, et cetera, I think we've got a lot of flexibility in our capital structure.
Christopher Viehbacher: We know you all have other calls to get to, so operator, can we please take one more question.
Operator: We now take a question from Colin Bristow of UBS.
Colin Bristow: Hey, good morning, and thanks for squeezing me in. And also welcome, Chuck. We're excited to be working with you again. On subcut LEQEMBI, what does FDA specifically said is required for approval? And then can you just speak to how important the subcut formulation is to the commercial story? What proportion of patients would it allow you access to the infusion or not? And then just a sort of a subpart on the commercial part. The VHA is excluding APOE4 homozygous. Can you just speak to the risk that you see either as a labeling or commercial risk on full approval as access broadens? Thank you.
Priya Singhal: Okay. Thanks, Colin. I can start -- yes, I can start with the subcutaneous formulation. So the plan is on track and Eisai has said that they would be filing by Q1 2024. Just to backup, the evaluation is being conducted in the Phase III open-label extension by a subcutaneous sub-study. And Eisai has also stated that they have discussed the requirements for proceeding with this filing and generating the data and then subsequent filing with FDA and other regulators. And they believe that the strategy currently does allow for an evaluation of PK, PD and safety, which would be required. I'll move to the next aspect. I think that you asked was about the APOE4 homozygous. So Eisai presented some of these data at AD/PD and also made comments on this topic. And they believe that really the data set was rather small. The number of APOE4 homozygous was quite small. They don't believe that the overall conclusions are different in terms of CLARITY AD and confidence in the data. The other aspect here to keep in mind is that actually many of the secondary endpoints favoured LEQEMBI. So there could be a component of placebo not declining as much in this comparator group and that was one of the points that they made as well. Now with regards to the commercial view on subcutaneous, I'm going to turn it to either Chris or Mike.
Michael McDonnell: Yes. I mean I think on -- go ahead, Chris.
Christopher Viehbacher: Go ahead, Mike.
Michael McDonnell: Yes. No, I was going to say on the commercial view of subcutaneous, this will be kind of ground-breaking and then we'll have to see how that plays out over time as patients with Alzheimer's along with their caretakers are maybe moving to more of a maintenance mode for their treatment. This could be something that could be very valuable and particularly for patients who have a distance to travel to get to an infusion center to be able to self-administer at home and something that we think could have a lot of potential. So more to come on that over time. We'll expect to hear more about it over the next nine or so months and we think it could be an important differentiator if it comes together.
Chuck Triano: Thanks, everybody.
Christopher Viehbacher: I was just going to add, Chuck, we don't really see that the biweekly infusion as being a limiter right now for that [indiscernible] infusion. But it does, as Mike said, as we think about if we are able to get a maintenance indication and we are able to get blood diagnostics, the length of time that a patient will be on drug potentially will change in future and then therefore the subcu would certainly make a difference in that scenario. Back to you, Chuck.
Chuck Triano: Thanks, Chris. So thank you all for your attention this morning. You can always follow up with the Investor Relations team and this will conclude our call.
Operator: This concludes today's call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2022 Q4  (2023-02-15 08:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning. My name is Bettina [ph], and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Biogen Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2022 Earnings Call and Business Update. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers remarks, therell be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions]. Thank you. I would now like to turn the conference over to Mr. Mike Hencke, Head of Investor Relations. Mr. Hencke, you may begin your conference.
Mike Hencke: Thank you. Good morning, and welcome to Biogen's Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2022 Earnings Call. Before we begin, I encourage everyone to go to the Investors section of biogen.com to find the earnings release and related financial tables, including our GAAP financial measures and a reconciliation of the GAAP to non-GAAP financial measures that we will discuss today.  Our GAAP financials are provided in Tables one and two, and Table four includes a reconciliation of our GAAP to non-GAAP financial results. We believe non-GAAP financial results better represent the ongoing economics of our business and reflect how we manage the business internally. We have also posted slides on our website that follow the discussions related to this call. I'd like to point out that we will be making forward-looking statements, which are based on our expectations. These statements are subject to certain risks and uncertainties, and our actual results may differ materially. I encourage you to consult the risk factors discussed in our SEC filings for additional detail. On today's call, I'm joined by our President and Chief Executive Officer, Christopher Viehbacher, Dr. Priya Singhal, Head of Development; and our CFO, Mike McDonnell. [Operator Instructions]. I'll now turn the call over to Chris.
Christopher Viehbacher: Thank you, Mike. Good morning, everybody, and thanks for joining us. It's a pleasure to welcome you here today. This is my first earnings call since joining Biogen. Now, clearly, Biogen has a strong legacy as one of the pioneers in biotechnology, and there's clearly a strong foundation to build upon. Equally, there's an urgent need to restore growth to the company. We have a great opportunity ahead with a potential launch of two important near-term launches with Alzheimer's and depression, and we have several pipeline programs. We'll be covering a lot more about how we intend to return to growth. But first, I'd like to turn this over to Mike and invite Mike to provide an overview of the fourth quarter and full year financial results.
Michael McDonnell: Thank you, Chris, and good morning, everyone. So I will provide some highlights of the financial performance for the fourth quarter and any financial comparisons that you hear me make will be versus the fourth quarter of 2021. Our total revenue for the fourth quarter was $2.5 billion, and that's a decrease of 7% at actual currency and 4% at constant currency. Non-GAAP diluted EPS in the fourth quarter was $4.05, and that's an increase of 19% versus the fourth quarter of 2021. MS product revenue was $1.3 billion, and that's a decrease of 17% at actual currency and 14% at constant currency. And this decline was primarily due to the impact of TECFIDERA generics as well as continued declines in the Interferons and some pricing pressure. We have continued to see a number of the TECFIDERA generics launch across multiple European countries, and we expect a decision from the European Court of Justice related to our market protection by March 16 of this year. Separately, we do continue to enforce our recently granted European TECFIDERA dosing patent, which expires in 2028.  We also continue to enforce our IP for TYSABRI. We have sued Polpharma and Sandoz to enforce those rights that have moved for a preliminary injunction against the launch of Sandoz and Polpharmas biosimilar in the United States. Regarding potential supply constraints for VUMERITY, we believe that we have resolved previously reported manufacturing issues at our contract manufacturer. We're currently in the process of securing regulatory approvals for a secondary source of supply, and we do not anticipate a supply shortage in 2023. Moving now to SMA. Global SPINRAZA revenue was $459 million, and that's a 4% increase in actual currency and 10% at constant currency. In the United States, SPINRAZA revenue increased by 5% versus the prior year, and we continue to believe that we may be seeing signs of stabilization. Outside of the U.S., revenue increased 4% at actual currency and 12% at constant currency, with continued growth primarily in our Asian markets, and that was partially offset by competition in Europe. Biosimilars revenue was $175 million, and that's a 21% decline in actual currency and 15% at constant currency. And that's due to continued pricing pressure and some net pricing adjustments during the quarter. Total anti-CD20 revenue of $448 million was up 8% versus the prior year. Revenue from OCREVUS royalties increased 19%, which was partially offset by a revenue decline of 14% related to our profit share on RITUXAN. The RITUXAN decline was due to biosimilar competition. Regarding expenses, for the fourth quarter, non-GAAP cost of sales was $571 million, which is 22% of revenue and that includes $36 million of idle capacity charges. Eisai's share of these charges is reflected as part of the collaboration profit sharing line, and that is not part of cost of sales. Fourth quarter non-GAAP R&D expense was $602 million, and this compared to $700 million in the fourth quarter of 2021 and the fourth quarter of 2021 included approximately $110 million in payments related to some business development transactions. Non-GAAP SG&A was $632 million, and this compared to $785 million in the fourth quarter of 2021, and this decrease in SG&A expense was driven primarily by our previously announced cost savings initiatives. We remain on track to achieve our previously announced $1 billion in cost savings initiatives, and I'll comment on this a bit further when I discuss our guidance for 2023. As for our balance sheet, we ended the quarter with $5.6 billion in cash and marketable securities. We had $6.3 billion in debt and roughly $700 million in net debt. And as a reminder, we expect to receive an additional $1.25 billion over the next 15 months from the sale of our equity stake in Samsung Bioepis and that includes approximately $813 million, which is due in April of this year. So overall, we remain in a very strong financial position with significant cash and financial capacity to invest in growing the business over time. Later in the call, I will discuss our guidance assumptions as well as some important accounting considerations for 2023. But for now, I will turn the call back to Chris.
Christopher Viehbacher: Thank you, Mike. Biogen has recently celebrated its 45th anniversary, and this is a company that has really been built on multiple sclerosis. It had some hemophilia products until it was spun-off as Bioverativ, some of you may recall that in the past, and we have SPINRAZA. So now we really need to think about how do we transform the business? I know firsthand from talking to a number of neurologists that our products in MS are still considered to be the top products. But obviously, this is becoming a much more competitive environment. And therefore, we really need to think about how do we grow the business in the future. Now we have an amazing opportunity with two new products. And as many of you know, I've been in this business a long time, and it's pretty rare that you have this opportunity to launch not one but two major products and not just any products, but products that are really quite transformative in their respective therapeutic areas, and that's obviously the LEQEMBI and zuranolone. We also have existing products. We can still grow VUMERITY. We can still grow SPINRAZA. And I think we need to take a fresh approach to those and try to reinvigorate the growth of those two brands. As many of you will point out to me, Biogen has a cost base that is probably higher than most of its peers. And we need to think about that much more systematically. And some of that may require a reduction in cost. Some of it is actually a realignment with the new growth alternatives. And then we also need to look at the R&D pipeline. Now we don't get very much credit for what we have in R&D, and Priya is going to talk to you about a number of different products that we think have an awful lot of potential. Equally, the neurology franchise is [technical difficulty] slowly progressing diseases. That means you're automatically into long-term and costly clinical studies. And in addition, we have some projects in there where our Phase III studies are essentially proof-of-concept studies. And so that makes them also inherently riskier. And I think we need to think about how do we balance the pipeline in R&D going forward. And finally, I think we should always be -- any company should always be open to thinking about external growth opportunities. This hasn't always been a major thrust of the company in the past. But I do think that as we expand into other areas such as immunology, rare diseases, psychiatry, that there may be opportunities to bolster those franchises through external growth. So as you know, LEQEMBI has received accelerated approval in the United States in early January. We have, on the same day, filed for a full or traditional approval. And I have to also give credit to our partner, Eisai because within a very short period of time, not only did they file for traditional approval on the same day as receiving accelerated approval but also within weeks, they have filed in, in Europe, in Japan and initiated a rolling submission in China. And obviously, in the short term, the launch in the U.S. is really going to be constricted until we get reimbursement, and that's expected to occur once we have a traditional approval. When we get to confirmation of filing from the FDA, at that point, we'll know whether we have a priority review or not. Under the terms of the agreement, Eisai is principally responsible and leads all of the discussions with CMS. As many of you probably have heard, Eisai has said that they are hoping to receive a broader reimbursement once they get traditional approval and that could be as early as this summer. But as you know, this is not a round like pill that we're launching here. You need to have a PET scan or a lumbar puncture to confirm diagnosis. We're going to have infusion capacity restrictions. Neurologists have already been busy treating patients with other conditions. So there will be a question about do we have enough neurologists to expand the patient population? And so there's an awful lot to be done in the near term. In terms of the -- one of the questions that comes up is -- and that will be the main discussion for CMS. To me, the sum of boxes, the CDR-sum of boxes is not really how we look at patient benefit here. As I talk to physicians treating Alzheimer's patients, most of them are really asking, can I still drive a car? Can I feed myself? Can I dress myself? Can I enjoy life with my family? And how can I not be a burden to others? And when you actually look at the activities of daily life, we actually saw a 37% improvement versus placebo. And to me, that's where the real benefit of this product is. Now as we look at Alzheimer's, the other message I think I would really like to drive home today is that this is not just a product launch, there is it today and there is a tomorrow. And certainly, today, everybody is going to be focused on the initial sales of LEQEMBI and that's going to be a question of overcoming some of the infrastructure challenges that we just talked about. There's going to be an awful lot of education of physicians around safety, around the diagnosis and the infrastructure has to expand to be able to provide the PET scans or the CSF testing. But this is really opening up a whole new field. This is a whole new vista, both for patients and physicians. I can remember 10 years ago, where we've had a lot of failures of medicines in development to reduce amyloid. People had given up hope that this was going to be effective. Actually, it was Biogen's PRIME study that was initiated about 10 years ago that actually showed that there was still hope for this. And of course, it's really the CLARITY study that has really demonstrated the importance of removal of plaque and the potential to impact the decline in cognition. And what I think this is going to do is unleash a whole wave of research and development, but there's going to be other things. I mean just even things that we're doing. Obviously, there's amyloid, but there are going to be other modalities such as tau, and Priya will talk about our own potential solution in terms of tau. But we're also looking at this -- the trial really focused on this 18 months of treatment. What happens at the end of the 18 months? And there are actually already data that indicate staying on drug has a continued benefit. And so in fact, Eisai will be filing before the end of Q4 of this year, an indication for the treatment on a maintenance basis. But one of the other most interesting things I learned, and I've been obviously trying to get up to speed on Alzheimer's over the last 90 days, but it turns out that plaque burden is at its maximum just before symptoms arise. So imagine the benefit if we could actually go earlier and in fact, there is a study called ahead that is looking at a preclinical or presymptomatic patients that could be quite interesting. But to do that, of course, other things like blood-based biomarkers or another biomarkers are going to be important. We're going to have to make this a lot more convenient as a treatment and there's subcutaneous treatment formulations in progress. And so what I think you're going to see is just a flood of information over the next three to five years, as new modalities and new ways of treating Alzheimer's patients come up. So here, you see the AHEAD study that was launched in 2020 and looking at presymptomatic. One of the physicians who treat Alzheimer has told me, we used to think about Alzheimer's as a 7- to 8-year timeframe, which was really from the onset of symptoms until sadly death.  Now they're looking at this on a 25-year frame because we know that plaque builds up over time. And in fact, what we call early-stage Alzheimer's today or with this mild cognitive improvement, it's really not. It's actually already pretty advanced by the time you have MCI. We already talked about the potential for maintenance dosing and different modalities. So this is going to be quite an exciting area, as we go along. Now the other exciting areas in major depressive disorder. And there are 21 million people who suffer from this. And every day, you're reading about the major concerns around mental health and society. In fact, STEP [ph] just had an article yesterday about the number of younger people who are suffering from depression and feeling sad and even suicidal. And so there is a clear need for new treatments.  There are over 400 million prescriptions written every year for MDD and other medical health. But what we see is an awful lot of switching between therapies. There's a lot of concern around side effects. It takes a long time for these new medicine -- these existing medicines to work. And so my personal view is there's an awful lot of unmet need. I was at GlaxoSmithKline when we had Paxil and we had So I'm pretty familiar with what the existing treatments can and cannot do. Postpartum depression, another significant area of unmet need, one in eight mothers, we just had a tragic case, as many of us in the Boston area following, and it just demonstrates that there is a real need for a new approach and new treatment here. And this is not necessarily where a big commercial opportunity is, but there is a major societal need and I think that zuranolone can make a big change here. So we have had a priority review granted, and we have now a PDUFA date in August. As you know, we can't launch immediately because it will have to be a DAA review of the scheduling of the drug before we can launch. So we're looking to launch more towards the end of the year. One of the interesting things is I see this every now and then in the media about the controversial data of zuranolone because six out of seven trials were positive. Folks, when we were developing Paxil years ago, we had to do six Phase III studies to get to that worked. There's an incredible placebo effect here, which is why so many companies actually abandon mental health. So when I saw six out of seven, I said, "Well, this is absolutely terrific. And so I think there is quite an exciting opportunity here." We're not going to early go after every type of patient, and we're doing a lot of mid-market research. Today, we're finishing the SHORELINE study and that will inform us about who's the right patient for this. And obviously, the label will inform who we are interested. But there's a lot of unresolved symptoms of depression out there. MDD patients with elevated anxiety, we won't clearly have an anxiety indication, but that is an area of MDD patients that we're going to be focusing on and those who are adherence-challenged. Going back to existing drugs. I'll just say, obviously, Biogen had enormous success with SPINRAZA. But when you look at it, there are still a lot of potential patients that have been treated adult patients as well as pediatric patients. And we're going to have a fresh look at how we can improve the coverage of this product. Obviously, it's an intrathecal product, which is not necessarily the most convenient. You may have seen we've just done a collaboration with Alcyone to have a new device that would make this more convened for patients who are not wanting to go through the numerous lumbar punctures. We are looking at costs, that's looking at the profitability of our MS franchise. Can we shift some of these costs to supporting our new product launches. We have a biosimilars business, an important business. This is part of the way that we create the economies for the health care system for new businesses, but we are looking at whether we can do more with that business or maybe whether others could on this business. We're prioritizing the near-term opportunities and really looking at our cost base on a systematic basis. Priya is going to talk about the risk profile and productivity of the R&D pipeline. As I mentioned earlier, we have appointed Priya as Head of Development, I'd like to take the opportunity to congratulate her on that. We're also looking for a new Head of Research. While we have a lot going on, continue to evaluate external growth opportunities. And so I think with that, Priya, why don't we talk about R&D?
Priya Singhal: Thank you, Chris. We are advancing LEQEMBI with Eisai as a foothold in Alzheimer's disease, as you heard from Chris, and zuranolone with Sage, both as key late-stage assets, but also as growth drivers. With Sage, we also announced the FDA acceptance of zuranolone in MDD and PPD as priority review. The PDUFA date is August 5. The priority review is granted by FDA to applications for medicines that, if approved, would provide significant improvements in the effectiveness or safety of the treatment diagnosis or prevention of serious conditions. Beyond these developments, we're also making progress across R&D reprioritization, and today, I will share a few highlights from some of our pipeline programs in Alzheimer's disease, lupus and ALS. We are advancing a broader Alzheimer's disease pipeline, as you heard from Chris, and we have initiated the Phase II CELIA study of BIIB080 in early Alzheimer's disease. Prior clinical results, including those from our own Phase II Gosuranemab suggests that targeting extracellular tau alone is insufficient to affect intracellular tau tangle. BIIB080 is targeting tau mRNA to reduce all forms of the tau protein post translation. In preclinical studies, we've seen that ASO knockdown of the tau in the transgenic mouse model of neurodegenerative tauopathy, reversed tau pathology, prevented hippocampal volume loss and neuronal death. This year illustrates the Phase Ib study results of BIIB080 in mild AD. BIIB080 was generally well tolerated, and we observed a time and dose-dependent reduction in CSF total and p-tau. Total tau continued to decline 16 weeks following the last dose with a 50% reduction from baseline. We were encouraged by this early data, and we look forward to sharing data details from this Ib study at ADPD next month. As I mentioned, we have initiated our Phase II CELIA study in 2022. It includes several dosing paradigms: 3 doses and every 12 or 24 weeks dosing. And assessments will evaluate multiple aspects of Alzheimer's disease, cognition, function and biomarkers. We believe that CELIA has the potential to generate important learnings regarding the role of tau in Alzheimer's disease. Moving on. Biogen has leveraged a very strong scientific expertise in immunology, and this is how the MS franchise was born. I'd like to discuss our two Phase III lupus programs next. First is Dapirolizumab Pegol, which we have in collaboration with UCB currently in Phase III. We also have Litifilimab or BIIB059, our wholly owned anti-BDCA2 monoclonal antibody. Both are potential first-in-class molecules in SLE. SLE is an autoimmune disease that can affect multiple organs and can lead to severe organ damage and morbidity, especially amongst the non-Caucasian patients. Litifilimab also has the potential to be a first-in-class treatment for CLE. CLE or cutaneous lupus erythematosus is a skin-based autoimmune disease and can exist in the absence of systemic manifestations. Chronic CLE is associated with severe skin damage and impaired quality of life. No new treatment approved specifically for CLE in almost 17 years. The CLE part of the Phase II LILAC study met its primary endpoint, and the results were published last summer in the New England Journal of Medicine. Based upon these encouraging results, we initiated the Phase II/III AMETHYST study of litifilimab in CLE.  Lupus disproportionately impacts underrepresented populations, and we have set enrollment targets in litifilimab studies to reflect this high prevalence in African-American and Hispanic or Latino community. Next, I will discuss ALS. ALS is a devastating progressive neurodegenerative disease. SOD1-ALS is an ultra-rare genetic form that affects approximately 330 individuals in the U.S. While the VALOR Phase III study of tofersen in SOD1-ALS did not hit the primary endpoint, we have published our 12-month data from both VALOR and its open-label extension in the New England Journal of Medicine last year. In these results, we observed a sustained reduction in neurofilament, which is a marker of axonal injury and neurodegeneration in individuals who initiated to person earlier. We also observed a slower decline in measures of clinical and respiratory function as well as strength and quality of life. With the PDUFA action date of April 25, 2023, Biogen has the potential to deliver rapidly targeted therapy to people suffering from SOD1-ALS. FDA recently announced the March 22, 2023, date for the advisory community meeting for tofersen. EMA has accepted the marketing authorization application for tofersen for review in the European Union. Moving on. At a higher level, as Chris mentioned, our goal is to rebalance the R&D pipeline. In this context, we have developed a framework to guide our decision-making and the focus is on the pre-proof-of-concept programs. For example, we are investing to win in programs where we have a high degree of biological confidence, such as BIIB080, while we continue to apply a systemic, systematic data-driven approach in this program to learn and derisk. We may also choose to discontinue development for some programs based on their regulatory development or commercialization challenges. Examples of recently discontinuous programs include vixotrigine in neuropathic pain and oral ibrutinib in MS. In parallel, we have several focus areas to help increase the productivity of our pipeline and decrease the risk. First is to derisk and improve probability of success in the pre-proof-of-concept portfolio. Second is to enhance the roll-off and capabilities for translational science and importantly, our overall focus on value generation versus achievement of operational milestones alone. In conclusion, with key assets in Alzheimer's disease, the precious and lupus, we believe the Biogen pipeline has potential to deliver significant growth over the medium and long term.  I will now pass the call over back to Mike.
Michael McDonnell: So thank you, Priya. I will now go through our 2023 guidance ranges and talk about some of the key assumptions and then we'll open it up for questions. We expect a full year 2023 revenue decline in the mid-single-digit percentage range as compared to 2022 reported results and full year 2023 non-GAAP diluted earnings per share of between $15 and $16. There are several dynamics that we expect in 2023 that I'd like to highlight. First, our guidance assumes a favorable decision by the Court of Justice of the European Union relating to regulatory data protection for TECFIDERA. And that's currently expected to be on March 16, as I mentioned earlier of this year, although we obviously cannot predict the outcome of that.  This guidance also assumes modest in-market revenue for LEQEMBI in 2023, with commercial expenses -- commercialization expenses exceeding revenue, and Biogen will record its share of net commercial profits and losses for LEQEMBI in the U.S. as a component of total revenue, and we do expect this to be a headwind to our revenue in 2023. Just as a reminder, in 2022, we amended our collaboration agreement with Eisai for ADUHELM and as a result, we will have sole decision-making and commercialization rights, along with a substantial majority of the economics beginning in 2023. Eisai will receive a tiered royalty and will no longer share in expenses related to ADUHELM, and this does result in two important considerations for 2023. First, we expect to incur approximately $150 million to $200 million of excess capacity charges in 2023, and all of that will be borne by Biogen. In 2022, we incurred $119 million of idle capacity. And of that amount, $55 million was reimbursed by Eisai. Our cost of sales as a percentage of revenue is expected to be higher in 2023 than the 22.4% that we saw in 2022, and that's as a result of product mix as well as the dynamic that I just described. We expect this pressure on cost of goods sold to be particularly pronounced earlier in the year. The second result of the amended agreement with Eisai is that we will no longer be sharing ADUHELM R&D costs, and this is expected to create an increase of approximately $100 million in R&D expense in 2023 as compared to 2022. Full year operating expenses, which are comprised of both SG&A and R&D expense will reflect our previously disclosed $1 billion of cost reduction measures, and we expect that approximately $300 million of these cost savings will be reinvested to support the launch of zuranolone and other new products. So we expect that this will result in $700 million of net operating expense savings relative to full year 2021 operating expenses, which were approximately $5.2 billion. We are continuing to monitor potential supply constraints for IMRALDI, and our guidance does not assume any stock outs, but this does remain a risk. There are also some key seasonality dynamics that we'd like to note. As a reminder, Q1 tends to be seasonally weaker quarter as compared to Q4 for our MS business in the U.S., and that's due to channel dynamics and the higher discounts and allowances. SPINRAZA benefited in Q4 of 2022 in part due to the timing of some shipments. And additionally, as a reminder, the royalty rate for OCREVUS resets at the beginning of each year in this rate increases as sales levels increased throughout the year. We also expect that our operating expenses will be higher earlier in the year given that some of our cost savings initiatives will take time to materialize over the course of 2023. And of course, as always, we assume that foreign exchange rates as of December 31, 2022, will remain in effect for the year, net of our hedging activities. And I would refer you to our press release for other important guidance assumptions. Before concluding, I want to highlight a few of the key accounting considerations for LEQEMBI and zuranolone. And now that LEQEMBI has received accelerated approval in the United States, Biogen's 50% share of net commercial profits and losses, which includes in-market revenue less cost of goods, royalties and SG&A will be reflected as a component of total revenue. As I mentioned, we expect this to be negative in 2023 as we expect that commercial expenses will exceed revenue. Outside the U.S., our 50% share of commercial expenses will continue to be recorded within SG&A expense until LEQEMBI is approved on a region-by-region basis. Separately, Biogen's 50% share of global LEQEMBI R&D expenditures will continue to be reflected within R&D expense, and this is both before and after approval. And finally, on LEQEMBI, Biogen is manufacturing the LEQEMBI drug substance in our Switzerland facility, we capitalized inventory until it is sold to Eisai at which point we will recognize contract manufacturing revenue and contract manufacturing cost of goods sold, and that will be at a minimal gross margin. Zuranolone is also a 50-50 profit share in the U.S. with our partner Sage Therapeutics. Prior to regulatory approval, we will record our share of R&D and SG&A expense in their respective line items net of reimbursement to or from Sage. After U.S. approval, Biogen will record 100% of zuranolone product revenue, cost of goods and SG&A., and then we will share Sage's 50% of profits or losses as a component of Biogen's collaboration profit-sharing line.  So in closing, our number one goal is to return Biogen to sustainable growth. We believe that the potential launches of LEQEMBI and zuranolone, along with the rest of our pipeline and our strong balance sheet, provide us with the necessary elements to achieve this goal. And we are also working very hard to improve our operating efficiency and remain committed to creating long-term value for our shareholders. And with that, we'll open up the call for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Salveen Richter of Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead. 
Salveen Richter: Good morning. And thank you for taking my question here. Maybe a question of whether you can lay out potential timelines for the NCD reconsideration for LEQEMBI? Historical precedent suggests this could take about nine months. But when is the soonest this process could start? Could it start approval? And when will we know when the process has been initiated? Thank you.
Christopher Viehbacher: Yes, thanks for the question. Look, I'm not so sure, first of all, that precedent is going to really matter here. I think this is an unusual set of circumstances. And -- so there are negotiations and discussions ongoing between Eisai and CMS today. CMS could decide whatever, but the feeling is, is that they're going to wait until there is a traditional approval and then we'll see. Will there be a registry, won't there be a registry, we just don't know at this stage? What I would say is that I think you're seeing a much different tone in the broader community than we had with ADUHELM. You've seen the American Association of Neurologists write to CMS to support reimbursement. You've seen members of Congress, I can tell you that the neurology community look at -- broadly look at the CLARITY data as being very compelling in terms of the impact. Obviously, CMS makes its own decisions. But I think there's a growing consensus that this is a medicine that is very much needed by a broad population, and Eisai has guided to their hope that there would be this broader reimbursement once they have traditional approval.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line comes from the line of Mohit Bansal of Wells Fargo.
Mohit Bansal : Great. Thank you for picking my question. Maybe a question on expense cuts. So I know earlier this year, you talked about expense cuts. And I mean, if you do the math, it's very clear that for the product portfolio, the expense base is very high.  Can you talk about -- I mean have you thought about your target operating margin profile long term? And how much more cuts can you do? And any timelines when we could hear about this? Because you also talked about almost $200 million of spend here. You said that you will probably prioritize and figure out whether you want to keep spending that money or not. So can you talk a little bit about the timelines of that now that you are in the business review more? Thank you.
Christopher Viehbacher: In OpEx, you've got two big buckets, right? You've got R&D and you've got SG&A. In R&D, we are looking at this whole prioritization exercise. And that means if you want to save money to a degree you have to -- you may have to cut some programs. And that's not something that you want to do quickly. You need to go and look at each program thoroughly, determine probabilities of success, cost to complete a whole bunch of other things. There is an infrastructure element to R&D that we will be looking at as a matter of priority. And then you have SG&A and within the sales and marketing, obviously, most of that spend is really going to the MS franchise. Now the MS franchise still supports most of our revenue in the business. And so one has to be careful about how much we want to reduce that spend by, but clearly, that's a declining revenue base. And so I think what you're really going to see is a shift from some of those resources to supporting the launch. Now there's hundreds of millions of dollars going between Eisai, Sage and Biogen behind the prelaunch activities this year for LEQEMBI and zuranolone. And those are obviously strategic products for all of the companies, and we really need to support the launches. But we have to be find the right balance and not seeing a decline in MS sales beyond what we already see. And then there is G&A, and we will be taking a close look at that this year. So you're going to see some reductions in cost, but there's also going to be some new investments. And so it's a little hard to say at this point where we're going to end up on margins. But if you strip out the royalty and collaboration income and do the OpEx to sales ratios, we're clearly higher than most of our peer companies. And considering that we have a fairly mature product profile of high volume -- of high-value, low-volume products, we should be more profitable. But the company has already taken $1 billion out. So that means more cost savings have to be done thoughtfully. So we'll be giving you updates throughout the year on that. But we are conscious that the cost base needs to be more productive than it is. On ADUHELM, ADUHELM will see -- we will be looking at the EMBARK data, which is long term, that will give some information about not just for ADUHELM, but also how we think about the longer-term treatment of amyloid-reducing antibodies. There, we also need to see exactly what the landscape is. What I can tell you is, there is no commercial effort behind ADUHELM. Our focus is on LEQEMBI. We believe that is the product that is most appropriate for patients. We do have a commitment to the FDA to do this confirmatory study, so we have to think through that carefully. But I just want to be clear that from a strategic point of view LEQEMBI is our absolute priority and ADUHELM is not being actively commercialized anywhere.
Operator: Our next question comes from Colin Bristow of UBS. Please go ahead.
Colin Bristow: Hi. Good morning and thanks for taking my question. One for Chris. In terms of your ongoing review of the business and the pipeline, how should we be thinking about timelines just in terms of the potential for strategic actions with ADUHELM? And then just more broadly in terms of business development, when you're sort of clearly identified the targets that would be potentially willing to move forward? And then just within this question, could you just characterize your ongoing interest in biosimilars? Thank you.
Christopher Viehbacher: So, on R&D, again, you have a number of projects that have been ongoing for a number of years. We have a number of products actually in Phase III that are actually proof-of-concept studies. There are at least -- not even including ADUHELM, we have three products in development where we did not have safety or efficacy data out of a positive Phase II. So, I think we need to think carefully about each of those programs. It does take some time, and there is always a question of, well, how much do we have to spend to the next milestone? And is that really worth it? Can we think about different ways of doing the study? Can we derisk these? So that will probably take us through to the summer before I think we can really make too many decisions on that front. Biosimilars, it's an extremely strong team, and they've built a successful business, but I look at Biogen as a company with innovative medicines. We're not a huge company by any means, and there needs to be a focus. So, we are looking at what's the right business model for it. It is a successful business. It's an important business for society. But we need to think about where we put our resources. When you look at the cost base, it's not just a question I found in the company about how much we spend, but how we spend it. And there have been a number of pet projects around and other areas where we're spending money. And I think one of the things I'm really trying to drive is focus in the company. What really matters, what's going to grow the business and how do we align our resources behind that? And whatever is not one of the major growth drivers, I think we have to look carefully at and whether we continue to either to support that business with resources or we think about other options for some of those businesses.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Umer Raffat of Evercore. 
Umer Raffat: Hi, guys. Thanks for taking my question. I wanted to touch up on the infusion capacity a little bit in a little more detail. I feel like we've talked about it several times that infrastructure needs to be built out, but could we quantify, for example, of the 100,000 patients number mentioned in some of the prior press releases for year three, how much of that exists today?  And could you take an interim look in your ongoing early AD study where you have a monthly arm to perhaps update the label towards monthly. Could that happen in cans?
Christopher Viehbacher: So, on the capacity, obviously, Biogen had worked quite -- made quite a bit of progress on that for the launch of ADUHELM. And so, I would say we're probably in better shape today than when we were at the launch of ADUHELM. Nonetheless, it's not like there are a lot of empty infusion centers waiting for Alzheimer's patients today. So, there is going to have to be continued investment, and it will take time. And I think one of the reasons that we have guided to 100,000 patients is that it's just going to -- they're going to be constraints to the system. There's not a lot of point talking about what's the potential, how many Alzheimer's patients out there and how many are eligible, there are natural constraints to this. There's also going to have to be a careful selection of patients as to who's really the best patient to benefit from this treatment and physicians will take their time to understand this new therapy and get experience with the drug. So, it's going to be slow, steady progress. I can't give you -- I wouldn't want to comment today on how many sites, but it is something that is obviously a major part of this launch. That's why I say it's not really a round white tablet as the launch.
Mike Hencke : And I think the other question was around potentially less frequent maintenance dosing the timeline for that. Priya, do you want to comment?
Priya Singhal: Sure. So yes, exactly right, Chris. I think we've also -- we also think that some of this infusion capacity could be elastic, and we'll have early learnings. So, I think as you said, we'll learn as we go. Two points here. One is that Eisai is already leading on developing a maintenance therapy. And this could be either a four week or a 12-week dosing paradigm. They have said publicly that they will file for this by Q1 2024. That's important. The other aspect, I think, that is also in development is a subcutaneous formulation. And I think we are -- Eisai and Biogen are thinking about what burden it would -- a product like LEQEMBI have and how do we solve that for patients as well as providers, and that is really the strategy behind the subcutaneous development. It's being studied currently in a Phase III sub-study, and it will also be filed by Q1 2024 as Eisai has communicated. So, I think we're trying to work from multiple perspectives here, and we'll share more updates as they become relevant.
Operator: Our next question comes from Evan Seigerman of BMO. Please go ahead.
Evan Seigerman: Okay. Thanks for taking my question. So, Chris, in your remarks, you highlighted a shift in business development, whereas in the past, Biogen may have been more hesitant to acquire, where would you like to focus BD? And what size deals would you be comfortable with? Thank you. 
Christopher Viehbacher: From a management point of view, you have to think about what is your -- what's your team good at? And what's interesting about Biogen is it's been a very narrowly focused company. They've been very good on what has been done in multiple sclerosis, for example, but you have to think carefully about how broadly you go because we are extremely good at selling high-value, low-volume products. And even as we contemplate the zuranolone launch, we are going to be going to a much broader population. We're probably going to have a lot more patient outreach. I think Biogen has done exactly on television commercial in its history. And that's something we're going to have to get good at. So, as you think about business development, you have to think about, okay, you can potentially look at things on paper, but can you execute well on them? Now when I look at it, I say, I'd like to be a little bit broader than the traditional neurodegenerative diseases because I don't want to abandon them by any means, but if your only business is that, you are really destined to do these long-term studies that are highly costly and often the Phase III becomes the proof of concept because you can't really test these things adequately in Phase II. And so, if I sort of say, "Well, where could we legitimately go? Where do we have some experience?" Well, we can certainly be because I would argue that things like lupus, where we already are, even multiple sclerosis is really an autoimmune disease. So, I can see us branching out more into immunology. Psychiatry will have one product in the bag with zuranolone. Would it make sense to expand more into psychiatry? And obviously, with SPINRAZA, when we look at how do we get more out of SPINRAZA? When you're in the rare disease business, it's different than most other businesses. Most other therapeutic areas, you go see a physician because the patients go to the physician. In rare diseases, you have to go find the patient. I remember at Genzyme, someone the marketing teaching me very early on that the marketing strategy is looking for needles in haystack. And that actually becomes a core competency. And that's one of the areas that we have to go after. We've done an awful lot of easier-to-find patients who are more serious and are naturally visiting physicians. But there are, for instance, adult patients who are difficult to diagnose. And so, looking at increasing the patient numbers means that we're going to have to be good at rare diseases. And once you have that core competency in my view, you can be in rare disease and you can be therapy or indication-agnostic in that area. So that's where we're starting because I think we can execute in those areas. Could that be acquisition, could be late stage in licensing. We could look at all of the above. And I -- look, Biogen hasn't necessarily looked at acquisitions as part of its growth strategy. Equally, I tell people, there wasn't a lot of point hiring me if you don't want to go do deals. So not to say we are, but I think there is now an openness within the company to at least look at it. Now as we all know; M&A is hard to execute on and get something that is truly accretive and generates a return on investment. And that's why we are really focused, first and foremost, on driving the most that we can out of organic growth. But I would say that we are open to anything in those four areas that I mentioned before.
Michael McDonnell: And I'll just quickly add, Evan, to your question on size of deals, without commenting on how large a deal we might do or a series of deals just in terms of aggregate capacity. As we mentioned up front, we ended year with $5.6 billion in cash, we have more coming in from Samsung in the early second quarter of this year, and we have a modest amount of debt. So, you can pretty quickly get to a close to better part of $10 billion of capacity number that we can utilize in a variety of ways.
Christopher Viehbacher: [indiscernible] point out the amount of money we're getting still from Samsung on the yet to come in?
Michael McDonnell : Yes, $800 million that's coming in April and then another $400 million-plus that will come in next year.
Christopher Viehbacher: Firepower is not necessarily the main constraint finding something that's worthwhile doing is the really hard part of this.
Operator: We will now move to Tim Anderson of Wolfe Research.
Tim Anderson: Thank you. A couple of questions on LEQEMBI and the subcu. Can you just confirm what the minimum regulatory requirements are for approval of a subcu in terms of what you need to show in the data you're currently capturing? And do you think there's any meaningful risk in gathering that necessary data? To me, the long-term commercial future of the brand really hinges on having a subcu, and I'm trying to gauge whether there's any meaningful risk that we should be cognizant of? Thank you.
Priya Singhal : I can take that. Thanks for that question. I think overall, I just want to reiterate that Eisai is starting subcutaneous in the Phase III open-label extension. And actually, details of that sub study are public. You can take a look at that. Eisai has also communicated that they believe that they have had the regulatory discussions to EMBARK upon this pathway. But beyond that, it would be speculative to say what are the minimum requirements. I think we do have regulatory discussions ongoing and a lot, as you know, is always dependent on the data as it gets generated. Overall, Eisai has communicated that they will -- they expect to file by Q1 2024. And then stepping back to what is the true potential. We -- I'll just draw us back to the data that we saw from the Clarity AD study, which was, of course, utilizing the intravenous bimonthly dosing regimen. I think the most important part there was that we saw the amyloid reduction at six months expanding over the 18-month period, we had a positive primary endpoint with a highly statistically significant p-value as well as all the secondary end points.  So, we believe that really Clarity AD is quite clear in its outcome, and we believe that the data are meaningful and can have an impact on the patient population. The subcutaneous formulation is really our approach to kind of thinking about this more comprehensively. So, we believe as is it has a lot of potential and then, of course, we'll continue to build on what is the dosing, maintenance dosing as well as subcutaneous. And as Chris mentioned, what is the application of an anti-amyloid therapy in presymptomatic or preclinical Alzheimer's disease.
Christopher Viehbacher: Tim, the way I look at this is, I think what we're going to see over time is that you're going to have a plaque removal phase of treatment and then a maintenance. And in the short term, we can talk about potential for subcu, but really, I would say for the next two to three years, the demand for the product is probably more limited by capacity of the system to actually diagnose and treat patients. So, an IV will be a port for the convenience of patients, but I'm not sure that short-term, it's really going to have that much impact on demand. One game-changer, I think, to me is blood biomarkers. If we can eliminate the PET scans and in particular or the lumbar puncture, this will make it a whole lot easier for the whole medical community to at least get the diagnosis, and we can probably reduce the overall treatment cost of a patient. Those blood biomarkers have been around for some time, but until there was a treatment, there wasn't a commercial market for those diagnostics. So, to me, the biggest game-changer that could occur is if we can get some of these blood diagnostics to market sooner. It's -- they're probably still a couple of years away. But there is important, in my mind, commercially as a subcu.
Operator: We will now take your question from Brian Abrahams of RBC Capital Markets.
Brian Abrahams: Good morning. Thanks for taking my question. On LEQEMBI, as you consider the maintenance therapy, what's the right way we should be thinking about the potential balance of annual per patient price declines versus the potential for market expansion and greater durability for chronic use? Thanks.
Christopher Viehbacher: You mean the price decline related to maintenance, is that what you're saying?
Brian Abrahams : Like, I guess, how are you thinking about pricing strategically for a maintenance therapy on an annualized basis relative to every two weeks, and how should we think about the overall balance?
Christopher Viehbacher: Again, I think as -- obviously, we have to wait now and see the data and get approval for these things. But I think you're probably going to be in this plaque removal process, and that's every two weeks.  As you get into maintenance, as Priya said, the dosing regimen could change. And obviously, if you were to go from two weeks to one month, that has an overall per patient cost on an annualized basis that would be lower. So, I think you'll see potentially a lower patient cost just because of the different dosing regimen over time. Shorter term, again, I think we probably have more patients out there than the system can manage. And so, I don't think there's going to be that much price pressure. Once the system adapts, there may be over time, but I don't really see prices being the main aspect of this. And remember, when you look at this -- I mean, we're talking about $26,500 for the drug cost. But there's a lot more cost to the system for the treatment of the patients. A PET scan, for instance, costs around $7,000 as an example, and you have the MRIs and you have the treatment. And that's why, to me, blood diagnostics could play a bigger role in actually reducing the overall cost. And I think those types of things, and as we move into maintenance dosing regimen, we may find that the average annual cost of a patient goes down, although we're not necessarily touching the price of the drug.
Operator: We will now take a question from Michael Yee of Jefferies. Please go ahead.
Michael Yee: Hi. Thanks for the question. You mentioned in the slides that you would like to improve the risk profile and productivity, R&D pipeline, particularly profile. And I recall, in January, you talked about lower-risk-type projects and perhaps Biogen is too high risk, high reward, particularly for this market cap? And then going back to your prior days, you did, I think, the Genzyme on the Regeneron deal. So, can you just comment about the philosophy of bringing in products that are perhaps lower risk, more derisked and how you think about bringing those in and acting on those accordingly and with the speed? Thank you.
Christopher Viehbacher : Sure. To me, risk management is something that is part of the day job in a pharma company. You obviously, can't do anything unless you take risk. We develop products in early stage. If you're talking about Phase I, you've got 10% probability of success. I think there's a couple of areas that we would look at. The first thing is, obviously, if you can do a Phase II study where you get a lot of confidence out of safety and efficacy before you go into a Phase III study, you have essentially, at every stage of development, from Phase I to Phase II, Phase II to Phase III derisk that. We sometimes can't do it. If you look at Alzheimer's and the development of either lecanemab or ADUHELM, you can start to see, for instance, that you're reducing plaque, but one of the problems we -- a lot of companies had is that they didn't reduce the plaque enough, and you're not going to know whether you have reduced the plaque enough until you see a benefit in cognitive function. But you really can't do that until you go into large studies and take a long time because these diseases progress so slowly. So, to me, one of the areas is that we can -- if you go into autoimmune diseases or you're into psychiatry, you can have a more classical drug development where you can derisk more in Phase II, you can get a proof of concept. As I said earlier, we are sometimes doing proof of concept in Phase III, which is an expensive way to do proof of concept. So just even thinking about moving into some of these other areas allows us to do more classical drug development. The other is, of course, that we can start to license in products and that are a lot closer to market, and you're not taking quite as much risk on those. But it's really a function of when you look at it, how much are precedented versus unprecedented mechanism of action? How much are small molecules versus large molecules? Can we do more collaborative-type approaches? But this notion of always doing proof of concept in Phase III is a highly expensive, highly risky approach. And I think having a few of those projects in our pipeline is good, having 100% of our pipeline and projects like that is challenging. And if you look at it, we don't really have an approval coming in our pipeline for several years yet here because we're waiting on these long-term studies. So, having things that read out on a little bit more frequent basis would be helpful to looking at sustainable growth of the company.
Mike Hencke : Operator, I think we have time for one final question.
Operator: Our next question comes from Chris Schott of JPMorgan.
Chris Schott : Thanks so much. Just another one on BD. Is this something you're going to be looking to do in parallel with your strategic review and cost resizing efforts? Or is this a bit of a longer-term priority once you make whatever changes are necessary for the core business? And maybe just a second part of that same question. Given your prior comments of the narrow focus of Biogen, does that point more towards BD is skewed towards either company acquisitions versus partnerships or earlier-stage deals because it seems like you might want to be bringing both products as well as kind of expertise in-house? Just help me a little bit in terms of like the -- how you think about that dynamic? Thank you.
Chris Viehbacher : I think certainly for the first half of this year, we're focused on really reorienting the company towards these growth opportunities, looking at the cost base -- we should have a new Head of Research in that timeframe. We're also in the process of recruiting a Head of BD. So, to me, this is sort of something that we start to look at in the second half of the year. As you know, it takes a while to go find things. You've got to look at a lot of things before you do something. So even if you decide you want to do something next year, you really have to start looking now. In terms of what we're looking at? Look, it could be all of the above. To the degree that we get comfortable with the launch trajectory of LEQEMBI and zuranolone, you could argue that the bankers like to refer to this desperation factor. I would argue that we don't have a high desperation factor. We actually have a lot that we can do within the company. I think it's healthy to be looking outside and to always have options because in this business, nothing ever goes completely to plan.  But we have the time to look and make sure that whatever we do is going to be value-added, and I think it could be all of the things that you've mentioned.
Mike Hencke : Okay. With that, I think we're going to conclude the call for today. Thank you, everyone, for joining us.
Operator: This concludes today's call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2022 Q3  (2022-10-25 08:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning. My name is Jennifer, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I'd like to welcome everyone to the Biogen Third Quarter 2022 Earnings Call and Business Update. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. I would now like to turn the conference over to Mr. Mike Hencke, Head of Investor Relations. Mr. Hencke, you may begin your conference.
Mike Hencke: Good morning, and welcome to Biogen's third quarter 2022 earnings call. Before we begin, I encourage everyone to go to the Investors section of biogen.com to find the earnings release and related financial tables, including our GAAP financial measures and the reconciliation of the GAAP to non-GAAP financial measures that we will discuss today. Our GAAP financials are provided in tables one and two, and table four includes a reconciliation of our GAAP to non-GAAP financial results. We believe non-GAAP financial results better represent the ongoing economics of our business and reflect how we manage the business internally. We have also posted slides on our website that follow the discussions related to this call. I would like to point out that we will be making forward-looking statements, which are based on our current expectations and beliefs. These statements are subject to certain risks and uncertainties, and our actual results may differ materially. I encourage you to consult the risk factors discussed in our SEC filings for additional detail. On today's call, I am joined by our Chief Executive Officer, Mr. Vounatsos; Dr. Priya Singhal, Interim Head of Research and Development; and our CFO, Mike McDonnell. As a reminder, during the Q&A portion of the call, we kindly ask that you limit yourself to one question. I will now turn the call over to Michel.
Michel Vounatsos: Good morning, everyone and thank you for joining us. This is an exciting time for Biogen. In addition to key developments across our pipeline, which includes 12 programs in Phase 3 are filed, we continue to execute progress, and we are pleased to be raising our full year financial guidance. I would like to begin by reviewing the important advances we made this quarter and what we believe they mean for Biogen. Priya will then review our recent progress in R&D, and Mike will discuss our third quarter performance. First, together with Eisai, we were excited to announce the positive results from CLARITY AD, the Phase 3 study of lecanemab in early Alzheimer's disease. For over 15 years, Biogen has been working relentlessly to bring forward new therapeutics in Alzheimer's disease, incorporating both new insights in disease biology and clinical trial design. And today, we celebrate the positive CLARITY AD readout as a significant achievement in the treatment of Alzheimer's disease. The results from Clarity AD illustrated several key aspects of lecanemab's clinical profile, which we believe could provide a meaningful benefit for patients. First, lecanemab administration showed a highly statistically significant reduction in clinical decline as early as six months, which expanded over the 18-month study period on an absolute basis, consistent with the disease-modifying effect. Second, the study was positive on all key secondary endpoints. This includes merger of cognition as well as activities of daily living such as conducting personal finances, performing household tasks, and independently traveling out of home. Third, the rate of area in Clarity AD, was within expectations. With an FDA decision on accelerated approval expected by January 6 of next year, and Eisai's plan to file for traditional approval in the US, EU and Japan by the end of Q1 2023, lecanemab has the potential to be the first globally approved treatment to slow the progression of Alzheimer's disease. We look forward to working with Eisai as they continue to engage both regulators and CMS with a goal of ensuring that people with Alzheimer's disease have access to important new treatments. We believe that, Clarity AD results underscore the progress we are making in the fight against Alzheimer's. But Biogen will not stop here. We plan to build upon our current learning's as we continue to advance a diversified pipeline of potential Alzheimer's treatment. This includes two clinical-stage assets targeting tau pathology, BIIB080, our Phase 2 ready antisense oligonucleotide and BIB113, a Phase 1 small molecule. The pre-owned Alzheimer's Biogen has important opportunities in other therapeutic areas, where the unmet medical need remains significant. This includes depression where, together with Sage, we are continuing to advance the regulatory filing for zuranolone in both major depressive disorders, and postpartum depression, with a novel mechanism of action, efficacy observed as early as three days, and a consistent safety and tolerability profile across eight clinical studies, we believe that zuranolone, if approved, could be a meaningful new therapy for depression. Second, the FDA has accepted our filing for tofersen in SOD1-ALS under the accelerated approval pathway, and granted priority review. While the study did not meet the primary endpoint at six months, longer follow-up has shown that patients who remain on tofersen experienced a slow rate of decline in key clinical measures, including lung functions, muscle strength and quality of life. We are truly encouraged by these results in such a debilitating and fatal disease, and look forward to an FDA decision expected by April of next year. We believe this near-term opportunities, along with new launches of biosimilars, have the potential to drive renewed growth and position us to have five key franchises by 2025. Furthermore, we see the potential for additional growth drivers in the mid to late 2020s in areas such as Parkinson's disease, lupus and stroke, all with programs currently in Phase 3. Overall, we believe that we had an inflection point in CNS drug discovery and development, and these recent developments embody key advancements that are being made in neuroscience. For years, Biogen has been expanding our expertise and capabilities in this area, and we believe that we are well positioned to remain a leader in neuroscience as we work to usher in the new next wave of CNS therapeutics while also advancing our portfolio in specialized immunology where we have four late-stage studies in lupus. I will now turn the call over to Priya for a more detailed update on our recent progress in R&D.
Priya Singhal: Thank you, Michel, and good morning, everyone. As Michel mentioned, we had several exciting R&D achievements this past quarter that meaningfully advance the potential of our pipeline, which includes 30 programs, 12 of which are in Phase 3 are filed in order to deliver new impactful therapies for patients and drive renewed growth for the company. Starting with Alzheimer's disease. Together with Eisai, we were very excited to announce the positive results of the Clarity AD study, evaluating lecanemab in early Alzheimer's disease. The primary endpoint of the study was a change from baseline on CDR Sum of Boxes, a well-established measure of cognition and function in Alzheimer's disease. The study met the primary endpoint and lecanemab reduced clinical decline on the CDR Sum of Boxes compared with placebo at 18 months by 0.45, representing a treatment difference of 27%. We also observed a highly statistically significant reduction in CDR Sum of Boxes versus placebo as early as six months. We believe this demonstrates a rapid onset of efficacy and a significant change in CDR Sum of Boxes versus placebo. Furthermore, the effect on CDR Sum of Boxes expanded over the 18-month study period on an absolute basis, suggesting that lecanumab was exerting a disease modifying effect. The study also met all key secondary endpoints, reinforcing lecanumab's impact on cognition and function. This includes a statistically significant reduction in amyloid blocks in the brain, as well as additional clinical assessments such as the ADCS-MCI-ADL, a caregiver-rated assessment of activities of daily living relative to placebo. We believe that these efficacy results, when combined with an observed overall incidence of ARIA of approximately 21%, highlights the potential for lecanemab to be a leading disease modifying treatment for Alzheimer's disease. Eisai will present the Clarity AD study results at CTAD in November and intends to publish the findings in a peer-reviewed medical journal. The lecanemab filing under the accelerated approval pathway is currently under review with a PDUFA date of January 6, 2023. The FDA has also agreed that the Clarity AD could serve as a confirmatory study to verify the clinical benefit of lecanemab. Accordingly, we expect Eisai will file for traditional approval of lecanemab in the US as soon as possible, following a positive FDA decision on accelerated approval. This filing is expected by the end of Q1 2023, along with marketing authorization applications in the EU and Japan expected by the end of Q1 2023 as well. Eisai has also been engaging with the centers of Medicare and Medicaid services as they work to maximize access for patients. Beyond these regulatory and access engagements, together with Eisai, we are also advancing a comprehensive development program for lecanemab, which includes, first, the ongoing AHEAD 3-45 pre-clinical study to evaluate lecanemab when administered earlier in disease, when amyloid pathology is present but before the onset of cognitive impairment. Second, investigating a potential maintenance dosing regimen with the goal of reducing the lecanemab dosing frequency over time. And the development of a subcutaneous formulation of lecanemab. At AAIC earlier this year, Eisai presented bioavailability data from a Phase I study comparing IV versus subcutaneous dosing as well as modeling and simulation data illustrating that a fixed subcutaneous dose of 720 milligrams administered weekly may potentially result in comparable exposure and efficacy to the current IV formulation while potentially lowering the incidence of ARIA. With these results in hand, we are focused now on maintaining our leadership position in Alzheimer's disease over the long-term. We have an industry-leading portfolio addressing both amyloid and tau pathologies, as well as a multi-target multi-modality pre-clinical portfolio targeting a broad range of Alzheimer's disease biology. Now I will turn to neuropsychiatry, where this quarter, Biogen and Sage presented new data that supports zuranolone's potential, if approved, as a novel treatment for both major depressive disorder and postpartum depression. This includes an updated analysis of the open-label ongoing longitudinal SHORELINE Study in MDD, which showed that the medium time to onset first -- I'm sorry, the median time to first repeat treatment for patients who responded to the original 14-day treatment was 135 days for the 30-milligram cohort and 249 days for the 50-milligram cohort. We believe these data further support zuranolone as a potential meaningful new treatment for people suffering from depression, and we are continuing to work with Sage to advance a single US regulatory filing for zuranolone in MDD and PPD expected to be completed by the end of this year. Moving on to our neuromuscular portfolio. The New England Journal of Medicine recently published 12-month data from the Phase III VALOR study and its open-label extension evaluating tofersen in SOD1-ALS, a progressive and rare genetic form of ALS, which currently has no targeted therapy. The published data showed that patients who initiated tofersen in VALOR experienced slower rates of decline across critical measures of function, muscle strength and quality of life versus those who transitioned from placebo to tofersen at the start of the open label extension six months later. Furthermore, tofersen led to a robust and sustained reduction in neurofilament, a marker of neuronal injury and neurodegeneration. In July, the tofersen filing was accepted by the FDA under the accelerated approval pathway with priority review. Subsequently, we submitted responses to information request by the FDA, which the FDA considered a major amendment to the application that will require additional time for review. As a result, the review period has been extended by three months with an FDA decision now expected by April 25, 2023. In movement disorders, together with Denali, we initiated our second late-stage clinical trial for BIIB122, a small molecule LRRK2 inhibitor. The Phase 3 LIGHTHOUSE study will evaluate BIIB122 in individuals with a confirmed pathogenic LRRK2 mutation. Given that LRRK2 activity is believed to regulate lysosomal function and underlying biological pathway implicated in Parkinson's disease, we are also advancing the Phase 2b LUMA study in idiopathic Parkinson's disease, which we initiated earlier this year. Moving on to specialized immunology. We were excited to announce the initiation of the Phase 2/3 study of Litifilimab or BIB059 in cutaneous lupus erythematosus, or CLE. The prior Phase 2 LILAC study of Litifilimab met the primary endpoints in both parts of the study, evaluating safety and efficacy in individuals with CLE and systemic lupus erythematosus or SLE. The detailed Phase 2 results were recently published as two separate manuscripts in the New England Journal of Medicine. The Phase 2/3 study in CLE builds upon our mid to late-stage pipeline in specialized immunology, which also includes three Phase 3 studies in SLE, two for Litifilimab and one for dapirolizumab pegol, which we are developing in collaboration with UCB. Looking ahead, we also have a number of exciting opportunities on the horizon. This includes the potential to deliver new therapies in Alzheimer's, depression, and SOD1-ALS; initiation of mid to late-stage programs in Alzheimer's disease and stroke; and a proof-of-concept study readout in broad ALS.  In conclusion, we believe that our recent progress exemplifies important elements of our broader approach to R&D at Biogen. This includes a focus on genetically validated targets and biology, the use of novel biomarkers to better characterize disease biology and target engagement, as well as our ability to employ the right therapeutic modality for the specific disease area or target. Together, we believe these principles, combined with our ongoing prioritization effort, has the potential to increase the probability of success in disease areas with significant unmet need. I will now pass the call over to Mike.
Michael McDonnell: Thank you, Priya and good morning everyone. I will provide some highlights of our financial performance for the third quarter and an update to our full year 2022 guidance. Please note that all financial comparisons are versus the third quarter of 2021. Total revenue for the third quarter was $2.5 billion, a decrease of 10% at actual currency and 8% at constant currency. Non-GAAP diluted EPS in the third quarter was $4.77, which was flat versus the third quarter of 2021. Total MS revenue, inclusive of OCREVUS royalties, was $1.6 billion, which was a decrease of 11% at actual currency and 9% at constant currency. Global TECFIDERA revenue of $339 million decreased 32% at actual currency, and 30% at constant currency. We saw continued erosion of TECFIDERA in the US due to generics and an impact from generics outside of the US, primarily in Germany. We continue to see new generic launches in the EU. Earlier this month, the advocate general of the European Court of Justice issued a non-binding advisory opinion. We would expect TECFIDERA to have statutory market protection until at least February of 2024, if the court adopts the advisory opinion. There is no deadline for the court to issue its final decision, but we understand that approximately three to five months after issuance of the advocate general's opinion is typical. Separately, we are filing actions to enforce our recently granted European TECFIDERA dosing patent, which expires in 2028. We have been successful in obtaining preliminary injunctions in some countries and unsuccessful in others, including Germany and France. Until, we either affirm TECFIDERA's entitlement to statutory market protection in the EU, or successfully asserted our patent, generics can continue to sell in the countries where we do not have preliminary injunctions in place. Global VUMERITY revenue of $138 million increased 14% at actual currency and 15% at constant currency. US VUMERITY revenue increased 6% with higher volumes, partially offset by increased discounts and allowances. VUMERITY is being impacted by both payer pressure and the contraction of the oral segment of the market in the United States. We continue to work with our contract manufacturing supplier to address potential supply constraints for VUMERITY. We have identified the root cause implemented manufacturing changes required to resolve the issue and are now working to secure necessary related regulatory approvals. We do not anticipate a supply shortage in 2022 and are currently focused on rebuilding adequate inventory with the goal of ensuring supply and reinitiating new country launches in 2023. Global TYSABRI revenue of $505 million decreased 3% at actual currency and 1% at constant currency. US TYSABRI revenue was negatively impacted by higher discounts and allowances and lower volume. Outside the US, we were pleased to see continued patient growth as well as good uptake of the subcutaneous formulation in the EU, which has now been launched in over 25 markets with an average conversion rate of approximately 40%. Although, the composition of matter patents for TYSABRI have expired, we have other patents related to the making and using of TYSABRI, including those listed in our 10-K. We'll continue to enforce this IP, including filing suit against Sandoz in the United States. Global interferon revenue of $336 million decreased 13% at actual currency and 12% at constant currency and was impacted by the continued shift from the injectable platforms to oral or high efficacy therapies. Moving to SMA. Global SPINRAZA revenue of $431 million declined 3% at actual currency and increased 2% at constant currency. In the United States, SPINRAZA revenue was flat versus the prior year, and we believe we may be seeing signs of stabilization in the US. Outside the US, excluding negative currency impacts, revenue increased due to volume growth in certain Asian markets as well as some positive pricing dynamics, partially offset by competition and the timing of shipments. Overall, we continue to believe that SPINRAZA has the potential to grow over time. Moving to our Biosimilars business. Revenue of $188 million declined 7% at actual currency and 4% at constant currency. We saw an increase in sales volumes, which was offset by unfavorable pricing as well as negative currency impacts. We continue to expect a gradual launch of BYOOVIZ with more meaningful revenue contribution expected to begin in 2023. Total anti-CD20 revenue of $417 million was flat versus the prior year. Revenue from OCREVUS royalties increased 6%, which was offset by continued RITUXAN declines due to biosimilar competition. Now moving on to expenses on the balance sheet. Third quarter non-GAAP cost of sales was $470 million, which includes $12 million of idle capacity charges. Going forward, we expect further pressure on gross margins due to shifts in product mix and potential idle capacity charges largely resulting from the suspension of drug product manufacturing for ADUHELM. Third quarter non-GAAP R&D expense was $549 million. This is compared to $702 million in the third quarter of 2021, which included approximately $165 million in upfront payments related to business development transactions as well as clinical trial closeout costs. Non-GAAP SG&A was $562 million. This is compared to $651 million in the third quarter of 2021. The decrease in SG&A expense was driven primarily by cost savings initiatives. Third quarter collaboration profit sharing was a net expense of $45 million, primarily driven by our collaboration with Samsung Bioepis. Non-GAAP other expense was $55 million, primarily driven by interest expense. In the third quarter, we generated $661 million in cash flow from operations. Capital expenditures were $59 million and free cash flow was $602 million. We repurchased 1.2 million shares of the company's common stock during the quarter for $250 million at an average price of $214 per share. We ended the quarter with $5.8 billion in cash and marketable securities, $6.3 billion in debt and approximately $500 million in net debt. Of note, in the third quarter, we received net proceeds of $583 million from the sale of one of our buildings in Cambridge as part of our office footprint optimization initiative. Additionally, in October, we paid $900 million plus fees and expenses to resolve the previously disclosed qui tam litigation. As a reminder, we expect to receive an additional $1.25 billion over the next 1.5 years from the sale of our equity stake in Samsung Bioepis, including approximately $813 million due in April of next year. Overall, we remain in a very strong financial position with significant cash and financial capacity, including a $1 billion undrawn revolving credit facility to invest in growing the business over the long-term. Before I turn to our updated guidance, let me say a few words about lecanemab. We are excited to be collaborating with Eisai on this important opportunity under a global 50-50 profit sharing agreement. As a reminder, Biogen has the right to co-commercialize and co-promote lecanemab with Eisai who has final decision-making authority. After approval, our share of profits or losses will be booked as a component of other revenue. The lecanemab component of other revenue may be negative in the initial quarters of the launch. Please see Slide 26 in our earnings presentation for other accounting considerations. Let me now discuss our updated full-year 2022 guidance. We are increasing our full-year revenue guidance from our previous range of $9.9 billion to $10.1 billion to a new range of $10 billion $10.115 billion and increasing our full year non-GAAP diluted EPS guidance from our previous range of $15.25 to $16.75 to a new range of $16.50 to $17.15. This guidance increase is primarily a result of better-than-expected topline performance and continued cost management. Our guidance ranges for non-GAAP R&D expense, non-GAAP SG&A expense, and our non-GAAP tax rate are all unchanged from prior guidance. As a reminder, we typically see a seasonally higher SG&A spend in the fourth quarter. This guidance assumes that foreign exchange rates as of September 30th will remain in effect for the remainder of the year, net of hedging activities. This financial guidance also assumes continued declines in RITUXAN revenue due to biosimilar competition, as well as continued erosion of TECFIDERA revenue due to generic entry. Please see our press release for other important guidance assumptions. In summary, we continue to execute well across our core business and are pleased to be raising our financial guidance for the year. We are excited about the recent lecanemab readout and believe our diversified pipeline across neuroscience, specialized immunology, and biosimilars has the potential to return Biogen to growth over time as we continue to build a multi-franchise portfolio. As always, we remain focused on creating long-term value for our shareholders. And with that, we will now open the call for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Umer Raffat with Evercore.
Umer Raffat: Good morning guys. I had a question on the status of your relationship with Eisai. There's a lot of investor questions on it. And I was just really curious if you could speak to sort of the status of the relationship, if you expect Eisai to allow you to commercialize and that there's not been any sort of contractual disputes or anything like that. Thank you very much.
Michel Vounatsos: Thanks for the question, Umer. I can tell you that the relationship is very solid since many years. I have the opportunity to meet and to align with our -- my counterpart on a very regular basis. And I will do that once more in the coming days. The team are working together very closely. The co-commercialization co-marketing is being discussed when we speak and is not yet determined. And -- but overall, the relationship is sound and solid. Mike, do you want to add something?
Michael McDonnell: No, I think that covers it. I would say that as we work together on the commercialization strategy, obviously, Eisai has final decision-making rights, but it is a 50-50 profit share. And together, we're excited for the upcoming CTAD presentation, where more detailed study results will be shared.
Operator: We'll go to our next question from Brian Abrahams with RBC Capital Markets.
Brian Abrahams: Hey good morning. Thanks for taking my question and congrats on the quarter and on the lecanemab data. I'm curious how you envision reimbursement access for lecanemab with an accelerated versus a full approval? And I guess I'm wondering, based on you and your partner's ongoing CMS discussions, what your latest views are on whether topline results from Clarity AD would satisfy CMS' high-level evidence requirements to support NCD reconsideration in the case of an accelerated approval. Thanks.
Michel Vounatsos: Thanks for this important question. I think it all depends to the strength of the evidence. We are very pleased with the top line results on the primary and secondaries. We are all looking forward for CTAD and for a coming publication in order to assess the level of evidence that will be considered by CMS, and that will imply the path forward. Priya?
Priya Singhal: Thank you, Michel. That's exactly right. And I'll just add that there is a -- there are a couple of scenarios that are outlined in the NCD. So for the accelerated approval scenario, it's essentially coverage only in the situation of a randomized controlled trial, which is essentially non-overage. But for traditional approval, there is a range of options, I think, that the NCD indicates, which is that, it could be covered in a CMS-approved prospective comparative study, including registries. The strength and rigor of that kind of study will depend on the strength and rigor of the randomized controlled trial that affords the final traditional approval. So in that sense, we feel very confident about the strength of evidence. As you know, we met the primary endpoint with a treatment difference of 0.45, which translated to 27% versus placebo with lecanemab. And also all secondary endpoints were met in a highly statistical significant manner. And in addition, I would add that we had about 25% of an underrepresented population. So we believe that it's very well designed and the results are very encouraging. The rest will remain to be seen, and Eisai is already engaging with CMS to discus this. You specifically asked about reconsideration, so I'll just add a note there, that in the final scenario that NCD -- the final NCD did put out was that CMS would act with urgency and potentially a reconsideration could be considered. That could take nine to 12 months from a historic precedent perspective. But I think in this sense, they have said that they would act with urgency. And that would be a full coverage without the need for prospective comparative studies. So I think we need to wait for the CTAD data and continue the engagement.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Salveen Richter with Goldman Sachs.
Salveen Richter: Good morning. Thanks for taking my question. On the back of the lecanemab data, can you just walk us through how you're thinking about business development and portfolio prioritization?
Michel Vounatsos: I can tell you that we do remain very active on BDs -- in evaluating BD. Obviously, the portfolio is strong. And as we said during the prepared remarks, we have 12 Phase IIIs of filed products and we are getting prepared for AD, ALS, MDD and PPD. So we are all very busy. Nevertheless, BD is on the table because the portfolio can always be improved. And we are evaluating every week prospects, and we are making progress. We've made more than 30 deals in the past few years, but we continue to be very active. Priya and Mike?
Priya Singhal: Thank you. So I think that's a great question. And just stepping back, as Michel mentioned during the remarks, we see ourselves as leaders in the Alzheimer's space. We believe that we've done a lot of evaluation of the scientific hypotheses, the biology. And we have set up our portfolio to be able to address both what in terms of the biology and also the when. So I think in terms of the biology, we've now had success with lecanemab. Previously, we've seen the results also with aducanumab, and that's the A-beta hypothesis. In addition, we had our own study with the monoclonal antibody against tau, which did not work. So, we did test that hypothesis with the extracellular tau and now we are positioned to initiate our Phase 2 with BIIB080, which is an antisense oligonucleotide that will address all post-translational forms of tau. So we believe [Technical Difficulty] we believe we have a leading antisense oligonucleotide. Also, we have BIIB113 in Phase 1, which addresses tau aggregation and addresses an enzymatic inhibition of tau aggregation. So, we are really trying to tackle this from all the -- from the amyloid and the tau pathology basis. Behind that, in the preclinical space, we have also several other biologies that we are looking at very carefully in terms of targets and also modalities. So, I think we have a very comprehensive approach. And with regards to when, I'm very pleased that we have lecanemab already being tested in preclinical Alzheimer's disease. So, that's a study that's already ongoing, which will address what happens when you intervene with an anti-amyloid therapy, prior -- when you do have the amyloid aggregation but you don't have symptoms. So, I think it's a very comprehensive approach. We are not going to stop here. We continue to look at very attractive targets. And I think BD and internal development will continue to be important. And finally, with lecanemab, we are testing two very important aspects in our development plan. Eisai is obviously the lead on this. In the Phase 2 open-label extension, we're looking at maintenance dosing. So, what's the right frequency to continue to preserve the clinical decline progression stop. And we are looking at subcutaneous development in the Phase III open-label extension. So I think overall, it's very, very comprehensive. And I think this will be a space that we will continue to invest to win. Thank you.
Michel Vounatsos: Mike, do you want to add anything to BD?
Michael McDonnell: No, the only thing I would just quickly add is that -- I think you covered it, but I would just quickly add. You did not see BD activity during the quarter in the way of new collaborations or M&A, you should not read anything into that. We continue to have a very robust pipeline and we continue to look at a variety of deals. It does tend to be lumpy and you should fully expect that there will be more transactions in the future. Thanks.
Michel Vounatsos: So, as Priya said very eloquently, neurodegeneration takes more prominence in our privatization process, and we are in a position to lead in AD, and we are looking at actively at all the targets and assets we could acquire, but also beyond.
Operator: We'll take your next question from Tim Anderson with Wolfe Research.
Tim Anderson: I have a question actually on ADUHELM, and it kind of relates to earlier comments about your role with lecanemab still being under contemplation. I think a lot of folks are under the impression you've all but washed your hands and aren't really doing anything with ADUHELM. But from what I hear, that may not be the case. You're still pursuing a subcu version of the product. It sounds like you still may be trying to figure out a path forward to get CMS reimbursement for APOE4 carriers. And I'm wondering if that is true and if that could be a source of tension with Eisai. It's just not intuitive to me why you wouldn't be all-in on lecanemab instead and why you still may be active with ADUHELM. Thank you.
Michel Vounatsos: So we'll be all-in on lecanemab [ph], together with the great partners that we have, and we will do everything we can to secure access of the product to the patients after regulatory process. Nevertheless, the Clarity AD reinforces the finding that removing aggregated form of a beta [ph] in the brain can be associated with the slowing down of the cognitive decline. And this is very important, and this is what we have shown with ADU, and we have patients currently being dosed on the EMBARK study. And Priya will say more with that.
Priya Singhal: Yes. I'll actually -- I don't have a lot to add. What I'll say is that we are continuing to look at aducanumab, and we haven't made any decisions. For now, we believe that the EMBARK data set is going to be very valuable to the scientific community. These are patients who have been on aducanumab and an anti-amyloid therapy for many years. In addition, we have a post-marketing requirement given that aducanumab was the first product to get accelerated approval, and this is called the ENVISION study. So for now, both ENVISION and EMBARK continue.
Operator: Your next question comes from Chris Raymond with Piper Sandler.
Chris Raymond: Hey, thanks. Just maybe a related question to the last one. So with your commercial infrastructure for ADUHELM largely sort of wound down here. How should we think about the ramp maybe in spend on lecanemab infrastructure come January? And maybe talk about the lessons learned from ADUHELM and walk us through how you resource this launch here as you move from a potential accelerated approval to full approval? Thanks.
Michel Vounatsos: Thanks for the question. I will start and Mike will add on. It was not reasonable based on the timeline and the gap between the ADU, NCD decision and the lecanumab readout and then regulatory process to keep a large force on board. This will not have been reasonable. So we had no choice than to take the actions that we took. Now there is a new page. And together with the partners, we are assessing, considering the benefits -- the strength, the relative strength of each company in each continent since we intend to file for full approval at the same time approximately in the US, in Europe and Japan should we have the accelerated approval early in the year. We are planning the investment, but we are not yet completely there. So we'll do that in a very paced and controlled manner, and we'll take it from here. Mike?
Michael McDonnell: Yes. I would just add to that, that as we continue discussions with Eisai on the commercialization strategy, it's a 50-50 profit share. They have the final decision rights, as we've said. There are learnings from the ADUHELM situation that obviously we  we all share openly. And I would say that I do feel very highly confident that we will -- you'll see a commercial ramp in spend that will have much better proximity to revenue than you saw on ADUHELM and obviously, there were a number of things on ADUHELM that didn't go the direction that we had anticipated. But I do feel confident that we'll be able to gauge it in a way that -- and Eisai will be able to gauge it in a way that the ramp in spend will have better proximity to revenue than what you saw on ADUHELM.
Operator: Your next question--
Michel Vounatsos: And I will say -- and if I may, I will say that we have a new process ahead of us. What we thought a couple of years ago is that an accelerated will mean product launch, and this was not the case. So, here now, we have a new process that was outlined and then we'll be very much controlled in the way we spend the company's resource to scale up.
Operator: Your next question comes from Matthew Harrison with Morgan Stanley.
Matthew Harrison: Great. Good morning. Thanks for taking the question. I wanted to address another question that I think we get a lot from investors, which is about the potential for certain subgroups or populations to outperform and drive a significant part of the lecanemab topline results. So, can you just maybe confirm, if that was the case, if for example a certain subgroup was a major driver of the response that you would have called that out in the topline, or how should we think about that going into CTAD? Thanks.
Priya Singhal: I can take that question. Thanks for the question, Matthew. So overall, I'll just say that the Clarity AD met its primary endpoint, which was CDR-Sum of Boxes and this was with a p-value of 0.00005. So, it was very, very highly significant. And this was a large trial. So, it was about 1,800 participants with -- including the underrepresented population and it met all its secondary endpoints, which were independent domains of cognition and function. So, overall, we feel that the results are very, very positive and that they're very encouraging. Now, details of subgroup analyses have not been shared by Eisai, and I think we need to wait for the CTAD to see more details about both the primary and the secondary endpoints. But at this point, I would say that overall, we believe that we just have to wait, and we feel very encouraged by what we've seen on the topline. I won't be able to comment on exactly what you may or may not see. I think we have to wait for CTAD for that.
Operator: Your next question comes from Brian Skorney with Baird.
Brian Skorney: Hey good morning everyone. Thanks for taking my question. I was wondering if you could outline any broad timeline that you have for subcu lecanemab. Just wondering what the pathway looks like and maybe you're seeking to get initial and chronic dosing approved, or would this be more like initially a label where you could have patients switching who have initiated IV over a period of time? And just any learnings from your interactions with FDA on subcu to -- that you think might be applied as forward?
Priya Singhal: Thank you, Brian. So, overall, what I can tell you is that this is a very important part of the long-term comprehensive clinical development plan for lecanemab. And the subcutaneous formulation development has -- is already being pursued in the Phase 3 open-label extension. We're also -- Eisai is also engaging with FDA. So, there are lots of discussions ongoing. I would just say that the Phase 1 bioavailability data has already been shared publicly. So, I already shared that. And as I mentioned in my remarks, they are currently looking at the 720-milligram weekly fixed dosing, and this is being evaluated. But the timelines and the details of what else the package might need that has not been shared. And so I would say just let's wait for that to be shared, and we will share that when it's appropriate. But it is a very important endeavor, and it is ongoing.
Operator: Your next question comes from Michael Yee with Jefferies.
Michael Yee: Hey, thanks. Good morning. Going back to the comments about CMS reimbursement and having to wait for CTAD data, I guess maybe you could talk about what pathways or what types of interactions, if any, or what approach you can have with CMS to push urgency, whether that be patient advocacy groups, whether you guys are working hard to do that or whether they just see that there's clearly a change from ADUHELM situation a year ago and they will act fast. Thank you.
Michel Vounatsos: So Eisai has the lead in engaging regulators and payers. And from what we know is that Eisai has already initiated engagement with CMS. So they're responsible for this activity. And at this stage, I will not provide more details. But the engagement is there, which is the most important.
Operator: We'll go next to Robyn Karnauskas with Truist Securities.
Robyn Karnauskas: Thank you. My question is two fronts. So we're hearing a lot that Lilly has a very big presence right now and mind share of doctors in this space. And you mentioned, Mike, that you tend to -- that you think that we'll have more -- I'm trying to interpret what you said, is that you're going to ramp up spend in line with revenue. Can you just elaborate a little bit there? Because you will have competitors in the space. And a small question for Priya. We also hear that tau pathology that you may not want to do trials in patients that already have a beta plaque with tau  a couple of questions there.
Michael McDonnell: Yes. I'll just clarify the point that I made before. As Eisai develops the commercialization strategy along with us, the goal there, obviously, the first and primary goal will be to get the launch right and put an infrastructure in place that supports the best launch possible and we'll be in position. And obviously, in the situation that we had with ADUHELM, when we received approval in June of 2021, we had a large infrastructure that was built up and ready to go. And then obviously, we encountered significant delays. And the point that I was making is that we would hope that, that wouldn't be a repeat and that we would have the appropriate infrastructure to support a successful launch. That's priority one. And then hopefully, we wouldn't experience delays like that. And so that you would see a spend that would ramp in front of revenue, but it wouldn't have the gap that it did on ADUHELM.
Priya Singhal: And I can add to that, Robyn. Thanks, Mike. I can add to that. In terms of doctors and mind share, I think that, obviously, this is a very highly rapidly evolving space from a scientific perspective. And I think lecanemab has demonstrated that removal of the plaques can result in a clinical impact. And this is really going to be important. I'd also like to add that the safety profile is going to be really, really important here. For example, with lecanemab, we've got rates of ARIA that are about 21%. We've seen this to be within expectations. And I think that this, together with the efficacy results, are going to be important for doctors to consider. So overall, while I think the question was a little bit more maybe about the launch, I would say that the mind share will depend on the data and I think the data needs to be seen from the other anti-amyloid therapies before we decide what is going to be meaningful. The other piece I think here is we see ourselves as pioneers. We've got this very encouraging data. We think that this is a very broad and complex patient population and the need and unmet need is very, very high. So, we think it's a very important place where we [Technical Difficulty] difference to patients. And then Robyn, on the second question, can you please clarify that? I didn't quite catch it. You broke up towards the end.
Robyn Karnauskas: Yes, sorry. So, for tau pathology, some scientists believe that you want to clear plaque before you give the tau. In other words, tau may not work alone. You may need to actually combine it with lecanemab, now that we understand the biology. The thought on all these trials that are ongoing, including 080, like how -- do you think that there is a chance that they may not work because you actually need to actually clear plaque with an A-beta drug like lecanemab?
Priya Singhal: Got it. So, I think I'll just step back to say that obviously, amyloid pathology is very key. We also believe that it's potentially upstream of tau pathology. And with aducanumab with -- our data with aducanumab, we did show the impact on phospho-related tau and such. So, we think that this cascade overall is going to be very important. Having said that, I think that you're right, that maybe the future of Alzheimer's disease is going to be about the timing of intervention, which I already spoke to, and that's a very different matter. But it could also be that one type of approach may not be adequate. The question here is that we're trying to be very systematic and methodical in how we approach it. So, we've now demonstrated with lecanemab that really there is the removal of aggregated plaque, which results in clinical impact. And I think Eisai has also shared earlier this year that this could result, based on data from Phase 2b and modeling, that this could result in a preservation of about two to three years before patients progress to significantly more severe stages of Alzheimer's. This is based on modeling and data from Phase 2, and I know that they have said publicly that they will also do this type of analysis with the Phase 3 data. So, I think that we are making significant progress. And then separately, we are tackling the BIIB080, which we had very encouraging results from our Phase 1b trial where we showed a dose and time-dependent reduction of tau. And we believe it addresses all forms of tau. So, now we're in the process of initiating a Phase 2. But you're absolutely right. We will be looking at many different approaches in how we can benefit patients in the best way that we can. So, yes, all biologies need to be considered, but we need to go step wise, and we need to be systematic about this.
Michel Vounatsos: And if I may add on the mind share, the epidemiology is so large. There is so much to be built in terms of infrastructure that I -- we all welcome the efforts of other companies. Specifically, about lecanemab, and I know that you have engaged with scientific leaders, some of you. We have engaged with [Technical Difficulty] and clinicians. I think the feedback is very positive from what we hear. And at the end of the day, it will be the efficacy at six months and expanded over a period of 18-month study and the safety that will make the difference between the compounds. But at this stage, we welcome every effort to prepare the market for the patients in need.
Operator: Your next question comes from Jay Olson with Oppenheimer.
Jay Olson: Hey, thanks for taking the question and congrats on the Clarity AD results. I'm curious about the potential for your collaboration with Denali and how you plan to leverage their TV platform for A Beta antibodies, including lecanemab and ADUHELM. Now that we have positive clear DAD results, do you think better brain penetration could improve the therapeutic profile of A Beta antibodies? And what is the timeline to nominate a candidate from the TV program? Thank you.
Priya Singhal: Thank you, Jay. It's a very good question. What I can share with you is that we are looking across our portfolio, and we're looking at several of our existing partnerships to see how we can actually move and build on the strength of these data and the strength of the biological hypothesis that we've seen. I can't comment more specifically on the Denali TV platform. But yes, everything is on the table. We'll be looking at everything very carefully, and we'll make announcements as they become relevant and as it's appropriate. Thank you.
Operator: We'll go next to Phil Nadeau with Cowen and Company.
Phil Nadeau: Good morning. Thanks for taking our questions. A follow-up question on the learnings from the aducanumab launch. What are Biogen's recent thoughts on lecanemab's price? Would you expect to price at a premium to ADUHELM because of better data, a discount because of the pushback? And appreciating that Eisai has final say on all commercialization decisions, what role will Biogen play in setting the price of lecanemab? Thank you.
Michel Vounatsos: As you can anticipate, we cannot comment. It's Eisai's decision, and we will not interfere with this process.
Operator: We'll go next to Marc Goodman with SVB Securities.
Marc Goodman: Yes. Could you give us a little more color on OUS SPINRAZA, just what the dynamics were? Something about price increases or positive pricing dynamics there? And then just, Priya, can you just confirm, is the subcu dose 720 weekly, is that the one that we're going to be we're still working on the dosing regimen?
Michel Vounatsos: I think your question was about ex US SPINRAZA?
Marc Goodman: Yes.
Michel Vounatsos: Yes, so we see two types of dynamic. We see a European momentum that is being slowed down by the launch of risdiplam. But we are sharing data on the switch from patients, patients from the U.S. from plan back to SPINRAZA for efficacy reasons. So I think -- and we are learning from the US. So it's a matter of time. We are learning from the US. We're delighted by the US results. And we believe that this becomes a model for what other continents should learn from. And ex core Europe, we see a very rapid growth in terms of volume, but the price is not the same. So this is the momentum ex US. Overall, we are delighted by the US results where we can see SPINRAZA coming back, and we believe the product will resume its momentum to grow gradually. Mike, do you want to add?
Michael McDonnell: Yes. I would just add, and in the spirit of your question, Mark, was directed more at OUS. We mentioned the US was flat. And OUS overall, there was a modest decline, but if you strip out FX on a constant currency basis, there was actually growth and that growth to the points that we made in our prepared remarks, there was a modest volume decline primarily due to competition in places like Germany and Canada and Japan, and we had some timing items, Russia, Brazil, a few others, which was partially offset by volume growth in China. But we did have price increases in a few of our markets throughout Europe that more than offset the volume. So to kind of unpack it, you had modest volume declines slightly more than offset by price increases and then you had the FX going against you OUS.
Priya Singhal: And I'll just wrap up really quickly on the second point. I think that your -- second question you had, Eisai has communicated that the 720-milligram weekly fixed dose is the dose that show the equivalents to intravenous dosing, 10-milligram per kg biweekly. And it's also actually now listed for the auto-injector study that was recently announced. I think that was the question. Please correct me if you had a different point in there.
Marc Goodman: No, thats it. Thank you.
Priya Singhal: Thank you.
Marc Goodman: Yes, thank you.
Operator: We'll go next to Chris Schott with JPMorgan.
Chris Schott: Great. Thanks so much for the questions. Can you just talk a little bit more around the dynamics about the two-week IV therapy for lecanemab as we wait for the subcu and maintenance programs? I guess, reimbursement aside, how challenging do you think this is going to be from a commercial and infrastructure standpoint? And I know you're not talking about timing, but is this a relatively short window that you envision that will be using this current dosing paradigm or could be dealing with this for an extended period of time? Thank you.
Priya Singhal: Okay. So, I think overall, we've seen very good data with the 10-milligram per kg biweekly dose. I think the important point that is very, very, I think, relevant here is that the separation is seen at six months -- as early as six months, there's no titration and that expands on an absolute basis until the 18-month primary endpoint readout in Clarity AD. So, this is very encouraging data. I would say that as the infrastructure around Alzheimer's disease and all of this has been built out, it will actually be quite important for patients to be seen by physicians. So, we don't see it necessarily as a disadvantage, if that was the question. We don't see it as a disadvantage. But having said that, we are doing everything. Eisai is leading this effort, and we're trying to make sure that we are keeping patient convenience in mind, which is the premise of the subcutaneous development. So, I can't comment beyond that on how long it will be intravenous and when would it transition to subcutaneous. But we're looking at all these aspects very carefully at a high level and also at a granular level as we build out the clinical development program with all these topics in mind. So, overall, we believe in the early stages, it will actually be really important for patients to be seen in the clinic every two weeks.
Operator: Your next question comes from Paul Matteis with Stifel.
Paul Matteis: Great. Thanks so much. I was wondering, based on your experience in the field with ADUHELM, how would you characterize infusion capacity today in neurology clinics ahead of the lecanemab launch? Where is it today? And how much ramp up do you think needs to happen for there to be materially broader access over time?
Michel Vounatsos: So what we saw for ADUHELM is that the system has shown some adaptability by shifting some of the existing infusion center to potentially ADUHELM at that time should there be reimbursement. We never got reimbursement, so this never happened. And overall, I believe there is a need to upscale and the capacity has to be much larger. But from our learning, we could see that the system was flexible and adaptable based on the current capacity.
Operator: Your next question comes from Geoff Meacham with Bank of America.
Geoff Meacham: Good morning, guys. Thanks so much for the questions. Just a follow-up on lecanemab launch spending. Post the restructuring that you guys had earlier this year, can you talk a little bit about the manufacturing assets that you can redeploy or maybe some of the commercial investments that you made for ADUHELM that can be reallocated for the lecanemab launch? I'm just trying to get a sense for kind of the magnitude of  of the spend versus the adoption over the course of next year.
Michel Vounatsos: Mike?
Michael McDonnell: Yes. So a couple of comments, Geoff. Thanks for the question. I would say first on manufacturing, we have a significant facility in Raleigh, North Carolina and then we have a relatively new facility in Solothurn Switzerland. And the Solothurn Switzerland facility will be largely dedicated to our Alzheimer's disease products, which for now involves a ramp-up of getting inventory ready for launch for lecanemab. I think we had a little over $100 million of inventory on hand as of the end of the quarter. And the -- that facility, it's efficiency, so to speak, is heavily tied to the lecanemab launch. And then to the extent that ADUHELM becomes more marketable, we could utilize that facility as well. So that's the state of play there. There will be some idle capacity. You saw about $12 million this quarter. There'll be some idle capacity charges that we'll have to incur over time as that product ramps. I would say on the commercial infrastructure, there's not a lot that cane [ph] will be repurposed from ADUHELM. We did make the decision, as we've said before, to take that infrastructure down. It was just too long of a time gap from the time that we received the NCD in April of 2022 to when lecanemab would become fully commercialized to maintain that infrastructure. So most of that's been eliminated as part of our $1 billion cost savings that we've committed. And so for the most part, the lecanemab, commercialization will be a new ramp and a new infrastructure that will be built.
End of Q&A:
Mike Hencke: That concludes our call for this morning. Thank you, everyone, for joining us.
Operator: This concludes today's call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2022 Q2  (2022-07-20 08:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning. My name is Katie, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I'd like to welcome everyone to the Biogen Second Quarter Earnings Call and Financial Update. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions]. I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Mike Hencke, Head of Investor Relations. Mr. Hencke, you may begin your conference.
Michael Hencke: Good morning, and welcome to Biogen's second quarter 2022 earnings call. Before we begin, I encourage everyone to go to the Investors section of biogen.com to find the earnings release and related financial tables, including our GAAP financial measures and a reconciliation of the GAAP to non-GAAP financial measures that we will discuss today. Financials are provided in Tables 1 and 2, and Table 4 includes a reconciliation of our GAAP to non-GAAP financial results. We believe non-GAAP financial results better represent the ongoing economics of our business and reflect how we manage the business internally. We have also posted slides on our website that follow the discussions related to this call. I would like to point out that we will be making forward-looking statements, which are based on our current expectations and beliefs. These statements are subject to certain risks and uncertainties and our actual results may differ materially. I encourage you to consult the risk factors discussed in our SEC filings for additional detail. On today's call, Im joined by our Chief Executive Officer, Michel Vounatsos; Dr. Priya Singhal, Interim Head of Research and Development; and our CFO, Mike McDonnell. As a reminder, during the Q&A portion of the call, we kindly ask that you limit yourself to one question. I will now turn the call over to Michel.
Michel Vounatsos : Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us. Biogen continued to execute well in the second quarter, and we are pleased to be raising our full year financial guidance. We believe our achievements are critical steps on our path to drive renewed value creation for both patients and shareholders over time. First, together with Eisai, we're granted Priority Review for lecanemab, under the accelerated approval pathway in the U.S. for early Alzheimer's disease. We expect an FDA decision by January 6 of next year. And in parallel, we look forward to the upcoming Phase 3 readout expected in the fall. Additionally, together with Sage, we reported positive data in postpartum depression. The SKYLARK Study is now the second positive Phase 3 study supporting the potential of zuranolone in PPD with four additional positive randomized controlled trials in major depressive disorders. We believe there is a substantial body of evidence supports a significant opportunity for zuranolone. Pursuit of innovation, however, does not come without setbacks, and we were disappointed to learn that the BIIB104 Phase 2 study in schizophrenia was not positive. I will now focus on the near-term operational priorities we outlined in our last call, while Priya will review our recent progress in R&D, and Mike will discuss our second quarter performance. First, we are continuing to focus our R&D sources on programs where we see the greatest potential while also aiming to rebalance the risk profile across our pipeline. For example, we intend to accelerate the regulatory filing of zuranolone in postpartum depression following the positive SKYLARK Study. In addition, we have terminated some R&D programs that we believe lower positive success such as BIIB076, an anti-tau antibody in Alzheimer's disease and BIIB100, a small molecule XPO1 inhibitor in ALS. Second, we are on track to implement the cost reduction and productivity measures outlined on our last call in order to further align our costs with our revenue base while maintaining our focus on execution. Third, we are pursuing additional global growth opportunities with a focus on key emerging markets. This includes China, where we are encouraged by the launch of SPINRAZA. Fourth, we are focused on driving renewed growth in our biosimilars business. We just recently launched BYOOVIZ, the first biosimilar referencing LUCENTIS in the U.S. Biogen's first entry into the U.S. biosimilars market, we also expect to begin launching BYOOVIZ outside the U.S. early next year. With the completion of the sales of our joint venture interest in Samsung Bioepis in the second quarter, we now have an expanded ability to pursue the biosimilars business on our own as we aim to bring more biosimilars products to more patients, geographies. We continue to advance our biosimilars pipeline, which includes two Phase 3 programs referencing EYLEA and ACTEMRA. Fifth, we remain focused on capital allocation during the quarter. We entered into new collaborations with MedRhythms in MS and Alectos in Parkinson's disease, and we continue to evaluate both internal and external value creation opportunities. We also returned approximately $500 million to shareholders during the quarter through share repurchases. We are also pleased with the progress in our collaboration with Genentech for mosunetuzumab, a CD20xCD3 bispecific antibody which recently approved in the EU for patients with relapsed or refractory follicular lymphoma. The BLA of mosunetuzumab for medication was recently granted Priority Review by the FDA, and we look forward to a potential approval in the U.S. Our progress across these areas in addition to the recent advancements we have made in R&D have potential to help drive growth over time. Of course, not all our programs will deliver the results, we hope, which is why we are continuing to advance and build a diversified and appropriately balanced pipeline as we work to create and sustain a multi-franchise portfolio over time. This includes near-term opportunities in Alzheimer's disease and depression followed by other areas such as Parkinson's disease, lupus and stroke in the mid- to late 2020s. We remain committed to taking advantage of all the strengths of the company. Our talent, our portfolio, our manufacturing capabilities, our pipeline, which includes 10 programs in Phase 3 or filed and our strong balance sheet to deliver results for both the patients we serve and our shareholders. I will now turn the call over to Priya for an update on our recent progress in R&D.
Priya Singhal: Thank you, Michel, and good morning, everyone. I would like to start by thanking the Biogen team for their focus and dedication as we continued to advance a robust and diversified R&D pipeline. As Michel mentioned, we had several exciting R&D achievements this past quarter that I believe are key steps toward advancing our pursuit of meaningful new therapies for patients. Starting with Alzheimer's disease, as Michel mentioned, the FDA has accepted and granted Priority Review for the BLA for lecanemab in early Alzheimer's disease under the accelerated approval pathway. Eisai is also continuing to progress lecanemab Phase 3 Clarity study with an expected readout this fall. The Clarity AD study was designed to build upon the results of the prior Phase 2 study and utilizes clinically balanced assessments designed to evaluate various aspects of cognition and function. Given the robust trial design, we believe that the totality of the Clarity AD results should allow us to further understand the effect of amyloid removal on different clinical domains of Alzheimer's disease. The FDA has agreed that Clarity AD when completed can serve as a confirmatory study to verify the clinical benefit of lecanemab, pending the results of Clarity AD study, Eisai plans to file for traditional approval of lecanemab in the U.S., EU and Japan by the end of Q1 2023. This timing may allow for lecanemab, if approved, to become the first anti-amyloid antibody for Alzheimer's disease with traditional approval. Last quarter, simulation modeling based on lecanemab Phase 2 results, Eisai also published an analysis estimating potential long-term outcomes of treatment with lecanemab. The results of this analysis suggest that compared to standard of care alone, individuals treated with lecanemab, in addition to standard of care, may potentially experience slower disease progression to mild, moderate and severe Alzheimer's disease from baseline by 2.51, 3.13 and 2.34 years on average, respectively. These preliminary results could possibly translate into additional quality-adjusted life years and reduction in formal and informal cost of this disease. Beyond lecanemab, we continue to advance biosimilars pipeline that is diversified across molecular targets and modalities. This includes BIIB080, our ASO targeting tau, where we expect to initiate a Phase 2 study later this year. Moving to neuropsychiatry, together with Sage, we were very excited to announce positive results from the SKYLARK Phase 3 Study of zuranolone in postpartum depression. The SKYLARK Study met its primary endpoint and all key secondary endpoints with a 2-week course of 50 milligrams zuranolone, demonstrating a statistically significant improvement in symptoms at day 15 as compared to placebo, the primary endpoint and at day 3, day 28 and 45. This is the second positive Phase 3 study of zuranolone in postpartum depression further reinforces the clinical profile of zuranolone that has been observed to date. Postpartum depression is 1 of the most common medical complications occurring during and after pregnancy, affecting an estimated 1 in 8 mothers or approximately 500,000 women in the United States each year. Depression, sadness, anxiety, thoughts of hurting oneself or one's infant and thoughts of suicide are common signs associated with PPD. This is an area of significant unmet need where new treatment options are desperately needed. With the SKYLARK Study results now in hand, we are working with Sage to advance a single regulatory filing for zuranolone in MDD and PPD in the U.S., which we expect to complete in the second half of this year. Last quarter, Sage also presented the results of the zuranolone Human Abuse Liability potential study at the College on Problems of Drug Dependence annual meeting. The results of this study showed that 30 and 60 milligrams of zuranolone demonstrated lower abuse potential as compared with alprazolam 1.5 milligrams and 3 milligrams in recreational users of CNS depressants. 90 milligrams of zuranolone was comparable to alprazolam, 1.5 milligrams and 3 milligrams. As a reminder, the zuranolone doses studied in the MDD and PPD trials were between 20 to 50 milligrams. Also in neuropsychiatry, we were disappointed that the TALLY Phase 2 study of BIIB104 in cognitive impairment associated with schizophrenia or CIAS, did not meet its primary or secondary efficacy endpoints. Most adverse events in the BIIB104 treatment arms were mild to moderate in severity. Given the consistent lack of efficacy observed across the primary and secondary measures of cognition and functioning, while demonstrating expected drug exposure levels during the entire 12-week evaluation period, we have decided to discontinue the BIIB104 program in CIAS. We are continuing to analyze the data and plan to present detailed results at an upcoming scientific forum. Moving to our neuromuscular portfolio. Last month, we presented new 12-month data from the VALOR Phase 3 study and its open-label extension of tofersen in SOD1-ALS, a progressive and rare genetic form of ALS. This analysis was designed to evaluate participants who initiated tofersen during 6 months placebo controlled period in VALOR versus in participants originally on placebo, who had a delayed start of tofersen treatment during the study of open-label extension. The results of the new 12-month analysis showed that initial -- earlier initiation of tofersen slowed decline across measures of clinical and respiratory function, strength and quality of life. Furthermore, tofersen led to robust and sustained reductions in neurofilament, a marker of axonal injury and neurodegeneration. We believe that these results build upon the encouraging trends in reduced disease progression originally observed in the VALOR 6-month randomized study and further support the potential for tofersen to slow disease progression in SOD1-ALS. We continue to engage global regulators with these data, and we will provide updates when appropriate. In movement disorders, we initiated the Phase 2b LUMA Study in Parkinson's disease for BIIB122, a small molecule LRRK2 inhibitor that we are developing in collaboration with Denali Therapeutics. LRRK2 mutations result in hyperactivation of the kinase and are estimated to account for roughly 5% of familial and 2% of sporadic Parkinson's disease. By inhibiting LRRK2, BIIB122 is designed to target an underlying biological pathway implicated in Parkinson's disease, lysosomal function. For this reason, we believe BIIB122 may have therapeutic potential in Parkinson's disease more broadly, both in people with and without pathogenic LRRK2 mutation. The LUMA study is designed to evaluate whether once daily oral BIIB122 administration can slow clinical worsening versus placebo in Parkinson's disease patients without a pathogenic LRRK2 variant. We also anticipate initiating the Phase 3 LIGHTHOUSE Study later this year designed to evaluate the safety and efficacy of BIIB122 in Parkinson's disease patients with a confirmed LRRK2 pathogenic variant. There are roughly 10 million people suffering from Parkinson's disease worldwide and no approved treatment sets slowed disease progression. By inhibiting LRRK2, we have the potential to deliver a first-in-class therapy that may significantly alter the course of disease. In conclusion, we executed well against our R&D objectives in the quarter and continue to prioritize our efforts across both therapeutic areas and programs. As Michel mentioned, we have already made several decisions resulting from this prioritization effort. And this is an ongoing process that will be driven by both scientific insights and internal inflection points. Moving towards the remainder of 2022, we anticipate several exciting milestones. These include zuranolone regulatory filings for both MDD and PPD in the U.S., the Phase 3 readout of lecanemab in Alzheimer's disease and the initiation of mid- to late-stage studies in Alzheimer's, Parkinson's and lupus. These are therapeutic areas characterized by significant unmet need and where Biogen has opportunity to deliver first-in-class, best-in-class therapies to patients. I will now pass the call over to Mike.
Michael McDonnell : Thank you, Priya, and good morning, everyone. I will provide some highlights of our financial performance for the second quarter and update to our full year 2022 guidance. Please note that all financial comparisons are versus the second quarter of 2021, unless otherwise noted. Total revenue for the second quarter was $2.6 billion, which was a decrease of 7% at actual currency and 5% at constant currency. Non-GAAP diluted earnings per share in the second quarter was $5.25, a decrease of 6%. Total MS revenue inclusive of OCREVUS royalties was $1.7 billion, a decrease of 4% at actual currency and 3% at constant currency. Global TECFIDERA revenue of $398 million decreased 18% at actual currency and 17% at constant currency. TECFIDERA revenue in the U.S. increased versus the prior quarter. However, this was primarily due to channel dynamics and we do expect TECFIDERA in the U.S. to decline throughout the year of 2022. Outside the U.S., TECFIDERA was modestly impacted by generic competition in markets such as Canada and Germany. At this point, we are aware of several generic applications that have approved in Europe, and we will be monitoring the situation closely. Importantly, we were pleased to be granted a new patent in the EU and reserve all rights to assert the patent against infringing but it's possible that it may still be at risk. Global VUMERITY revenue of $137 million increased 51% at actual currency and 52% at constant currency. VUMERITY continued to grow in the U.S. We are pleased with the trajectory. Outside the U.S., VUMERITY is now launched in 14 markets. We are currently working with our contract manufacturing suppliers potential supply constraints and have therefore delayed any additional country launches. Global TYSABRI revenue of $516 million decreased 2% at actual currency and was flat at constant currency. In the United States, TYSABRI revenue was negatively impacted by modest volume declines, partially offset by favorable pricing. Outside the U.S., we were pleased to see continued patient growth. We are aware that regulatory filings for a biosimilar referencing TYSABRI have been submitted to both the FDA and the EMA. We will continue to enforce our IP, but a biosimilar could launch upon approval in the U.S. and EU, which could occur next year. Global Interferon revenue of $350 million decreased 13% at actual currency and 11% at constant and was impacted by the continued shift from the injectable platform to oral or high efficacy therapies. Versus the prior quarter, Interferon revenue increased 13% at actual currency and 14% at constant currency, primarily due to seasonality in channel dynamics in the U.S. Moving to SMA. Global SPINRAZA revenue of $431 million, declined 14% at actual currency and 11% at constant currency. In the U.S., we're encouraged to see fewer SPINRAZA discontinuations during the quarter. Outside the U.S., the revenue decline was primarily driven by competition and with the timing of shipments in certain markets, pricing dynamics and negative currency impacts. Global SPINRAZA revenue decreased 9% versus the first quarter of 2022 at actual currency and 8% at constant currency, driven by competition and negative currency impacts outside the U.S. as well as some seasonality dynamics in the U.S. Moving to our biosimilars business. Revenue of $194 million declined 4% at actual currency, increased 3% at constant currency. Biosimilars volume increases were more than offset by negative currency impact and pricing pressure. We continue to expect full year biosimilars revenue to decrease versus 2021. We are pleased to have launched BYOOVIZ this quarter in the U.S., and we recorded some modest initial revenue due to channel stocking. As a reminder, we expect a gradual launch of BYOOVIZ with more meaningful revenue contribution starting in 2023. Total anti-CD20 revenue of $436 million decreased 1%. Revenue from OCREVUS royalties increased 14%, which was more than offset by continued RITUXAN declines due to biosimilar competition. Now moving on to expenses and the balance sheet. Second quarter non-GAAP R&D expense was $529 million, including $18 million in upfront payments related to operations with MedRhythms and Alectos Therapeutics. This is compared to $585 million in the second quarter of 2021, which included approximately $50 million in upfront payments. Non-GAAP SG&A was $570 million, including approximately $29 million related to ADUHELM. This is compared to $635 million in the second quarter of 2021. Second quarter collaboration profit sharing was a net expense of $29 million, which includes $58 million of profit sharing expense related to the collaboration with Samsung Bioepis, partially offset by reimbursement of $29 million from Eisai related to commercialization of ADUHELM in the U.S. Non-GAAP other expense was $79 million, primarily driven by interest expense. GAAP other income was $429 million, which included two items of note. First, we recorded an approximately $1.5 billion gain on the sale of our equity stake in the Samsung Bioepis joint venture. In addition, we recorded $900 million, plus estimated fees and expenses, related to an agreement in principle to resolve a previously disclosed qui tam litigation relating to conduct prior to 2015. This agreement in principle does not include any admission of liability and is subject to the negotiation of final settlement agreements and documents. We expect to make the payment shortly after the agreements are finalized, which we expect to be as soon as possible and within the next 12 months. In the second quarter, we generated $737 million in cash flow from operations. Capital expenditures were $37 million. Free cash flow was $700 million. We repurchased 2.4 million shares of the company's common stock during the quarter for $500 million. As of June 30, we ended the quarter with $7.3 billion in debt, $5.9 billion in cash and marketable securities and $1.4 billion in net debt. In July, we repaid our senior notes due September 2022, with an aggregate principal amount of $1 billion. Of note, as of June 30, we utilized approximately $71 million of work in-process inventory related to lecanemab. We plan to continue building inventory over the coming months and we are also procuring raw materials associated with this production. If the lecanemab Phase 3 study is negative or lecanemab does not receive regulatory approval, we would expect to expense inventory on hand at that time as research and development expense subject to cost sharing with Eisai. Overall, we remain in a very strong financial position with significant cash and financial capacity, including a $1 billion undrawn revolving credit facility to invest in growing the business over the long term. Let me now turn to our updated full year 2022 guidance. We are increasing our full year revenue guidance from our previous range of $9.7 billion to $10 billion to a range of $9.9 billion to $10.1 billion and increasing our full year non-GAAP diluted EPS guidance from our previous range of $14.25 to $16 to a new range of $15.25 to $16.75. This guidance increase is primarily a result of better-than-expected topline performance and continued cost management. This guidance assumes that foreign exchange rates, as of July 15, will remain in effect for the remainder of the year, net of hedging activities. Importantly, we are raising our revenue and EPS guidance ranges despite some meaningful currency headwinds which were not included in our guidance at the beginning of the year. Specifically, subsequent to issuing our most recent guidance on May 3, we have experienced a headwind of approximately $55 million to revenue and $0.20 to EPS due to currency fluctuations from April 29 through July 15. This is in addition to a headwind of approximately $120 million to revenue and $0.35 to EPS due to currency fluctuations between January 1 and April 29. These currency headwinds are primarily due to strengthening of the U.S. dollar relative to other currencies in which we transact. This financial guidance assumes continued declines in RITUXAN revenue due to biosimilar competition as well as continued erosion of TECFIDERA revenue in the U.S. due to generic entry. Further, this guidance reflects a range of scenarios for the impact of TECFIDERA generics in the EU, which is difficult to predict. We are aware of a small number of generics that have launched to date, and we are monitoring the situation. We assume we will utilize a portion of the remaining share repurchase authorization of $2.3 billion throughout the remainder of the year. Please see our press release for important guidance assumptions. In summary, we continue to execute well across our core business and are pleased to be raising our financial guidance for the year. We remain focused on delivering results and are optimistic about the potential opportunities ahead of us that we believe can create long-term value for shareholders. We will now open the call for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Brian Abrahams with RBC Capital.
Brian Abrahams : So we noticed that -- and you discussed this a bit that you have been discontinuing pipeline programs, maybe a little bit earlier on, including 104, 100 and 076. Just wondering if you could maybe comment on that, whether this reflects any change in your philosophy on risk assumption and go no-go decision with respect to pipeline prioritization and maybe how -- if that might imply anything for your bar to pursue approval of lecanemab if the Phase 3 study misses on its primary endpoint?
Michel Vounatsos : Priya will give some color.
Priya Singhal : Thank you, Brian, for that question. So as we've mentioned last quarter, we've embarked upon a very focused and disciplined prioritization of the R&D portfolio. But it is dependent on internal inflection points as well as external scientific insights. So I want to specifically pick up on the points that you made about BIIB104. We just shared that we will be discontinuing development of BIIB104, which is an amp up potentiator in CIAS, which is cognitive impairment with -- associated with schizophrenia. And that is because we had a readout from TALLY where we saw expected pharmacological exposure, but we did not meet the primary or secondary endpoints. So we believe that we have tested the hypothesis really well here and that it's time to reconsider the data, look at it very carefully, think about other applications, but ensure that we allocate resources to the programs with higher probability of success. So that addresses that question. With BIIB076 that you also mentioned, it's an anti-tau antibody with our partnership with Neurimmune. And we did announce that we are closing down development at Biogen for it. So I would ask that you direct further questions of next steps on BIIB076 to new immune. But from our perspective, we are focusing, for example, on BIIB080, which is our antisense oligonucleotide that affects all post-translational forms of tau. And we will be starting a Phase 2 late-stage, mid-stage trial later this year. So that's how we're thinking about our prioritization. And finally, to address what it does for our bar on Alzheimer's, I'll just say that we look forward to the results of Clarity AD for lecanemab. It is a well-powered, well-designed trial. It has, we believe, the right primary endpoint in CDR Sum of Boxes, and we think that a statistically significant difference versus placebo would be clinically meaningful because of the instrument that's being utilized as a primary endpoint and also all the secondary endpoints. And in addition, we have a whole comprehensive program around lecanemab, which addresses presymptomatic patients as well as we're looking at maintenance along with Eisai and Phase 2 open-label extension and subcutaneous. So I think we will just wait for the data. As we have said, we expect to complete the filing along with Clarity AD, should it be positive by Q1 2023. So I hope that answers the question.
Michel Vounatsos : And if I may add, we are delighted to be progressing with the filing of zuranolone and leca and waiting more data also for ADUHELM. For the earlier pipeline, we have expanded materially our pipeline. It's natural that -- first of all, there is inherent risk with neuroscience, and it's natural that we always try to increase probability of success and select based on trigger point and science inside. And this is what Priya is doing.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Matthew Harrison with Morgan Stanley.
Matthew Harrison : I just wanted to follow up on lecanemab. So I guess the key question that I've been getting a lot is, in the discussions with the FDA around using a single confirmatory study here, do you have explicit feedback from the regulators on the p-value necessary here? Or is that going to be a review issue?
Michel Vounatsos : Priya?
Priya Singhal : Thank you, Matthew. So just to step back, lecanemab has completed -- is in the filing for accelerated approval pathway using the Phase 2 study, which is the 201 study, and we are expecting results for Clarity AD, which is the Phase 3 study. This is a study with 1,795 subjects. It's a global study. We believe it's well powered. There is no interim or futility analysis. It will be just a primary readout sometime in the fall of this year, 2022. And currently, this has an underrepresented population also, quite similar to the CMS population of about 25% included. Now with regards to whether it can be a confirmatory study for traditional approval? Yes. We do believe we have this agreement that should it read out positive, it can be the confirmatory study. So I do believe that, that is exactly what we believe. In addition, I'll just remind us that in the aducanumab briefing document, the FDA had stated that they would accept a statistically significant change on an inherently meaningful instrument such as the CDR Sum of Boxes as evidence of a clinically meaningful effect. So this is really important. And we feel quite confident that CDR Sum of Boxes is the right primary endpoint. It is clinically validated, and it combines both cognition and function and is widely accepted as a registrational endpoint. So we are at that point, we feel quite good about the fact that it's well powered. Of course, we have to wait to see the results. I hope that answers the question.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Colin Bristow with UBS.
Colin Bristow : Congrats on the quarter. So just on the CEO search, could you give us an update on where you are in this process? And if you're able to now provide a time line? And just within that question, given how important lecanemab is to the company and the trajectory, is it reasonable to expect that a new CEO would not be in place until after the outcome of the trial is known?
Michel Vounatsos : Thanks for the question. From my discussion earlier this week with the Board members and our Chairman, I hear that the search is progressing as planned. But at this stage, there is nothing yet to be reported. And obviously, we'll not speculate on lecanemab, but it's a very important event. But at this stage, nothing more to report.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Michael Yee with Jefferies.
Michael Yee : I had a question around -- thoughts around investment into SG&A and how that works for lecanemab, and whether there is a decision point as to your commitment to have to reimburse 50-50 and how that works if the drug actually gets to market? And then secondly, as that relates to zuranolone, same thing. Is that a proposed net investment spend for 2023? How do we think about that?
Michael McDonnell : Yes. So both of those arrangements are 50-50. So you would expect that we certainly will be building infrastructure to support, hopefully, the successful launch of both of those products, and we share costs in both cases, 50-50. So we're very focused on managing our OpEx. Currently, the 2022 guidance implies a midpoint of about $4.6 billion versus $5.2 billion last year, progressing well on the cost measures that we've committed to. And then, of course, the commercial infrastructure around those two products are key items that we're working very closely with both Sage and Eisai on, particularly as it relates to planning for 2023 and beyond.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Umer Raffat with Evercore.
Umer Raffat : How do you intend to approach the lecanemab Phase 3 data set if the primary endpoint does not work, but a secondary like ADCOMS or ADAS-Cog or perhaps a subgroup like APOE 4 carriers is active? And how would that impact your FDA submission?
Priya Singhal : Thank you, Umer. So maybe I can step back to say that we -- obviously, there are several scenarios of the data readout. And I think at one end, we have potentially a positive primary endpoint outcome with secondary endpoints as well. And we believe that the totality of the data will be really important. And as I said already, we do have -- we have discussed this, and we have agreement with the FDA that a positive readout could serve for a confirmatory study. And on the other end of the spectrum, it's possible that the study is negative. And in that scenario, we would be looking at also the other readouts because there are two -- these are, obviously, Biogen Eisai readout, but I will also draw attention to that that we have two other anti-amyloid agents readout in the near term. One is gantenerumab and the other is donanemab, as everyone knows. So really, this is a bigger question about these readouts and what they mean for the anti-amyloid hypothesis in Alzheimer's -- early Alzheimer's disease. There could be several mixed scenarios, some like you mentioned, and I think it will be very difficult to speculate exactly how that might be perceived. So I would say that the mix scenario, there could be several permutation combinations, but I think that the totality of the data is going to be important. So at this point, it would be tough for me to speculate on what mix scenario and what outcome it could lead to. But we are considering all of this. And I think currently, our focus is on ensuring that we collect the data, close the study, have a very clear readout and then we will be engaging, of course, with the FDA because this product also has breakthrough and fast track designation, which allows us to consult the FDA for the guidance. So we will be in close contact, and that's what I can tell you. Thank you.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Marc Goodman with SVB Securities.
Marc Goodman : You keep referring to the growth opportunity in emerging markets. Can you just help us size how big is the business? How has it been growing? What are the key products that are growing there? What are some products that have yet to launch there that's in the pipeline that can we look forward to growth there? Just give us a sense of where this business is going to be in 3, 4 years?
Michel Vounatsos : So before Mike gives -- provides more color, the important element is that the epidemiology is pretty similar in this in the West, in emerging mature markets. So our portfolio is very relevant to this part of the world. The second point is that we see a very strongly emerging middle class that is able to afford, able to co-pay and is willing to access best education and health care. And the experience we have so far, with our expanded footprint since a few years in Latin America, in Asia Pac, in the Middle East, is that we see a very good uptake of our MS portfolio even if we thought at the outset that in Asia Pac, it was a bit lower incident. But based on the number of the population, these are very feasible opportunities. We see a very good uptake and also for SPINRAZA. So a good opportunity. We have a professional team. Compliance is very important everywhere, but also in this part of the world. So we secure that we have a very good balance between where Biogen is directly and where Biogen is partnered, but we have a very good performance to date with a strong double-digit momentum. Mike?
Michael McDonnell : Yes, not a lot to add, Marc. I would say that we're pleased with a couple of markets that I would call out, one being China, the other being Brazil. In particular, China, we're seeing excellent uptake on SPINRAZA is not a huge revenue contributor due to pricing dynamics there. But I think, overall, the majority of our international growth has been around SMA. But as Michael said, there's opportunity MS as well. And that's something that's gone from a very small revenue base to a respectable number as we sit here in 2022 and growing in the years beyond. So we're hopeful that we can continue to grow it meaningfully for the next several years.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Salveen Richter with Goldman Sachs.
Salveen Richter : Could you provide us any updates on how you're thinking about pricing and branding of zuranolone and thoughts here on how a potential Schedule IV could impact utilization?
Michel Vounatsos : So first, we are very encouraged by the data. I'm delighted to see the second study in postpartum, fourth study in major depressive disorders. We had opportunities to meet many constituency and this disease is affecting so many people. So it's so relevant. If I'm not mistaken, in the U.S., more than 19 million, as Priya said, an incident for PPD close to 0.5 million every year. So extremely relevant. We are making a lot of progress on the positioning and understanding the patient journey and the different segments of the market between the naive and the failure to treatment the way we know in this massive market due to side effects or lack of efficacy. I hope that in the near future, we'll be -- we'll have an opportunity together with Sage to have a dedicated session with you to update you on where we stand, and we'll come back to that as soon as we can. Concerning the price, we are not yet there. We are making some -- our homework, but nothing to add yet at this stage.
Priya Singhal : I can address the scheduling question. Thank you, Salveen. So I just wanted to say that if you step back, the DEA process is quite robust, and they will -- this typically takes about 3 months at the end of the approval process, and they will designate a schedule. Now Sage has already completed their human abuse liability potential study, as I mentioned in my opening comments. And there could potentially be 5 schedules that you could get. At present, what we do know is the data that we have, and we also have the background of ZULRESSO, which is a Schedule IV drug. So at this point, we do believe that it is possible for zuranolone to get a Schedule IV. And Schedule IV is typically -- what it means is low potential for abuse and low risk for dependence. The other drugs in this category are Ativan, XANAX, Darvocet and others. And we believe that this is currently the expected scheduling. Of course, we have to wait to go through the process to see what the outcome will be, but that's what we expect at the moment with the data we have. I hope that addresses it.
Operator: We'll take our next from Robyn Karnauskas with Truist Securities.
Robyn Karnauskas : Sorry, I'm losing my voice. So I know you've talked a lot about staying within the current pillars of neurology and maybe also immunology. I was just wondering, if you think about derisking the portfolio and maybe going outside those pillars, what are your current thoughts about that now given you've had 3 months to think about it? And then I guess the question that goes along with that, would you make that decision after you hire the final Head of R&D and CEO?
Priya Singhal : I can get started. Thank you for the question. So just stepping back, we have -- at Biogen, we've got a vision towards a multi-franchise portfolio. And R&D, our pipeline, I believe, is quite strong and diversified and robust. We have programs in the clinic, many more in our discovery and exploratory portfolio, where we look at the diseases that we want to be leaders in and we think about the targets and biological pathways that we may want to address with our platform actually of multiple modalities. So that's the other strength we have. We could be agnostic to modality because we have access to biologics, small molecules, antisense oligonucleotides as well as gene therapy. So that's sort of at a high level. That's how we think about our R&D portfolio. Now within that, you spoke about neuroscience. This is an absolute core strength that we have. It's a very hard space I would acknowledge. I think we would all acknowledge it, but we've had a lot of success in this space both with multiple sclerosis as well as with spinal muscular atrophy. And potentially, we could have success with Alzheimer's. And certainly, we have zuranolone in depression. So we are thinking about this as neuroscience potentially increasing our focus in neuropsychiatry where we've got now a product that is in filing for both MDD and PPD with a large high unmet need, and we are looking at other potential indications for the GABAA pathway that zuranolone addresses. So zuranolone could really be much more than just MDD and PPD, and we're looking at that as well in our portfolio prioritization. Shifting over to specialized immunology, we have three Phase 3 trials, and this is really important with two products. So we have our home grown BIIB059, which where we understand the biology and the pathway really well. We think it could be first-in-class, best-in-class for CLE cutaneous lupus erythematosus, but also for SLE. And then we have Dapi with our collaboration with UCB, also in Phase 3. So this is a comprehensive sort of portfolio just in SLE and CLE. There, again, we are thinking about where else do we understand the Type 1 Interferon signature, where else could we have potential indications with BIIB059, for example, in other specialized immunology indications? That's our core focus currently. And then finally, I'll say that within neuroscience, we think we can be leaders in Alzheimer's, depression and retain our leadership in MS and SPINRAZA. SMA, we have already discussed externally are opted for BIIB115, which is a follow-on ASO with potentially a once-a-year dosing. So that could really be very, very important. We are accelerating that as much as we can. And we have MS, where we continue to think of BTK inhibitors. So we have a peripheral BTK inhibitor. We also have a central BTK inhibitor, and we will continue to look at the emerging data and make decisions. Beyond this core R&D portfolio, as Michel mentioned, we also have our biosimilars and our digital therapeutics. We've just made a foray with MedRhythms. And I think that this altogether is a very diversified portfolio. The area that we've increased a lot of focus is as soon as we have -- for example, we had the BIIB104 readout, we're now thinking of what else we would do with that [glutamergic] pathway and the data that we will gather from there. Similarly, with BIIB059 and zuranolone, as I mentioned, how would we allocate resources to that? What would we prioritize? So we are doing this in a very systematic fashion, and it's a call out to the R&D and the entire one Biogen team to really be doing this very well. I hope that gives you a flavor of how we are approaching it.
Michel Vounatsos : Thank you, Priya. And to bring that together, what is very important for us to set the strategic direction is to clearly understand the key capabilities that we have within the company throughout the value chain, from the early research, clinical development throughout to commercialization and customer engagement. And as Priya said, today, we believe that we are pretty well diversified compared where we were 6 years ago in neuroscience, in specialized immuno, in biosimilars and emerging digital therapeutics capability. We have now 29 programs and 10 in Phase 3 of file products. The question is how do we derisk in addition? And this is what Priya started to work on. Obviously, a new CEO and a permanent Head of R&D will have an opportunity to revisit the strategy together with the Board.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Cory Kasimov with JPMorgan.
Cory Kasimov : Going back to Alzheimer's for a minute. So in the face of the recent NCD and with the CLARITY study, obviously, pending, how do you think about the relative importance of the January PDUFA for lecanemab for accelerated approval that's based primarily on Phase 2 data? And has the FDA given any indication if they convene an ADCOM for this initial application?
Priya Singhal : Thank you, Cory. So first -- firstly, I think that just to step back, we have filed according to the accelerated approval pathway with the Phase 2 data, as you mentioned, Cory, and the PDUFA date for that is January 6, 2023. Now Clarity AD will readout in the fall of this year. And should it be positive it will be -- the filing for traditional approval will be completed by what Eisai has communicated by the end of the first quarter of 2023. In addition, I think that the totality of the information and the data will matter for the outcome. At the moment, we have -- we do not have an indication that there will be an advisory committee at this moment. We do not have that indication. So that's what I can tell you on -- about that. I hope I addressed all the aspects of your question.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Jay Olson with Oppenheimer.
Jay Olson : Can you talk about why BIIB104 did not meet the primary or secondary endpoints in the Phase 2 TALLY trial? And would you consider BIIB104 for a study in other indications?
Priya Singhal : Thank you, Jay. Great question. So yes, we are very disappointed with the negative readout for BIIB104. And just to step back, the hypothesis that we were testing was that AMPA potentiation can impact NMDA hypofunction -- NMDA receptor hypofunction and thereby, increase synaptic connectivity and increase the working memory domain -- impact the working memory domain positively in cognitive impairment that's associated with schizophrenia. So that was the hypothesis. And we were looking forward to the results. Of course, it has not met primary or secondary endpoints. Now in neuropsychiatry trials, sometimes you don't have the right adherence and compliance during the trial. So we have looked very carefully at the PK exposures and such. And this was a 12-week readout. So we have looked at that, and we have quite -- we feel quite confident that this was a very high -- highly compliant trial where we have expected exposures for BIIB104 through the -- throughout the 12-week duration. So we believe that we have tested the hypothesis of AMPA potentiation leading to NMDA potentiation as well. Having said that, we think that this was an extremely well-run trial, and we have collected a very rich data set that can give us leads on how we might want to pursue the [glutamergic] pathway in other neuropsychiatry indications. So yes, that is something that we are looking at very carefully, and we will be evaluating this very carefully. We did have early Phase I trials, but that data was, unfortunately, not replicated. Now these are very small trials. One was in healthy volunteers and the other 1 was in schizophrenia patients, but there was shorter duration and the subject numbers were 39 and 29, respectively. So very small trials. So yes, to your question, neuropsychiatry remains an area of high focus. We believe we've increased our capabilities and focus in this area, and we'll continue to look at this very high-quality data set, and we'll also be presenting it at upcoming medical meetings.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Phil Nadeau with Cowen.
Philip Nadeau : A follow up to Cory's question but directed specifically at Mike. Mike, how does Biogen feel about putting resources behind lecanemab launch? What would be the timing of an infrastructure build and true launch of the product? Would it be after accelerated approval, after full approval or it does seem like now there's another step within NCD likely to come at some point. So when would Biogen feel comfortable in really investing in the commercial infrastructure for this program?
Michel Vounatsos : So before Mike jumps in, I would like to say that we work in full and close collaboration with our partners at Eisai that we are approaching a global launch, not suddenly a U.S. launch, and we anticipate the filing in Japan and EMA to take place during the first half of 2023. So this will be a global launch. And obviously, as we know, there is a sequential process here between an accelerated approval and a potentially full approval after that. Mike?
Michael McDonnell : Yes. I think Michel covered a lot of it in terms of the question, Phil, but I would just say that as a reminder, that we and Eisai expect the Phase III readout for lecanemab in the fall of 2022. The PDUFA date is in early January of '23. As you know -- as currently written, the national coverage determination does significantly limit the market opportunity for antibodies with accelerated approval. And so as Michel said, we will closely align with Eisai to resource appropriately. We'll take learnings from ADUHELM as necessary and as where we can, and we'll resource it at each phase of its commercialization very gradually as lecanemab is launched. I'd say that, obviously, we did make the decision to take down the ADUHELM commercial infrastructure because we felt the time gap was too large to the timing of when we would need it for lecanemab. And I think that, that was the right decision. We feel like we can rebuild the infrastructure in a more gradual fashion and fairly quickly when we're ready. And again, that's something that we'll partner very closely with Eisai on.
Michel Vounatsos : I think that it will very much be dependent on the quality of the data. If the data clarifies and confirms without any ambiguity that removing the plaque is correlated with the slowing down of a cognitive decline and reinforces the hypothesis, I think arrows with a line faster than what we believe.
Michael McDonnell : Yes. And the other thing to remember here, this is purely from an accounting standpoint, and it ties back a little bit to the question that Mike Yee asked earlier. Just as a reminder, all of the revenue costs, everything will be aggregated and our 50% share will be reflected as a one-line revenue item for lecanemab.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Geoff Meacham with Bank of America.
Geoff Meacham : Just want to follow up on some previous questions on lecanemab. You guys have talked about the U.S. opportunity already, but how much of a discussion have you had with EU or Japanese regulators just on the risk/benefit bar? I wasn't sure if your prior discussions from ADU were able to give you some insight there.
Priya Singhal : Thank you, Geoff. So Eisai has communicated that they will be completing the filing in both Europe as well as in Japan by the end of Q1 2023, very similar to the U.S. time line. This is, of course, post Clarity AD readout should be positive. And in line with that communication, all the communications with regulators around the world, they are in line -- they have been in consultation. In Japan, Eisai actually has communicated and we have communicated previously that they have been part of its prior consultation process. Now the prior consultation process in Japan has the ability to really expedite the review process, should the data be positive. So that's also taking place. So all the -- everything is on track to complete the submission. Benefit risk will always drive the discussions, and we believe that the trial is set up well-powered and well designed to give us an answer on a clinically validated instrument. So we believe that it is set up well. We, of course -- the rest will depend on the data.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Evan Seigerman with Bank of Montreal.
Evan Seigerman: Just looking ahead to the Clarity AD trial, what do you think CMS needs to see from that trial to potentially revise the NCD? I know there's a lot of discussion on the call. But I'm wondering, is that sufficient to essentially open up access in the Medicare population.
Priya Singhal : Thank you, Evan. So I think that before we kind of -- before I answer that directly, it would be important for us to kind of reiterate that the final NCD indicated that antibodies with full approval may be covered in CMS approved prospective comparative studies and -- but that this data could be collected in a registry. Now what is left open to interpretation here is there next point that they made, which is that the degree of rigor in these study designs may depend on good part on the strength of evidence of the initial randomized controlled trial that led to FDA approval. This aspect, we feel quite good about because we think that the trial is well designed and well set up and well powered to give us a readout. So we believe that if the trial reads out positive, that is the Clarity AD that there would be a chance that it would meet the high level of evidence bar that NCD has put forward from -- that CMS has put forward in the NCD and that they could potentially reconsider for full coverage. The other aspect to consider here is that there are two other readouts coming in the same sort of time frame, which could also influence how CMS looks at their guidance and what they designate as a high level of evidence. So it's not clear to us at this point, but it will depend on each molecule, Phase 3 data is my personal interpretation on this. Now as Eisai has announced, Clarity has a robust design, and they believe that it could meet the high level of evidence set forth by CMS in the NCD memo. So we do think that it could be reconsidered. And I think the high level of evidence would have to include safety, efficacy under represented population that mirrors the CMS population. In addition, I would say that the population in the Clarity AD also has comorbidities and concomitant medications not very dissimilar from the CMS population. So I think these things set us up well and they bode well. I think final outcome will depend on the data.
Michel Vounatsos : And to add to what Priya has said, beyond the solid design, there is an open-label extension that will add some information. There is also a preclinical trial ongoing for the earlier population and life cycle management opportunities with new subcutaneous formulation also underway.
Michael Hencke : And that will conclude our call today. Thank you, everyone, for joining us.
Operator: That will conclude today's call. We appreciate your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2022 Q1  (2022-05-03 08:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning. My name is Cecilia and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Biogen First Quarter 2022 Earnings Call and Business Update. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise [Operator Instructions]. Thank you.  I would now like to turn the conference over to Mr. Mike Hencke, Head of Investor Relations. Mr. Hencke, you may begin your conference.
Michael Hencke: Thank you. Good morning, and welcome to Biogen's First Quarter 2022 Earnings Call. Before we begin, I encourage everyone to go to the Investors section of biogen.com to find the earnings release and related financial tables, including our GAAP financial measures and a reconciliation of the GAAP to non-GAAP financial measures that we will discuss today. Our GAAP financials are provided in Tables 1 and 2 and Table 4 includes a reconciliation of our GAAP to non-GAAP financial results. We believe non-GAAP financial results better represent the ongoing economics of our business and reflects how we manage the business internally. We have also posted slides on our website that follow the discussions related to this call. I would like to point out that we will be making forward-looking statements, which are based on our current expectations and beliefs. These statements are subject to certain risks and uncertainties and our actual results may differ materially. I encourage you to consult the risk factors discussed in our SEC filings for additional detail. On today's call, I am joined by our Chief Executive Officer, Michel Vounatsos; Dr. Priya Singhal, Interim Head of Research and Development; and our CFO, Mike McDonnell. As a reminder, during the Q&A portion of the call, we kindly ask that you limit yourself to one question.  I will now turn the call over to Michel.
Michel Vounatsos: Thank you, Mike. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us. We continue to execute on our core business objectives in the first quarter. Mike and Priya will review our quarterly performance and recent progress in R&D, while I focus on our strategy and near-term operational priorities. Let me start with a few comments on the recent national coverage determination by CMS for amyloid beta targeted therapies for Alzheimer's disease. This decision effectively denies all Medicare beneficiaries access to ADUHELM. We are very disappointed by the final NCD. And as a result, we will substantially eliminate our commercial infrastructure for ADUHELM. We will retain minimal resources to manage patients access programs, including a continued free drug program for patients currently on treatment in the U.S. We expect to continue funding certain regulatory and R&D activities for ADUHELM, including the continuation of our EMBARK redosing study and the initiation of our Phase IV post-marketing requirement study ENVISION. Additional actions regarding ADUHELM may be informed by upcoming data readouts expected for this class of antibodies as well as further engagement with the FDA and CMS. In parallel, we are committed to working closely with Eisai on the potential launch of lecanemab. We are now looking forward as we work to advance our broader pipeline, including lecanemab and zuranolone, execute on our base business and deploy our capital in the best interest of shareholders. We recognize that Biogen is facing a number of near-term challenges. These challenges, including generic erosion of TECFIDERA, competition for SPINRAZA in biosimilars and DTNF [ph] and a declining profit share from RITUXAN in the U.S. These challenges are all part of the biopharmaceutical business life cycle, and we believe that potential new product launches such as lecanemab, zuranolone and additional biosimilars can help return the company to grow over time. Further, we see the potential for additional growth driver in the mid-to-late 2020s in other areas such as stroke, lupus and Parkinson's disease and, of course, we will be pursuing new business development opportunities as well. However, given that we are in a long product cycle business and in light of the CMS decision, we recognize there is more we must do today to provide better clarity and visibility into the company's future. Let me share the priority actions we are implementing now. First, we are increasing our focus on R&D prioritization with the goal of maximizing the probability of success, which Priya will further discuss. This prioritization process will be informed in part by key data readouts expected in 2022. In Alzheimer's disease, together with Eisai, we plan to complete the rolling submission for lecanemab under the Accelerated Approval Pathway in the U.S. during the second quarter of this year. In addition, we expect a readout of the Phase III CLARITY AD, complementary trial for lecanemab this fall.  Based on the results of this study, we plan to submit for full FDA approval by the first quarter of 2023 with the opportunity for lecanemab to become the first anti-amyloid antibody to obtain full approval for Alzheimer's disease in the U.S. In neuropsychiatry, we are working with Sage to advance zuranolone as an important new potential option for MDD and PPD. We recently initiated the rolling submission of the zuranolone in MDD and expect to complete the filing in the second half of 2022. We also look forward to the Phase III SKYLARK study readout in PPD, expected mid this year with an associated filing for PPD anticipated early next year. Also in neuropsychiatry, we expect the Phase II readout for BIIB104 in cognitive impairment associated with schizophrenia in mid-2022. Second, we will implement additional cost reduction and productivity measures above and beyond our previously communicated initiatives to further align our costs with our revenue base. These measures will include the substantial elimination of our commercial infrastructure supporting ADUHELM as well as other cost reduction while we continue to fund promising pipeline and commercial opportunities. Third, we are executing on international growth opportunities with a focus on key emerging markets, such as China and certain markets in both Latin America and the Middle East. This includes the continued launch of SPINRAZA and may also include pursuing local business development opportunities. Both -- we plan to drive renewed growth in our biosimilars business, although our portfolio of NTMS products slightly past the peak of its life cycle. We currently have four more programs in development, and in the near term, we are preparing to launch Bioepis, referencing LUCENTIS in the U.S. in the coming half. Our fifth near-term priority is capital allocation. Biogen is fortunate to have a strong balance sheet with $4.8 billion in cash as of the end of the quarter and modest net debt, as well as strong cash flow generation. Going forward, we plan to continue to focus the deployment of cash towards initiatives designed to create incremental revenue growth opportunities while continuing to return cash to shareholders through share repurchases. In summary, the challenges faced by the company over the last -- the past 12 months have been significant. We are committed to taking advantage of all the strengths we have, including our talent, our commercial portfolio, our manufacturing capabilities, our pipeline, which includes 10 programs in Phase III filed and, of course, our strong balance sheet to deliver on the performance that is expected from us. Let me conclude by saying that it has been an honor to lead this outstanding company during such a challenging period of time and to work closely with so many dedicated and talented colleagues. I am very proud of all that we have achieved. I want to thank the Board of Directors and my colleagues for their support during this period. I will be leaving at a time of promise for Biogen with noteworthy potential for value creation, and I look forward working with my successor through a smooth transition. I will now turn the call over to Priya for an update on our recent progress in R&D.
Priya Singhal: Thank you, Michel, and good morning, everyone. As Michel mentioned, we are enhancing our focus on dynamic R&D prioritization with the goal of ensuring a sustainable pipeline that can deliver on Biogen's vision of a multi-franchise portfolio. We will continue to invest in R&D in a disciplined manner, including pursuing new and external opportunities with a potentially different risk/reward profile encompassing those within our core neuroscience therapeutic areas as well as select investments in therapeutic adjacencies. This approach will be informed by emerging scientific data, as well as internal and external readouts. As part of our overall prioritization strategy, we may choose to accelerate, terminate, divest or partner certain programs. In addition, we will continue to advance key capabilities such as functional genomics, patient identification, novel modalities, biomarkers and clinical outcome measures. The goal being to reduce risk, accelerate clinical development and increase the probability of success in achieving positive proof of concept. I will now share the R&D highlights of the quarter. Starting with Alzheimer's disease. In addition to continuing the progress with lecanemab U.S. filing and the Phase 3 study, Eisai presented data at the annual ADPD meeting this past March showing that lecanemab treatment in the core Phase 2b study resulted in a dose and time-dependent reduction of brain amyloid as measured by PET SUVR and that the reduction of brain amyloid was co-related with changes in two important peripheral biomarkers of amyloid and tau pathology, specifically an increase in plasma ABN42 to 40 ratio and a decrease in plasma phospho-tau 181, respectively. Furthermore, these biomarker changes were correlated with clinical benefit as assessed by the change from baseline in the clinical dementia rating scale, Sum of Boxes. Notably, however, these peripheral biomarkers gradually began to reverse upon discontinuation of lecanemab treatment at the end of the core study, suggesting that stopping dosing prematurely may allow re-accumulation of Alzheimer's disease pathology. Eisai also presented additional information on ARIA from the lecanemab Phase IIb study. This included the incidence of ARIA-E [ph] in the open-label extension where ARIA-E was observed in less than 10% of participants receiving 10-milligram per kg lecanemab biweekly and a symptomatic ARIA rate of less than 2%, consistent with the core study. We look forward to further defining the safety and efficacy of lecanemab through the larger Phase 3 CLARITY AD study. Biogen and Eisai are currently evaluating subcutaneous dosing in a sub-study of the CLARITY AD open-label extension, which will evaluate subcutaneous injections compared to IV infusions. This is in addition to the ongoing AHEAD 345 study evaluating lecanemab in people with preclinical Alzheimer's disease or prior to cognitive impairment, which was initiated back in 2020. Beyond lecanemab, Biogen continues to pursue new treatments across molecular targets in Alzheimer's disease. This includes actively planning for the Phase II study of BIIB080, our tau ASO, and initiation of dosing in the Phase I study of BIIB113. BIIB113 is a small molecule inhibitor of O-GlcNAcase or OGA, an enzyme believed to catalyze the removal of O-GlcNAc post-translational modification of the tau protein. By inhibiting OGA, we aim to increase the oglicmulation of tau to potentially inhibit tau aggregation and thereby slow clinical decline. As Michel mentioned, with aducanumab, we are also continuing to collect data in our EMBARK redosing study and working towards the initiation of ADUHELM Phase IV post-marketing requirement study ENVISION. Moving to neuropsychiatry. Biogen and Sage recently announced that we initiated the rolling submission of a new drug application to the FDA for zuranolone in MDD. We expect to complete the filing in the second half of this year. We were also excited to announce that the zuranolone Phase III CORAL study in major depressive disorder met the primary endpoint and key secondary endpoint. The CORAL study was a randomized blinded trial designed to assess rapidity of response when zuranolone 50 milligrams is co-initiated with an open-label standard of care antidepressant or ADT versus placebo who initiated with ADT, as measured by the change from baseline on the 17-item Hamilton Depression Rating Scale. Top line results showed that zuranolone co-initiated with ADT resulted in a statistically significant reduction in depressive symptoms at day 3, the primary endpoint and the earliest time point measured, as well as over the full 2-week treatment period as compared to placebo co-initiated with ADT. Zuranolone was generally well tolerated with most treatment-emergent adverse events reported as mild to moderate.  In MDD, zuranalone has now delivered four positive randomized controlled trials in total, as well as important insights on repeat treatment from the SHORELINE study, a large prospective naturalistic study in MDD. While these trials were designed to address different questions, we see a consistent profile of zuranolone that includes rapid reduction in depressive symptoms compared to the standard of care antidepressants, a consistent tolerability profile with a low discontinuation rate due to adverse events and without observed weight gain, sexual dysfunction or suicidal ideation; a short course of treatment that can be potentially taken as needed; and a flexible treatment approach that may provide optionality to HCPs and patients. This is in addition to positive data from the Phase III ROBIN study of zuranolone in postpartum depression. We look forward to the Phase III SKYLARK study readout in PPD expected by midyear with an associated filing for PPD anticipated early next year. We look forward to potentially bringing a rapid onset, well-tolerated oral antidepressant with sustained effects and a new mechanism of action to patients suffering from depression. Moving to ALS. We previously reported that while the Phase III VALOR study for tofersen in SOD1 ALS, a rare genetic form of ALS, did not achieve the primary endpoint of a statistically significant change on the ALSFRS-R at week 28 versus placebo. We did observe signs of reduced disease progression across multiple secondary and exploratory endpoints. We plan to present integrated data from the Phase III VALOR study and a new interim analysis of its ongoing open-label extension at the upcoming ENCALS meeting in June. This interim analysis includes data from participants with SOD1-ALS who had the opportunity for at least one year of follow-up from the start of VALOR. Long-term data on measures of function, strength, quality of life and survival will be presented. We also continue to recruit for ATLAS, a study evaluating tofersen in presymptomatic participants with a confirmed SOD1 mutation, while also supporting the global Toferson Expanded Access Program, which includes approximately 120 people with SOD1-ALS to date from more than a dozen countries. We also remain engaged with regulators on potential next steps for tofersen. As you can see, 2022 is an important year for Biogen R&D with several important milestones expected as we continue to advance a diversified pipeline that contains a total of 32 clinical programs with 10 programs in either Phase III or being filed. These milestones include key regulatory filings, mid- to late-stage readouts in both Alzheimer's disease and neuropsychiatry, initiation of late-stage studies in Parkinson's disease, and starting a pivotal study in cutaneous lupus erythematosus, in addition to ongoing recruitment for 2 Phase III lupus programs in SLE, as well as planning next steps for the BIB131 stroke program. In summary, we are taking actions that we believe will enable delivery of a number of potential first-in-class and best-in-class molecules to patients suffering from diseases with significant unmet need.  I will now pass the call over to Mike.
Mike McDonnell: Thank you, Priya, and good morning, everyone. I will provide some key highlights around the financial performance for the quarter and review our full year 2022 guidance. Please note that all financial comparisons are versus the prior year, unless otherwise noted.  Total revenue for the first quarter was $2.5 billion. Our MS business inclusive of OCREVUS royalties delivered $1.6 billion in revenue. TECFIDERA continues to be impacted by generic entry in the U.S. and was negatively impacted by pricing pressure outside of the U.S. VUMERITY first quarter global revenue was $128 million. We are pleased with VUMERITY's trajectory in the U.S. and are making good progress towards launching in up to 20 markets outside the U.S. this year. TYSABRI global revenue increased 3%. In the U.S., TYSABRI revenue benefited from favorable pricing that more than offset modest volume declines. Outside the U.S., we were pleased to see continued patient growth. Interferon global revenue declined by 23% due to the continued shift from the injectable platforms to oral or high efficacy therapies. Moving now to SMA. SPINRAZA global revenue declined 9%. In the U.S., although revenue growth of 10% was driven by positive channel dynamics, we were encouraged to see new patient starts at the highest levels in over 2 years and a continued slowdown of discontinuations versus the prior quarter. Outside the U.S., the revenue decline was driven primarily by the timing of shipments in certain markets, competition and negative currency impacts, partially offset by strong initial uptake in China as this was the first full quarter since receiving national reimbursement in China. Global SPINRAZA revenue grew 7% versus Q4 of 2021, driven by solid sequential performance outside the U.S. as well as some seasonality dynamics in the U.S. Moving to our biosimilars business, revenue declined 5%. While volume increased, this was more than offset by pricing pressure and negative currency impacts. In April, we completed the transaction to sell our equity stake in our biosimilar joint venture. As a reminder, the economics for anti-TNF and ophthalmology programs will be substantially unchanged. In addition, we are preparing to launch Bioepis the U.S. in the coming months. We expect a gradual launch with more meaningful revenue contribution starting in 2023. Overall, we expect full year biosimilars revenue to decrease versus the prior year due to pricing pressure in Europe. Total anti-CD20 revenue grew 3% with increased OCREVUS royalties being partially offset by a continued decline in RITUXAN revenues due to biosimilar competition. First quarter gross margin was negatively impacted by a $275 million charge for ADUHELM inventory write-offs, as well as approximately $45 million of idle capacity charges. Note that Eisai's share of these charges is reflected in the collaboration profit sharing line. Moving now to expenses and the balance sheet. Q1 non-GAAP R&D expense was $552 million. Non-GAAP SG&A was $635 million, including approximately $80 million related to ADUHELM. Eisai's share of these costs are also reflected in the collaboration profit sharing line. First quarter collaboration profit sharing reduced our net operating expense by $117 million, which includes reimbursement of approximately $182 million from Eisai, partially offset by $64 million of net profit sharing expense related to our collaboration with Samsung Bioepis. In the first quarter, we generated approximately $162 million in cash flow from operations, which was negatively impacted by the timing of certain payments. Capital expenditures were $58 million and free cash flow was approximately $104 million. We ended the quarter with $7.3 billion in debt, $4.8 billion in cash and marketable securities, and $2.5 billion in net debt. We subsequently also received approximately $1 billion from the sale of our JV equity to Samsung Biologics. Additionally, our $1 billion revolving credit facility was undrawn as of the end of the quarter. Overall, we remain in a very strong financial position with significant cash and financial capacity to invest in growing the business over the long term.  Let me now turn to our updated full year guidance for 2022. We are reaffirming our full year revenue guidance of $9.7 billion to $10 billion. This revenue guidance reflects the strengthening of the U.S. dollar from January 1 through April 29, resulting in an estimated currency headwind of approximately $120 million, net of hedging activities. We are also reaffirming our full year non-GAAP diluted EPS guidance of $14.25 to $16, despite the $0.76 impact of ADUHELM inventory write-off as well an impact of approximately $0.35 related to the strengthening of the dollar that I just mentioned.  Although our prior guidance did not assume either the inventory write-offs or the currency headwinds, we believe the additional cost measures announced today as well as better performance in our base business can largely offset these impacts. This financial guidance assumes continued declines in RITUXAN revenue due to biosimilar competition as well as continued erosion of TECFIDERA revenue in the U.S. due to generic entry. This guidance also continues to assume the potential entry of TECFIDERA generics in the EU in the second quarter of 2022. We expect to decrease revenue from these high-margin products as well as the ADUHELM inventory charges to reduce our gross margin percentage when compared with 2021. This guidance reflects the initial implementation of the additional cost reduction and productivity measures, which Michel discussed. These additional measures are expected to yield approximately $500 million in annualized savings in addition to the previously communicated initiatives already targeting approximately $500 million in annualized savings. This brings total expected annualized savings to approximately $1 billion, a portion of which will be reinvested in strategic initiatives over the coming years. We expect non-GAAP R&D expense to be between $2.2 billion and $2.3 billion, which is unchanged from our previous guidance. Non-GAAP SG&A expense is expected to be between $2.3 billion and $2.4 billion, which is a decrease from prior guidance of $2.5 billion to $2.6 billion, which is due to the additional cost reduction measures just mentioned, which we expect to primarily impact the third and fourth quarters. This guidance assumes that foreign exchange rates as of April 29 will remain in effect for the remainder of the year, net of hedging activities and does not contemplate any further strengthening or weakening of the dollar throughout the year. We assume that we will utilize a portion of the remaining share repurchase authorization of $2.8 billion throughout the year. Please see our press release for other important guidance assumptions. So in summary, we continue to execute on our core business objectives this quarter and are now focused on a set of near-term operational priorities, which we believe can drive value creation over time.  We'll now open the call for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Matthew Harrison from Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead. 
Matthew Harrison: Great. Good morning, thanks for taking the question. Michel, I was hoping you could comment on the CEO transition here in terms of timing as well as what the Board is looking for in terms of the successor, and wishing you all the best in the transition. Thank you.
Michel Vounatsos: Thank you, Matthew. 5.5 years is a good term and if you look at my professional history, this was approximately the tenure in every key posting that I've had. I've given a lot, and I will continue to do so as a priority during the transition to support the team so that we can continue to deliver. Today, we reaffirmed our guidance. The business momentum is going as well as it could despite the competition and the life cycle events that we are facing. We are exciting about -- excited about the readouts to come. And the ADU and the anti-amyloid story is still unfolding. So the story will continue. And I'm very excited about the opportunity to have new readouts in that space that will best inform everything we've heard, including decisions. So the CEO transition is a natural event. And is there always an ideal timing? I'm not sure. But I think that after 5.5 years, while we have a strategy that is pretty visible to all of you being a specialized company in neuroscience with some immuno assets that are very important and in Phase III with the biosimilars and the digital health, I think the company is well positioned. It's good to have at one stage somebody else who comes with the support of the Board and basically revisit the assumptions. So I think that this will be good for everyone involved. And my focus again will be on the company. It's not about me. It's about the company, on the team and on a smooth transition. Business continues. I will be meeting all of you in the coming days in person in Boston and New York. I will be traveling with my team in Asia at the end of the week to meet our key partners and potential future partners and support our team and meet with PMDA also. So the business continues, and I will be at the top of it until the last second.
Operator: We will now take our next question from Umer Raffat from Evercore.
Umer Raffat: Hi guys. Thanks so much for taking my question. I guess I'll focus on cost for a second. And I guess I'm just trying to get at what is the actual cost savings? I'm partially confused because SG&A guidance was cut, but -- sorry, SG&A was cut, but the overall guidance was unchanged. Or maybe just a simple way to think about it is where are we truly headed on OpEx over the next coming medium term? Because I just think back to when I first started covering Biogen, you were a leader in MS, you had over $4 billion in marketed MS revenues, but the SG&A was only $1 billion.  Now the market MS revenue is $5 billion, meaning a little higher. But the SG&A is $2.5 billion. And of course, you have some biosimilars and SPINRAZA. And I'm not necessarily saying 2.5 goes down to $1 billion, but can we see a substantial SG&A rebasing of the business? Thank you very much.
Mike McDonnell: Yes, Umer, it's Mike. Thank you for the question. So the cost savings that we mentioned today, the additional $500 million run rate that will be largely tied to the ADUHELM infrastructure. And we talked about that on our last call that we had initially expected about a $400 million number in 2022. And so obviously, that will be cut substantially. So in the SG&A guide where we took that down by about $200 million, that largely is a significant piece of it. Beyond that, we will obviously look at some of the non-revenue facing pieces in G&A and others in order to achieve that run rate. And as we've said in our prepared remarks, we may invest certain portions of that $500 million in savings into the -- into future growth initiatives with the overall priority being to return to growth. I will say in closing that as it relates to guidance, we were able to reaffirm our guidance, notwithstanding the inventory write-offs and the currency headwinds that we were facing. And that was really a result of two things.  One is the cost initiatives, and then the second was that the top line has performed a little bit better than what we had originally expected at the beginning of the year. And I would point to SPINRAZA MS as well as the CD20s being a little bit stronger than expected, and that impact between the cost savings and the revenue. It's about half and half that contribute to our ability to hold the EPS in the same place. So we'll continue to take necessary cost measures to align with the revenue trajectory of the business. And hopefully, that's some helpful color.
Michel Vounatsos: And a couple of comments to consider, Umer. The first one is that at that time where you started to cover, it was mostly U.S. business only. And this is not the case today. And the second point is that there were very few DMTs in the class, and now it's extremely crowded and Biogen is still the leader globally in each one of those being SMA, being MS and being NTMS in Europe. So this takes some muscles and, obviously, skills. And we have made tremendous progress in terms of using digitalization and all the means of engaging, but we get the point, and this is compounded by the investment we have made on ADUHELM that we're eliminating.
Operator: We will now take our next question from Robyn Karnauskas from Truist Securities. Please go ahead. 
Robyn Karnauskas: Hi, thanks for taking the question. So, the first one is just for Priya. You talk about how new data showing lecanemab. When you stop it, it suggests that you could have some decline in cognition. Can you just talk about any more updates as to why you think that is? And if you think there's a difference in the mechanism versus Lilly's drug? Another thing you mentioned, you did mention also about potentially divesting products. I wanted to know if you could elaborate on what you're referring to. Thank you.
Michel Vounatsos: Priya?
Priya Singhal: Yes. Thank you for that question. So first of all, let me touch upon lecanemab. I think that the data that I referred to is data from the gap period in the open label, which was followed by the open-label extension in the Phase II study. And I think what it shows you is that the science on this aspect of what is the ideal treatment duration is emerging. And that's really the point that we need to kind of take away from this. So the field is evolving. There were two biomarkers AB in [ph] 42 to 40 ratio, as well as plasma phospho-tau 181. And we saw a reversal in both in the wrong direction.  So I think that how we are trying to address this is -- Eisai is actually taking a lead on it because they are assessing how maintenance can be applied, and they are doing this in their open-label extension in the Phase II study. So there's more data probably that will read out in the upcoming period as they learn more. And I think with donanemab, you asked me for a comparison, I can only speak to the data that I've seen in the public domain.  And I think that what we haven't seen is the after effects of long-term follow-up. We haven't seen a similar effect of what happens to amyloid plaques, of what happens to phospo-tau once lecanemab is stopped. And I think that, that data would be relevant for us to make a fair comparison. At the moment, I think what we believe, along with Eisai and what we see, is that stopping prematurely can cause a reversal. So hopefully, that answers that part of the question. And then the second part of your question was about divestiture. And I'll just step back and say that we are looking across our entire portfolio, our R&D portfolio, and making integrated decisions on prioritization.  What do I mean by this? I mean that we're looking at our disease areas, we're looking at our therapeutic areas, we're looking at where we are leaders, where we have a lot of internal expertise, and we are prioritizing accordingly and being good stewards of resources. So this is also driven in part by internal and external readouts. For example, we've just filed for zuranolone. This is a very exciting step for us in neuropsychiatry and we are expecting an upcoming readout for BIIB104, which is for cognitive impairment associated with schizophrenia. So we'll see what that readout shows us. But again, we will anchor to areas where we have success, we have expertise and build around those areas. The same goes for lupus. We have three programs in lupus and we will continue to build out those areas as we see readouts and data. We may also consider expansion of indications. So everything is really on the table and we're trying to be very disciplined about an integrated prioritization and methodology. Now within that integrated prioritization, we may have assets where we believe that they may have -- be better utilized by partnering them or by externalizing them. This is what I meant by divest. So hopefully, that addresses it. It's just one part of a much larger, synchronized, integrated R&D strategy. Thank you.
Michel Vounatsos: Operator, well take the next question please. Were having technical difficulties, well try to rejoin the call. [Technical Difficulty]
Operator: Thank you, sir. We will now take our next question from Salveen Richter from Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead. 
Salveen Richter: Good morning, thanks for taking my question. In terms of your capital allocation strategy to drive growth, how much of a priority is business development?
Mike McDonnell: Salveen, hi, Mike McDonnell, and thank you very much for the question. Business development has been and continues to be our priority. And we have a pipeline that we feel good about, and we will continue to look to supplement that through business development transactions as we have done in the past. And at the same time, we will continue to return capital to shareholders. So it will continue to be a balance and business development has been and will continue to be a priority. 
Operator: We will now take our next question from Michael Yee from Jefferies. Please go ahead. 
Michael Yee: Thank you. Following up on Michel and Priya's comments around R&D portfolio prioritization. Is it safe to say that you would consider anything on the table in terms of divesting, partnering, out-licensing, bringing in stuff, but just the concept that anything is on the table with regards to even including product lines or franchises at the whole portfolio and always is all on the table? Can you clarify that? Thank you so much.
Priya Singhal: Thank you, Michael. Yes, I would say that across the board, we are going to be driven by science and integration and maximizing the value that we bring to patients with diseases of high unmet need. So I think we would evaluate all options. But I think the science has to be the driver, and that's how we would do the evaluations. So yes, exactly as you said.
Michael Yee: Would you include commercialization businesses and franchises as well?
Michel Vounatsos: Potentially for some, but not for all. I think that Biogen will remain on the upper hand on a few priorities, but we'll be open to look for partnering on others. But it's for Priya and the team to determine with the support of the governance of the company.
Operator: We will now take our next question from Cory Kasimov from JPMorgan. Please go ahead. 
Cory Kasimov: Good morning, guys. Thanks for taking the question. I'm curious, what is significantly scaling back ADUHELM's commercial infrastructure, say, if anything, about your expectations for the Phase III lecanemab data? Or is it simply too long to wait until you get full approval even if lecanemab is successful in CLARITY AD? And along those lines, can you remind us of how your responsibilities for commercialization on that front might be any different than with ADUHELM? Thank you.
Michel Vounatsos: So we do expect the Phase III readout in the fall of this year. And we are discussing in full alignment with a partner the operational details beyond lecanemab. But based on the timing it will make no sense to carry such a long team, such a large team for such a long time. So I think it's the right decision. The preparation that was made on the infrastructure is there, and there is certainly a big benefit for the entire class moving forward. But we could not afford to keep the team, unfortunately, for that many months. So I think it's the right decision. Our sentiment for lecanemab does not change, just to be clear. 
Operator: We will now take our next question from Marc Goodman from SVB. Please go ahead. 
Marc Goodman: Yes, good morning. Just to continue on with the R&D topic. I think the view from the outside world has been that the pipeline has always been a little bit high risk, high reward, and that's probably not that surprising just because this is CNS. But now that you're going to take a look at the pipeline and really kind of change the way you're viewing things, how much does that change, factor into whether you start to diversify more away from CNS?  And if you're going to stay within CNS mostly, how do you change the probability of success projects to lower risk projects? And how do you do all of this change, given that there's also a management change going on? And how much board is supportive and I think you understand the context of the question. Thank you.
Michel Vounatsos: Yes, absolutely. And I think it's a very important question. It's all about having the right priorities and somehow rebalancing the risk profile of the portfolio. And we know that. And this goes with neuroscience. That Priya will say more. 
Priya Singhal: Yes. Thank you, Marc. It's a really pertinent question here. So I think two -- it's a 2-pronged approach. Number one, we're going to be driven by the science, we're going to stay within neuroscience. So I think at this point, I want to be very clear that we stay within neuroscience. It's a very important part of our expertise, our talent pool, and we are continuing to build on our strengths there. But we are definitely open to adjacencies. We've already demonstrated -- for example, as I mentioned with the zuranolone filing and with the 104 readout coming on its heels. In addition, I think that we are working in lupus. So that's a specialized immunology field. And we may consider other indications, we may consider other potential opportunities in the space. So that's one way in which we would diversify and rebalance our risk. Because as you know, the probability of technical and regulatory success changes as you move out of neuroscience. But given our core expertise of neuroscience and all the learnings we've had, we believe we have a lot of asymmetrical knowledge in the space. And in that space, we are continuing to enhance our probability of success, maximize it, in fact, by building on our strengths in biomarkers, clinical development, functional genomics, human validation. So we believe that these are the methodologies, which will help us sort of increase our probability of success and give us the ability to deliver on proof of concepts. So it's a two-pronged strategy. And add to that our four pillars, which you already know about, biosimilars and digital health. We're also looking at integration, right, with digital options. So this really goes beyond a very narrow focus. It looks at the portfolio in totality and the value that the portfolio brings in totality. And it's -- we have the expertise in terms of modalities. We have all modalities available to us. So we're looking at targets, and we're looking at the best modality. We're not looking at modalities and how do we kind of exploit those. We're looking at it in the reverse way. We're looking at disease target and then what's the best modality to go forward with. I hope that gives you a bit of a glimpse of how we're approaching this. Thank you.  Can I just address the last part? I meant to add that you asked about how we would do this in a Board setting, in a management setting. I want to say that I have a lot of authority currently, and I am making decisions on prioritization. So that, I hope, will go forward.
Operator: We will now take our next question from Brian Abrahams from RBC Capital Markets. Please go ahead. 
Brian Abrahams: Good morning. Thanks so much, for taking my questions. And best wishes to Michel with the transition. What's your latest sense of the FDA stance on accelerated approval for beta amyloid antibodies, just with some of the changes in leadership and initiatives at the agency? And then I know the FDA has agreed that CLARITY AD could serve as a confirmatory study following accelerated approval of lecanemab. But can you clarify, if you don't receive accelerated approval, whether that Phase III could stand on its own to support full approval or whether you need an additional study?
Michel Vounatsos: Thank you for the comments. Priya?
Priya Singhal: Thank you. So I'll just step back, Brian, and say that accelerated approval pathway is a very, very highly rigorous and scientific regulatory pathway. It's existed for several years now. And several products have come through the pathway and many patients around the United States have benefited from this access. So I know that there's a lot of dialogue, and I'm reading the same as you are. But I don't believe that at any point right now, there is going to be a potential major shift.  There could be enhancements, there could be sort of refinements. I'm sure that could happen to any regulatory pathway as more learnings are obtained. But I don't believe that our confidence has been shaken in the accelerated approval pathway. It remains a critical way in which you can bring products to patients who really need them today. So that's number one. Number two, I'll say that with CLARITY AD, the strategy has been -- and I think this has been publicly communicated by Eisai and us, so I'm just quoting that, that they have filed -- they've initiated the filing based on the Phase II study, as you know. And that is via the Accelerated Approval Pathway. There is agreement from the FDA. And Eisai have commented on this publicly as well, that CLARITY AD could serve as a confirmatory study.  Now to your question that what if the CLARITY AD is unclear or ambiguous, could they still get approval, could we still get approval? I think that would be very speculative for me to comment on. What I think would be a reasonable way forward, depending on the data, would be to have that discussion with the FDA. Because the science here is complex, as we've seen. And I think the most important thing is to continue to evaluate the science and the data as it emerges and assess what is the strength of evidence. And I think that is really what is going to make the difference in this case. Thank you.
Operator: We will now take our next question from Geoff Meacham from Bank of America. Please go ahead. 
Geoff Meacham: Thanks for the question. I just wanted to jump on to other questions on lecanemab and just wanted to know, strategically, how important is having a robust Alzheimer's pipeline to you guys? I mean, when you look at the infrastructure that you have from an R&D perspective, clearly, there are lessons to be learned from adu. But I wanted to ask you, is there an opportunity or is there a potential to bring in other assets behind lecanemab to kind of further expand the Alzheimer's piece?
Priya Singhal: Thank you. I think that, first of all, we remain committed to Alzheimer's disease. And lecanemab is -- we are very privileged and honored to have 2 Abeta removal agents. Aducanumab, we still continue to invest in EMBARK and ENVISION. We think that these will have potentially very critical scientific data that can impact not only the product but also the field. So that remains very important. We continue to invest in early Alzheimer's disease programs. As I mentioned, we have a BIIB080, which is our anti-tau ASO, and then we have BIB113, which is an OGA inhibitor. Very different sort of approaches to tau pathology. So this remains very important. We have other assets which have yet unnamed pathways and targets, which I can't speak about, but there are many, many others as well. So we remain committed to Alzheimer's disease. We are definitely taking all our learnings from the scientific approach, but also on how we would approach clinical development. So we are continuing to strengthen our clinical development expertise in the area. Would we be open to other assets? Yes, we continue to look and scour the external opportunities. At any given time, we are looking at many assets. And again, as I've said, the science will drive the way. The science and the value will continue to drive the way. So that's -- I would say, yes, we are absolutely interested and we continue to remain highly, highly committed to Alzheimer's disease. Thank you.
Operator: We will now take our next question from Jay Olson from Oppenheimer. Please go ahead. 
Jay Olson: Thanks for taking the question. And thanks to Michel for his constant dedication to patients. My question is about the balance sheet. And if you were to pursue a larger business development transaction, how much debt would you be willing to take on? Thank you.
Mike McDonnell: Jay, it's Mike. Thanks for the question. And I think that when you look at our balance sheet, we're in a very good place. We ended the quarter with $4.8 billion of cash. We received another $1 billion from Samsung in April. So we've got the better part of $6 billion of cash on hand. And when you look at our current debt levels, we're at two turns of EBITDA and gross debt and less than 1 turn net debt. So if you hypothetically added a turn of debt, not saying we wouldn't, but it's a hypothetical, that's about $8 billion worth of capacity that we have. And I think that our goal is to deploy that as accretively as we can with the number 1 goal being to bring ourselves back to growth over time. We've done about 30 deals and deployed about $6.5 billion in business development over the last 5.5 years. We will continue to prioritize business development along with returning capital to shareholders. It will be a balance. And I would say that we do have capacity for some incremental debt, but we've got so much cash on hand right now that adding debt is not something that we would obviously be needing or looking to do in the near term. So hopefully, that's helpful.
Operator: We will now take our next question from Phil Nadeau from Cowen & Company. Please go ahead. 
Philip Nadeau: Good morning. Thanks for taking my question. I want to follow-on to Brian's on the CLARITY AD study. Could you talk in a bit more detail about the design of the trial, in particular, what's the powering on the primary endpoint of CDR Sum of the Boxes? What is a clinically meaningful difference between drug and placebo and CDR-SB? And then in terms of the p-value, if this is a single Phase III study, what p-value is necessary for success? Is 0.05 sufficient or do you need 0.01?
Priya Singhal: Thank you. So first of all, CLARITY AD, we haven't spoken externally about the powering of the study, but Eisai has commented on it. In the Phase II study, we had several arms and the outcome was empowered for CDR Sum of Boxes. That is actually very different. Phase II has informed how Phase III has been designed and it is powered to detect a statistically significant difference on CDR Sum of Boxes. So that's one aspect I wanted to cover. The second is that CDR sum of boxes, we believe, is the right primary endpoint for this patient population and for the MCI in early Alzheimer's disease.  This has cognitive and functional elements. We believe that it is the most relevant primary endpoint. And we feel that we are fairly confident in the design of the study to kind of give us the outcome. Now what kind of p-value is very hard, I would be speculating, so I won't speculate here. But we feel that the study is designed appropriately and that the results would be important to review.  I think in terms of clinical meaningfulness, we have done a lot of work ourselves. There's a lot of external dialogue. And we do believe that, honestly, the EMERGE data that we had with the 22% difference is highly clinically relevant and clinically meaningful to KMEs and to patients. So we've done a lot of work around this. And I'm sure you've seen that in the public domain. Beyond that, I don't think I can comment on it. Thank you.
Michael Hencke: Operator, I think we have time for one final question. 
Operator: We will now take our final question from Mohit Bansal from Wells Fargo. Please go ahead. 
Mohit Bansal: Great. Thanks for squeezing me in. Maybe a question for Mike. So just -- just trying to understand your comments on share repurchases. So given that the cash flow of the company is not as good as it used to be a couple of years back, and maybe a need for diversification or buying more assets, why share repurchases at this point are a priority in your list?
Mike McDonnell: Yes. So thank you for the question, Mohit. And obviously, we did not buy any shares back during the quarter, and you shouldn't be looking quarter-to-quarter because that can vary depending on what we have in the way of business development activity, timing of windows, other considerations, et cetera. But we do expect to utilize a portion of the $2.8 billion that remains throughout the remainder of 2022, and we continue to believe that our stock is a good investment. But at the same time, you obviously will not see us repurchasing shares at the pace that you saw back 2, 3, 4 years ago because of the situation with TECFIDERA and RITUXAN, but we do continue to see it as a good investment and it will be a balance between BD and share repurchase as we go. But we'll be smart and balanced about it. And our capital allocation, as we mentioned, is one of our key operational priorities as we look forward throughout the rest of 2022.
Michael Hencke: And that concludes our call for today. Thank you, everyone, for joining us. 
Operator: Thank you. That concludes today's conference call. Thank you for your participation. Ladies and gentlemen, you may now disconnect.

===== 2021 Q4  (2022-02-03 08:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning. My name is Madison and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Biogen Fourth Quarter Earnings Call and Financial Update. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. I would now like to turn the conference over to Mr. Michael Hencke, Head of Investor Relations. Mr. Hencke, you may begin your conference.
Michael Hencke: Good morning and welcome to Biogens fourth quarter 2021 earnings call. Before we begin, I encourage everyone to go to the Investors section of biogen.com to find the earnings release and related financial tables, including our GAAP financial measures and a reconciliation of the GAAP to non-GAAP financial measures that we will discuss today. Our GAAP financials are provided in Tables 1 and 2 and Table 4 includes a reconciliation of our GAAP to non-GAAP financial results. We believe non-GAAP financial results better represent the ongoing economics of our business and reflect how we manage the business internally. We have also posted slides on our website that follow the discussions related to this call. I would like to point out that we will be making forward-looking statements, which are based on our current expectations and beliefs. These statements are subject to certain risks and uncertainties and our actual results may differ materially. I encourage you to consult the risk factors discussed in our SEC filings for additional detail. Today, we will be discussing ADUHELM. ADUHELM is indicated for the treatment of Alzheimers disease. Treatment with ADUHELM should be initiated in patients with mild cognitive impairment or mild dementia stage of disease, the population in which treatment was initiated in clinical trials. There are no safety or effectiveness data on initiating treatment at earlier or later stages of the disease that were studied. This indication is approved under accelerated approval based on reduction in amyloid beta plaques observed in patients treated with ADUHELM. Continued approval for this indication may be contingent upon verification of clinical benefit in a confirmatory trial or trials. ADUHELM can cause serious side effects, including amyloid-related imaging abnormalities or ARIA. ARIA is a common side effect that does not usually cause any symptoms, but can be serious. ADUHELM can cause serious allergic reactions. The most common side effects include ARIA, headache and fall. Please see full prescribing information and patient medication guide at aduhelm.com. On todays call, I am joined by our Chief Executive Officer, Michel Vounatsos; Dr. Priya Singhal, Interim Head of Research and Development; and our CFO, Mike McDonnell. We will also be joined for the Q&A portion of our call by Alisha Alaimo, President of our U.S. organization. As a reminder, during the Q&A portion of the call, we kindly ask that you limit yourself to one question. I will now turn the call over to Michel.
Michel Vounatsos: Good morning, everyone and thank you for joining us. I will start by briefly reviewing our financial performance and Mike will provide more details. For the fourth quarter, Biogen generated approximately $2.7 billion in revenue, representing a decrease of 4% year-over-year as we continued to experience the erosion of TECFIDERA revenue in the U.S. due to the impact of generic entry. Fourth quarter 2021 non-GAAP earnings were $3.39 a share. We believe this performance reinforces Biogens ability to execute well. However, given a number of challenges we have faced recently, we announced that we will implement cost reduction measures, which are expected to yield approximately $500 million in annualized savings and Mike will provide additional details. Let me now say a few words regarding the proposed National Coverage Determination, or NCD, for the class of monoclonal antibodies directed against amyloid for the treatment of Alzheimers disease. As currently written, the proposed NCD calls for coverage with evidence development or CED, which will provide reimbursement only for Medicare beneficiaries enrolled in an approved randomized controlled trial. In reaching this proposed recommendation, the Center for Medicare and Medicaid Services, or CMS, highlighted three key areas of focus for this class of therapies, all of which have implications for ADUHELM. First, CMS believes there are gaps in the data on the clinical benefit of these therapies. Second, CMS believes more information is needed about the potential risks of removing amyloid principally ARIA. And third, CMS would like additional data to be generated on the underrepresented communities in which Alzheimers disease is more prevalent. These are also areas of focus for Biogen with many important initiatives already underway. We have committed to constructive engagement with CMS to address their concerns and we agree with CMS that additional data maybe helpful to continue to characterize the benefit risk profile for this class of therapies. Now that ADUHELM is approved by the FDA, we believe the most helpful data generation can really only be generated from greater drug utilization in real world practice. We also agree with CMS that the final NCD decision should not lead to a duplication of ongoing activities. As currently postured, however, we believe the proposed CED requirements will be prohibitive for patients, overly burdensome, costly to companies and duplicative of the data that will be generated from ongoing trials and the FDAs existing required post-marketing requirements. We believe the best way to address the concerns of CMS is to supplement the data from the ADUHELM Phase 3 studies. We generated data over 3,000 patients by taking a multi-pronged approach, leveraging the Phase 4 inflammatory study and vision, our EMBARK redosing study, which has enrolled approximately 1,700 patients; the ongoing ICARE AD registry; the ongoing Phase 3 studies of other antibodies in the class; and other ongoing and anticipated real world data generation efforts. We believe this extensive data generation opportunity will adequately address any open question regarding the clinical efficacy and safety of amyloid beta luring therapies. On this note, we expect to begin patient screening for the ENVISION study in May of this year, with the primary completion date anticipated approximately 4 years later. This is expected to be a global placebo-controlled trial aiming to enroll 1,500 patients with MCI due to Alzheimers disease or mild Alzheimers disease with confirmation of amyloid beta pathology. The planned endpoint will be CDR sum of boxes at 18 months, with a planned long-term extension for up to 48 months. We believe this study, combined with the other studies I mentioned, should address the questions raised by CMS. Therefore, we will continue to advocate for an NCD that provides rapid and equitable patient access by providing coverage only for the patients identified as most appropriate for treatment in our FDA-approved label, which generally aligns to our Phase 3 clinical trial population. We also believe this multi-pronged approach will allow for more equal access in all communities. We have concerns that the restrictions of the proposed CED would unfairly exclude access for patients in other self communities and geographically remote areas. In contrast, we expect both ENVISION and our ICARE AD registry, which seeks to enroll up to 6,000 participants to obtain more representative data from those communities by aiming to enroll 16% to 18% of U.S. participants from Black and Hispanic population. In summary, we will advocate for a final CD that tracks a better balance between patient access for an FDA-approved therapy today and the desire for additional data that can only be gathered over time and with higher levels of drug utilization in the real world. We look forward to discussing this consideration with CMS and working towards a final decision that is in the best interest of patients. Beyond the NCD last quarter, we presented additional data from the ADUHELM Phase 3 clinical trial showing the effect on downstream Alzheimers biology and the correlation between plasma P-cell reduction and less cognitive and functional decline. In addition, we published the Phase 3 ARIA findings in JAMA Neurology. As we look forward, we aim to expand both within and beyond neuroscience with a focus on four pillars to drive growth and value creation. First, we intend as a company to build on our strong foundation in neuroscience, where we currently have 26 programs in clinical development. Second, we have what we believe to be two compelling Phase 3 programs in lupus. This is a therapeutic area with a different risk profile and we are continuing to evaluate additional opportunities in specialized immunology. Third, over the last several years, we have also built a very successful new business with our biosimilars. We recently announced an agreement to sell our stake in the Samsung Bioepis joint venture to Samsung Biologics, with Biogen remaining in our current role as the commercialization partner for the Samsung Bioepis anti-TNF portfolio and ophthalmology programs. We currently anticipate that this transaction will close in mid-2022. Once closed, going forward, we will have an expanded ability to pursue the biosimilars business on our own as we aim to bring more biosimilar products to more patients in more geographies. Mike will provide more details. And lastly, we are also focused on accelerating our efforts in digital health to support our commercial and pipeline programs, while also creating opportunities for potential digital therapeutics. To this point, we have built a dedicated digital health portfolio, which includes the recently announced new collaboration with TheraPanacea with the aim of leveraging our significant database, but also machine learning, artificial intelligence to develop digital health solution that may improve patient care, accelerate drug development and further the understanding of underlying pathologies. Our progress across these four pillars provides us with the potential for two future waves of growth as we launch in new therapeutic areas and build new franchises. First, over the next few years, we believe we have a significant potential in Alzheimers disease and depression, two large therapeutic areas with significant and unmet needs. In Alzheimers disease, we have a deep pipeline of clinical and preclinical assets, leveraging multiple modalities and targets, including both amyloid and tau, with ADUHELM and Lecanemab, Biogen and Eisai have 2 out of the 4 potential anti-amyloid antibody therapies that are either approved or in late-stage development. In depression, we are collaborating with Sage Therapeutics on Zuranolone, which we believe has the potential to provide a valuable new option for patients suffering from major depressive disorder and postpartum depression. We believe our second future waves of growth anticipated in the mid to late 2020s will be driven by a number of diverse therapeutic areas, including stroke, Parkinsons disease, and lupus with some of these programs already in Phase 3. These anticipated future waves of growth will be supported by our diversified pipeline, which today includes 32 clinical programs, 10 of which are in Phase 3 or filed. Additionally, outside of our core business, we are pleased to have recently exercised an option for mosunetuzumab, a late-stage investigational bispecific antibody targeting CD20 and CD3 in development by Genentech for oncology and potentially other indications. Exercise of this option will provide Biogen with a profit share, while Genentech will lead strategy and implementation with an expected FDA filing in the near future. This builds on Biogen and Genentechs long history of productive collaboration, which began with rituximab. Our focus in 2022 will remain on execution and agility as we expect a number of important milestones. This includes the continued launch of ADUHELM in the U.S., the launch of VUMERITY in the EU and our expected entry into the U.S. biosimilars market with BYOOVIZ. We expect 5 data readouts, 3 of which are in Phase 3 and the completion of three regulatory filings in Alzheimers disease, depression and biosimilars. Before I turn the call over to Priya for an update on our progress in R&D, I want to first say how impressed I am by what I have seen from Priya, both as the Head of Safety and Regulatory Science and most recently as our Acting Head of R&D. Her ability to lead, her strategic thinking and her subject matter expertise gives me the utmost confidence in her ability to advance our pipeline, while we work to name a permanent successor. Please go ahead, Priya.
Priya Singhal: Thank you, Michel and good morning everyone. First, I want to say what an honor it is to serve as Acting Head of R&D at Biogen. Biogen has a track record in developing life-changing therapies in MS and SMA. With a deep and diverse R&D pipeline, Biogen aims to bring impactful medicines to patients suffering from neurological and immunological diseases characterized by significant unmet need. As this is my first earnings call within this role, I would like to review a few areas that I am especially excited about. First, we believe that Biogen has a unique opportunity to lead in Alzheimers disease, not only because we are advancing an industry leading Alzheimers pipeline, but also because of the proactive focus we have placed on continued data generation for aducanumab. This includes ENVISION, the planned post-marketing Phase 4 study, the ongoing EMBARK redosing study, and obtaining real-world data through the ICARE AD registry. We believe data from patients treated with aducanumab in the real-world settings with greater drug utilization is the best way to complement the extensive clinical data generated on aducanumab to-date in addition to the ongoing and planned clinical trials. We also continue to gain potential insights from the aducanumab Phase 3 clinical data regarding Alzheimers disease biology and the treatment effect of aducanumab. On this particular point, Biogen recently presented additional data from the ENGAGE and EMERGE Phase 3 trials at the Annual CTAD Meeting last November. The important analysis of this data showed that in addition to reducing amyloid plaques in the brain, aducanumab treatment also resulted in changes in downstream tau Alzheimers disease biology, specifically soluble phosphate tau or p-tau, as seen in both CSF and plasma. In this analysis, we evaluated over 7,000 plasma samples from more than 1,800 subjects from the EMERGE and ENGAGE Phase 3 trials to investigate the effect of aducanumab treatment on plasma p-Tau181. The results showed a time and dose-dependent reduction in p-Tau181 over 78 weeks with aducanumab treatment in both Phase 3 trials. The reduction in plasma p-Tau181 from baseline to week 78 in this analysis was significantly correlated with change in amyloid PET over the same time period and was also significantly associated with less clinical decline across all primary and secondary outcome measures, assessing cognition and function in both studies. These findings are consistent with the hypothesis that aggregated forms of amyloid may mediate soluble tau phosphorylation. With regard to our AD pipeline, we are excited about lucanumab, our other anti-amyloid antibody in Alzheimers disease that is being developed in collaboration with Eisai. In Phase 2, lucanumab did not utilize a titration period, demonstrated rapid and robust reduction of amyloid plaques and showed an ARIA incidence of around 10%. We look forward to the Phase 3 readout expected in the second half of this year. Beyond our programs targeting amyloid, we are also pursuing a multimodality approach focused on other targets in Alzheimers. First, we have BIIB080, which is an ASO that we believe facilitates tau mRNA degradation and has demonstrated both a time and dose-dependent reduction of CSF phospho and total tau in Phase 1. We anticipate starting the Phase 2 study of BIIB080 by midyear. Second, we are also planning for the near-term initiation of a Phase 1 study for BIIB113, a small molecule inhibitor of O-GlcNAcase or OGA, an enzyme believed to catalyze the removal of O-GlcNAc post-translational modification of tau protein. Evidence suggests that O-GlcNAcylation of tau attenuates aggregation. By inhibiting OGA, we aim to increase the O-GlcNAcylation of tau to potentially inhibit tau aggregation and thereby slow clinical decline. Having developed the first FDA approved therapy to address a defining pathology of Alzheimers we believe that Biogen is uniquely positioned with the right expertise, experience and access to modalities to lead in Alzheimers disease. This is a complex disease requiring a multifaceted approach and continued investment as we work to build on the scientific learnings of ADUHELM and develop the next wave of potential Alzheimers therapies. I would now like to talk about depression. I believe that Zuranolone with a novel mechanism of action may provide an important new treatment option for patients suffering from major depressive disorder and postpartum depression. The reported clinical data generated to date from multiple clinical trials showed the following: first, in earlier studies, an improvement in depressive symptoms has been observed as early as day 3. Second, Zuranolone has displayed a consistent safety and tolerability profile with no observed evidence of weight gain, sexual dysfunction, euphoria or increased suicidal ideation. Third, the SHORELINE Phase 3 open-label study showed that approximately 80% of patients who responded to the initial course of 50 milligrams of Zuranolone needed at most one additional treatment total during their time in the 1-year study. Fourth, in the WATERFALL Phase 3 study, Zuranalone reduced depressive symptoms in patients suffering from MDD both with and without elevated anxiety. Fifth, Zuranolone has shown improvements in depressive symptoms in postpartum depression. For Zuranolone, we look forward to two Phase 3 readouts this year, the CORAL study in MDD and the SKYLARK study in PPD. The next area I would like to highlight is stroke. Last year, we were excited by the results from the Phase 2 study of BIIB131, formerly known as TMS-007 in acute ischemic stroke. Administration of the current standard of care, pharmacological thrombolytic TPA, is limited to a short therapeutic window within 4.5 hours following the acute onset of stroke symptoms. This short time window is meant to mitigate the risk of intracranial hemorrhage, which is the most concerning adverse event associated with PPA. In the Phase 2a study of BIIB131, acute stroke patients were randomized to receive BIIB131 or placebo out to 12 hours from their last known normal. The primary objective of the study was safety. And of the 52 patients who received BIIB131, non-experienced symptomatic intracranial hemorrhage compared to one out of the 38 patients who received placebo. This was despite an extended treatment window where patients, on average, received BIIB131 at 9.5 hours after the onset of acute stroke symptoms. Additionally, BIIB131 showed a statistically significant improvement versus placebo on the modified Rankin Scale, or MRS, a registrational endpoint of functional independence. Furthermore, the rate of recanalization or improvement of vessel blood flow in patients who had a visible vessel occlusion was approximately 58% at 24 hours, in those who had received BIIB131 as compared to 27% of patients who received placebo. We believe BIIB131 may have the potential to be a best-in-class thrombolytic for the treatment of acute ischemic stroke by extending the time treatment time window out to 24 hours with an appropriate efficacy and safety profile. We are currently evaluating the next steps in the development for BIIB131. In addition to BIIB131, we also continue to advance a Phase 3 study for BIIB093 in large hemispheric infection based upon the effects observed on mortality and cerebral edema in the Phase 2 study. I would now like to turn my attention to specialized immunology. We currently have two Phase 3 assets in SLE, including dapirolizumab pegol in collaboration with UCB and BIIB059, our anti-BDCA2 antibody developed in-house at Biogen. These two assets represent potential first-in-class molecules in SLE. BIIB059 also has the potential to be a first-in-class biologic in cutaneous lupus erythematosus or CLE. CLE is a skin-based autoimmune disease that can be associated with severe scarring and dyspigmentation. In the Phase 2 LILAC study, the CLE part of the study also met its primary endpoint by demonstrating a dose response of BIIB059 on the percent change from baseline in the CLASI-A Score, its standardized scale measuring CLE disease activity at week 16 in individuals with CLE. Furthermore, a higher CLASI-50 response rate or number of individuals with a 50% or greater improvement from baseline in the CLASI-A score was observed in patients who received BIIB059 at week 16. Based upon these results, we are currently planning to also initiate a pivotal study for BIIB059 in CLE this year. Next, I will touch upon ALS. ALS has been a very key focus area for Biogen for many years. And we remain encouraged by the data from the Phase 3 VALOR study of tofersen, where despite missing the primary endpoint of a statistically significant change from baseline to week 28 in the ALSFRS we believe there are trends tabling tofersen across multiple secondary and exploratory measures of biological and clinical activity. We are continuing to collect data in the VALOR open-label extension, and we are actively recruiting for the ATLAS presymptomatic study. Many SOD1 ALS patients have received access to tofersen through the global expanded access program, which is available in countries where local regulations permit it and where we hope to secure long-term access. Further, we are engaged with regulators to determine the next steps for the program. Aside from the areas Ive highlighted, Biogen continues to grow and diversify the R&D pipeline, which now includes 32 clinical programs. New additions include the exercise of the option with Ionis on BIIB115, an investigational ASO with the potential for extended dosing intervals in SME as well as the recent initiation of a Phase 1 study in Angelman syndrome, a rare genetic neurodevelopmental disorder that affects the nervous system and causes severe physical and learning disabilities with symptoms beginning in infancy. Importantly, I believe that 2022 will be a significant year for Biogens pipeline given the number of important readouts expected, including the aducanumab Phase 3 in Alzheimers disease, key readouts in neuropsychiatry for both Zuranolone in depression and BIIB104 in schizophrenia and BIIB078 in ALS. In closing, I believe Biogen has assembled an extensive pipeline of programs informed by generics, a deep understanding of disease biology, specialized modality expertise and digitalization. Therefore, I believe Biogen is uniquely positioned to shape the future of therapeutics in neurology and specialized immunology and make a difference in patients and their caregivers lives. I will now pass the call over to Mike.
Mike McDonnell: Thank you, Priya, and good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us. Ill focus my commentary on fourth quarter results along with some discussion regarding the full year 2021. Total revenue for the fourth quarter of $2.7 billion declined 4% versus the prior year at both actual and constant currency. Total revenue for the full year of $11 billion declined 18% versus the prior year at actual currency and 19% at constant currency. This decline was mostly driven by TECFIDERA generic entry in the United States. Non-GAAP diluted earnings per share in the fourth quarter, was $3.39. Full year non-GAAP diluted earnings per share, was $19.22. Total MS revenue inclusive of OCREVUS royalties in the fourth quarter was $1.8 billion. Global TECFIDERA revenue in the fourth quarter was $486 million. U.S. revenue was $161 million. Outside of the U.S., TECFIDERA revenue of $326 million increased by 13% versus the prior year with 7% growth in underlying patients. VUMERITY fourth quarter global revenue was $125 million as compared to $39 million in the fourth quarter of 2020. We expect VUMERITY to continue to grow both in the U.S. and outside the U.S. TYSABRI fourth quarter global revenue of $513 million increased 8% versus the prior year, benefiting from positive channel dynamics in the U.S., and we were pleased to see continued global patient growth. Moving to SMA, global fourth quarter SPINRAZA revenue of $441 million decreased 12% versus the prior year. In the U.S., SPINRAZA revenue of $150 million decreased by 6% versus the prior year, as we saw continued impact from competition. However, we were encouraged to see that discontinuations moderated somewhat versus Q3 of this year. U.S. SPINRAZA revenue increased 7% versus the prior quarter, inclusive of some favorable pricing and channel dynamics. Outside the U.S., SPINRAZA revenue of $291 million decreased 14% versus the prior year due to competition and pricing pressure. We continue to believe that SPINRAZA can return to growth over the medium to long-term. Total ADUHELM revenue for the fourth quarter was $1 million. Moving to our biosimilars business, fourth quarter revenue of $221 million increased 12% versus the prior year, with increased volume partially offset by pricing pressure. Our Q4 biosimilars revenue benefited from a one-time price adjustment of approximately $10 million. Last week, we announced that we have entered into an agreement to sell our equity stake in our biosimilar joint venture, Samsung Bioepis to Samsung Biologics or aggregate consideration of up to $2.3 billion. We believe this represents an attractive financial return given that our cumulative investment in the joint venture was $727 million. Its important to note that we will continue to record revenue and costs associated with the commercialization of BENEPALI, IMRALDI and FLIXABI with economics that will be substantially unchanged from what you have seen previously. So we are pleased with this transaction because we not only maintain the commercialization rights that we have, but we will also have an expanded ability to pursue additional biosimilars products on our own going forward. Closing of this transaction is currently anticipated in mid-2022, contingent on the effectiveness of a securities registration statement filed by Samsung Biologics and satisfaction of certain regulatory and other customary closing conditions. Total anti-CD20 revenue in the fourth quarter of $414 million decreased 1% versus the prior year. RITUXAN revenue of $153 million decreased 29% versus the prior year due to the impacts of COVID-19 and continued erosion from biosimilar competition. OCREVUS royalty revenue of $261 million increased 29% versus the prior year. As a reminder, the effective royalty rate for OCREVUS royalties resets each calendar year. Fourth quarter gross margin was 76% of revenue, down from 83% in Q4 of 2020. And the reduction in gross margin versus prior year was primarily due to a $164 million charge for ADUHELM inventory and purchase commitments in excess of forecasted demand. Moving now to expenses on the balance sheet, Q4 non-GAAP R&D expense was $700 million, which includes a $60 million opt-in payment to Ionis for BIIB115 and a cost of approximately $50 million for the exercise of our option with Genentech for the bispecific antibody mentioned earlier. We will share any operating profits and losses for this program in the low to mid-30% range in the United States. Non-GAAP SG&A was $785 million, including approximately $155 million related to ADUHELM. Eisais reimbursement of U.S. SG&A costs of approximately $45 million is reflected in the collaboration profit sharing line. Fourth quarter collaboration profit sharing reduced our net operating expense by $67 million, which includes reimbursement of approximately $140 million from Eisai related to ADUHELM commercialization, partially offset by $75 million of net profit sharing expense related to our collaboration with Samsung Bioepis. During Q4 of this year, our effective non-GAAP tax rate was approximately 17%. During 2021, we repurchased approximately 6 million shares of our common stock for a total value of $1.8 billion. No shares were repurchased in the fourth quarter of 2021. As of December 31, 2021, there was $2.8 billion remaining under the share repurchase program which was authorized in October of 2020. Our weighted average diluted share count was approximately 147 million shares for the fourth quarter. In 2021, we generated approximately $3.6 billion in cash flow from operations. Capital expenditures were $258 million, and free cash flow was approximately $3.4 billion. We ended the year with $7.3 billion in debt, $4.7 billion in cash and marketable securities and $2.6 billion in net debt. In addition, our $1 billion revolving credit facility was undrawn as of the end of the year. Overall, we remain in a very strong financial position with significant cash and financial capacity to grow the business over the long-term. Let me now turn to our full year guidance for 2022. We expect full year 2022 revenue to be between $9.7 billion and $10 billion. This financial guidance assumes minimal ADUHELM revenue in 2022, continued declines in RITUXAN revenue due to biosimilar competition as well as continued erosion of TECFIDERA revenue in the U.S. due to generic entry. This guidance also assumes the potential entry of TECFIDERA generics in the EU as early as the first half of 2022 as the outcome of the ongoing challenges to TECFIDERA market protection is difficult to predict. We expect the decreased revenue from these high-margin products to reduce our gross margin percentage as compared to 2021. We expect full year 2022 non-GAAP diluted EPS between $14.25 and $16. Our guidance assumptions are highly dependent on the final national coverage determination, which is currently uncertain. If the final NCD, which is expected in April, is not broader than the draft NCD, our anticipated results and guidance may be impacted. This guidance assumes that we will not have any write-offs of ADUHELM inventory in 2022 which is valued at approximately $225 million as of the end of 2021. This guidance also assumes reasonable levels of utilization of our manufacturing capacity dedicated to our Alzheimers disease programs. If our manufacturing capacity is underutilized, we will incur incremental period costs, which are not reflected in our guidance. We expect non-GAAP R&D expense to be between $2.2 billion and $2.3 billion, and our non-GAAP SG&A expense to be between $2.5 billion and $2.6 billion. This non-GAAP SG&A expense estimate includes approximately $400 million in support of the launch of ADUHELM, of which approximately $145 million would be reimbursable by Eisai and reflected in the collaboration profit sharing line. These R&D and SG&A expense estimates reflect the implementation of previously disclosed cost reduction measures, which are expected to yield approximately $500 million in annualized savings, of which approximately $350 million is expected to be realized in 2022. These savings are expected to be achieved through various initiatives, which may include downsizing of our global Alzheimers infrastructure the savings from which would be shared with Eisai and operating efficiency gains across SG&A and R&D. These savings are expected to be offset by approximately $200 million in additional investments in our pipeline and strategic initiatives. In the event of a final NCD that is not broader than the draft NCD, we anticipate taking further cost reduction measures, which are not reflected in our guidance to further align our cost base with our revenue base. Some of the savings from these further cost reduction measures would be shared with Eisai. We expect our non-GAAP tax rate for 2022 to be between 15.5% and 16.5%, and we assume that we will utilize a portion of the remaining share repurchase authorization of $2.8 billion throughout the year, although this will depend on a variety of factors, including our business development activities. Foreign exchange rates as of December 31, 2021, are assumed to remain in effect for the year, net of hedging activities, we have not included any impact from potential acquisitions or large business development transactions as both are hard to predict or any impact of potential tax or healthcare reform. I will now turn the call back over to Michel for his closing remarks.
Michel Vounatsos: Thank you, Mike. In summary, 2021 was an eventful year for Biogen. ADUHELM is now the first FDA-approved treatment targeting a defining pathology of Alzheimers disease. But as we all know, this is a complex disease, which will require continued investment in research over the years to come. ADUHELM is an important first step, and we remain focused on advancing our leading portfolio with the goal of further addressing the remaining unmet needs for patients. We hope that over time, we will be able to bring additional impactful treatment options, which will build on the scientific learnings from ADUHELM similar to the waves of innovation we have seen in oncology. Before I conclude, let me touch on Biogens strong commitment to corporate responsibility, climate, health and equity are deeply integrated challenges that demand bold action, and thats why we are working to advance a healthier, more sustainable and equitable world. Through our Signature initiative, Healthy Climate, Healthy Lives and other efforts, our goal is to create new ways of doing business that positively impact the way we live and the way we deliver for patients. We are proud that our leadership actions and transparency in this area has been recognized recently by the Dow Jones Sustainability World Index, Corporate Knights Global 100 and Just 100. Through this work, we aim to create shareholder value by meeting the needs of our patients, employees, the environment and the communities we serve. In closing, I would like to reiterate that we are committed to engaging with CMS and other stakeholders with the hope of finding an appropriate path forward for the patients in excess of ADUHELM.  We will now open the call for questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Robyn Karnauskas with Truist Securities.
Robyn Karnauskas: Given the recent deal that you did with Samsung, you now  Samsung, you now have more cash. Could you just talk a little bit about your thoughts on how you might want to utilize that cash? And is that  was there a near-term acquisition or things that youre looking at or is this just something that gives you optionality? Thanks.
Michel Vounatsos: Thanks for the question. As you know, we have a strong balance sheet, and we are continuously looking at how we can deliver long-term shareholder value. So, we are actively working on some business development opportunities to enrich our pipeline, complement our portfolio in line with our strategy. And we will look at the deals based on their own merits, and we are working on that.
Mike McDonnell: And I will just add to that, Robyn. I mean as we have said in our prepared remarks, we are pleased with the transaction. It represents a very attractive return relative to the capital that we invested. And the first priority will be to get the transaction closed, as you saw in the release around the deal. The proceeds will come in gradually over time. And so the first priority would be to get the transaction closed and we will continue to explore all of our options around BD deals of all sizes and we will continue our share buyback program as well. And the pipeline remains robust. We look at a lot of opportunities, and we have an extremely healthy balance sheet, as Michel said, and this will only make it healthier.
Michel Vounatsos: And Robyn, if I may, an important consideration is now that we can create more value with our biosimilars portfolio, more products, more geographies.
Operator: Okay. We will go ahead and take our next question from Michael Yee with Jefferies.
Michael Yee: Thank you. Good morning. I guess my question is in regards to ADUHELM, what you are actively doing to try and change the NCD decision. And again, to reiterate, if its not changed dramatically, you guys would look to cut  further cut expenses. So, can you talk about what that would entail? And under what scenario that might change, for example, of BAM with positive. Maybe just outline the thoughts and the roadmap for ADUHELM in 2022? Thank you.
Michel Vounatsos: Thank you, Mike. I will get started and then my colleagues will come in. First of all, we take into account with a lot of caution, all the areas of focus that CMS has communicated. And based on those, we look at all the initiatives underway in order to scientifically fulfill the question they have being on the benefits risk being on area being on disparity. And we have a lot going on from international studies, EMBARK in ENVISION on top of the Phase 3. And now the time together with CMS to engage into a broad real-world evidence set of initiatives already underway like ICARE AD, but we are contemplating even more that could be disease registry and more. So, we are engaging with CMS constructively, demonstrating empathy to try to find the path forward that will be the best for patients. Alisha?
Alisha Alaimo: Yes. Thank you, Michel, and hello, Michael. Thank you for the question. In regards to what we have been doing as an organization, during the past three weeks, we have met with CMS to share our perspective and answer any of the questions that they have. And you will see that we will be submitting our in-depth comments in the coming days, obviously, during this comment period. In parallel, we have also been educating physicians and policymakers and advocates about what this would actually mean for patients. I think a lot of people, as you have seen, have been quite confused by the draft NCD and what a CED actually means to them. And as you have likely seen, many stakeholders have had similar concerns. So, we have seen patients, patient advocates, HCPs, other manufacturers and industry groups like bio and pharma also sharing their perspectives quite publicly. And there is one week remaining for the open comment period, and we are very much looking forward to this final decision in April, so the community has more clarity. And that brings me now to the comment period. You may have seen over and I think as of today, its around 2,600, 2,700 public comments submitted to CMS. And again, with still one week remaining, I think its important for everyone to remember and to keep in mind that CMS indicates on their website that the most helpful comments are ones that site published clinical evidence. And when you actually separate the comments out from the dementia specialist, you will see that many of them are against this draft NCD. With prior comment periods, we have seen that in the final days, you tend to see more letters that are heavily researched and referenced. And as I have said before, you will see ours being posted in the coming days. So, we do remain engaged actively with all stakeholders. We do remain engaged, obviously, still with CMS, and we are looking forward to the final decision in April.
Michel Vounatsos: And so Mike, in your question on the cost measures, as we said in our prepared remarks, our guidance does assume that the final NCD would allow for meaningful patient access over time that does not translate into material revenue in, but it would create a more open access than what we saw in the draft. Should that not be the case, we are doing scenario planning now. On the cost measures, we mentioned our plan of a $500 million cost measure, of which we estimate we will get $350 million in 2022, which is assumed in our guidance, and we will invest about $200 million of that in a variety of different initiatives, including product launches. And in the event that we have a much more restrictive NCD, we will need to look at the elements of that. We certainly will be flexible in looking at allocating resources between ADUHELM and lecanemab. We mentioned in our SG&A, its assumed that we have a $400 million ADUHELM support estimate, and we obviously would take a hard look at that as well other costs we could take out in order to offset any potential impacts on inventory potential write-downs and excess capacity charges, which are not reflected in our guidance.
Mike McDonnell: And Mike as a closing comment, if I may. As a company, we are fully committed to deliver on this data being the international study being the real world ones. And we believe that this extensive data generation will adequately address any open question raised by CMS.
Operator: And we will go ahead and take our next question from Matthew Harrison with Morgan Stanley.
Matthew Harrison: Great. Good morning. Thanks for taking my questions. I was hoping you could just clarify on the TECFIDERA EU contribution to guidance and what we are going to learn this year, which may either help us understand if that revenue is at risk this year, or if you could continue to expect to see it and that could be potential upside to your current guidance? Thanks.
Michel Vounatsos: Sure, Matthew. Thanks for the question. And there is a  we believe there is the potential for generic entry at some point in the first half of 2022. We do believe that we are entitled to market protection, and we are certainly going to do all we can to assert that. But we did reflect in our guidance, as we mentioned, in our opening remarks and in our press release that we do assume that there could be some generic entry somewhere in the first half of 2022.
Mike McDonnell: So, this is assumption driven at the same time for  at the same time, as already communicated, we are launching VUMERITY in 20 markets within the EU.
Operator: And we will go ahead and take our next question from Umer Raffat with Evercore ISI.
Umer Raffat: Hi guys. Thanks for taking my question. I wanted to focus on BAN2401 for a second and really just two questions there. One, can you help us understand the magnitude of missed doses in the Phase 3, because I recall you increased the sample size by 200 patients. And I wonder if that percentage increased versus the original sample size reflects the amount of missed doses. And secondly, the primary analysis, is that ITT, or will that screen out the rapid progressors or certain subsets of patients based on some of the learnings from ADUHELM? Thank you very much.
Michel Vounatsos: Priya?
Priya Singhal: Thank you for the question. So, just stepping back, I just want to reiterate that Clarity AD will read out in Q3 this year, and we remain very excited about that outcome. I cannot really comment on the details of the statistical analysis plan. But what I can tell you is that any learnings that can be incorporated have been incorporated and that the primary endpoint remains the CDR sum of boxes. So, we look forward to the readout. Thank you.
Operator: And we will go ahead and take our next question from Marc Goodman with SVB Leerink.
Marc Goodman: Yes. Good morning. So look, there is two key events, right. We have the CMS decision that we are waiting on. And then obviously, we have the lecanemab data in the third quarter. So, just kind of wondering your thought process of if the first one goes disappointing, do you make the changes, or are you waiting for the lecanemab data because we are kind of wondering whether you are going to break down the Alzheimers infrastructure before you get that data? And how much business development is being impacted by those two decisions? I mean are you looking at these BD opportunities right now regardless of what happens with those events? Thanks.
Michel Vounatsos: Thanks for the very fair question. As I have communicated, we will remain as a team, agile and flexible. And obviously, we will do everything we can to preserve our operating results while delivering on the strategy. We do believe in leca, but we will take some aggressive steps should the NCD remain on the current form.
Mike McDonnell: And I think, Marc, I would just add that the  how much of our infrastructure we would allocate to lecanemab versus not, etcetera, that really depends on what the final NCD says. Its across the entire class, and that would really depend on the specifics of how the final NCD reads. I would say on BD, we will continue our BD efforts regardless. Those are ongoing, and they are always ongoing.
Operator: And we will go ahead and take our next question from Salveen Richter with Goldman Sachs.
Salveen Richter: Good morning. Thanks for taking my question. In light of the recent opt-in for the Roche compound, does this signal a greater structural move into oncology? And are there any other areas you are looking at as you pursue BD?
Michel Vounatsos: No. I mean its a continuation of the very good partnership that we have with Genentech since rituximab, and we have benefited from a remarkable cash flow contribution that we all appreciate and even now, even with our biosimilars. So, its a continuation. Its not a shift of strategy. I communicated the four pillars of growth, and we remain focused on those. And we believe that we are set for long-term shareholder value generation by sticking  by staying the course and delivering on those.
Operator: And we will go ahead and take our next question from Cory Kasimov with JPMorgan.
Cory Kasimov: Hi. Good morning guys. Thanks for taking the question. I wanted to follow-up on the Phase 3 lecanemab study and can you comment on the enrolled patient population in terms of adequate representation for underrepresented communities that may address the CMS concerns you spoke to? And just with regards to Mikes comment you just made on NCD and waiting for this data. Wouldnt it be your expectation that a final NCD could be changed if we have robust positive Phase 3 results from other Alzheimers programs later on in the year? Thank you.
Michel Vounatsos: Priya.
Priya Singhal: Yes. Thank you for the question. I think that Eisai will comment on the underrepresented population percentage, but it is actually very robust, and we are very encouraged by the efforts made to include this population in the Clarity AD. With regards to the outcome of the NCD and how it might impact lecanemab, I think that, that remains to be seen currently. It is a class  the NCD is addressing the entire class, but we believe that there is hope at the end of the road here. So, we look forward to seeing the final outcome in April. Thank you.
Michel Vounatsos: So, I think that we all have to do a better job, including diverse population, unfortunately affected with a high level of incidence for the disease in interventional studies and real-world studies. And this is what we are doing. And I think  I hope that this will be well received by CMS. And we did communicate that for the ENVISION study, we aim to reach from 16% to 18% of diverse population, the same in real world with ICARE AD. So moving forward, we will gather much more data, and the same for the other real world evidence opportunities that we are sharing with CMS.
Operator: And we will go ahead and take our next question from Jay Olson with Oppenheimer.
Jay Olson: Hey. Thanks for the updates and for taking the question. Since self-administered subcu formulation of ADUHELM could fall under the purview of Medicare Part D and therefore, lie outside the scope of a potential CED if its finalized, could you comment on where Biogen stands with regard to the development of subcu ADUHELM? I think you did a bioequivalent study a few years ago. So, is subcu something that could be a relatively near-term option?
Michel Vounatsos: So, we will comment certainly on the life cycle management opportunity. Priya will say a few words. But I just want to outline and come back to the first area of concern communicated in the draft NCD, which is basically benefit risk and questioning the hypothesis and the class in terms of mode of action and positive impact on the patients. And this obviously is independent from any formulation. Priya?
Priya Singhal: Thank you for the question, and thanks, Michel, for those comments. We will definitely be building on our prior learnings in ADUHELM subcutaneous formulation development. And we are currently engaging with regulators on having a robust plan forward for this development. So, that is ongoing. Thank you.
Operator: And we will take our next question from Geoff Meacham with Bank of America.
Unidentified Analyst: Good morning everyone. This is Jason on for Geoff. Thanks so much for taking our questions and the color. I wanted to connect the dots a little bit on your earlier comments about capital allocation. Specifically, what are the priorities here? And what is going to be the deciding factor? Is it candidly going to be the final NCD decision in terms of how things are meted out, or are activities ongoing? Thank you.
Mike McDonnell: Yes, Jason, thanks for the question. Its Mike speaking. And just reiterating a bit of what we said before. We are constantly looking at options around deals of all sizes, different opportunities, early stage, late stage across. It runs the gamut, primarily focused on neuroscience, which is our focus. And we will continue to do that, and we will continue to invest in our pipeline, and that is regardless of the outcome on the NCD and its regardless of the fact that we have now incremental cash if we get the  once the Samsung transaction closes. So, I think we have a healthy balance sheet. Thats unchanged, $4.7 billion of cash and marketable securities at the end of the year, a modest amount of net debt less than one turn, and we have a $1 billion revolver thats undrawn. So, we will continue to actively pursue BD. That strategy is unchanged, and I dont see a significant shift in strategy in terms of NCD outcome or Samsung transaction or anything else. We will continue to explore all of our options around BD actively, and we are doing that.
Operator: And we will take our next question from Brian Abrahams with RBC Capital Markets.
Brian Abrahams: Hi guys. Thanks so much for taking my question. On lecanemab, just a couple of quick follow-ups on that, just can you give us a sense of any COVID impact to data collection in that study. Are your plans for accelerated filing for accelerated approval still intact in light of the NCD? And any modifications that you might need to make to infrastructure upon success to accommodate for the more frequent dosing versus ADUHELM? Thanks.
Michel Vounatsos: Priya?
Priya Singhal: Thank you for the question. So, I can say that lecanemab is on track to read out. As previously communicated, this will be in Q3 of 2022. So, at this point, we dont expect any changes to that along with Eisai. So, thats number one. And second, I think that there are no real other changes to communicate on the outcomes or on the measures that have been included in the study. So, is there another question that I am missing here?
Brian Abrahams: Patient follow-ups due to the pandemic. I know its a global study with a lot of sites.
Priya Singhal: Yes. And I think that its been managed really well. So, I dont expect any delays in terms of the readouts. And I think your second question was about accelerated approval. As you know, they have breakthrough  we have breakthrough designation on this product. And there will be a filing. We are intent on filing. The filing many components have already been filed. And once the filing is complete, that will be communicated I think that the most important thing to remember here is that while it might go in as an accelerated filing, the confirmatory study for lecanemab is the Clarity AD, which will read out this year. So, I do expect the Clarity AD conformatory study to read out during the review period for this program. I hope that clarifies.
Michel Vounatsos: I just want to outline once more that we are working very closely with Eisai at finding synergies in terms of capabilities of both organizations and how we can optimize the value for both compounds.
Michael Hencke: I think we have time for one more question.
Operator: And we will take our last question from Salim Syed from Mizuho.
Salim Syed: Great. Thanks so much for the question guys. Michel, I wanted to address a bit of an elephant in the room. And I asked this question constructively, and I hope you can appreciate that. So obviously, people talk about misalignment between management and the Board at Biogen, and business development is obviously a key focus for you guys, and I appreciate all the commentary that you guys are looking at deals of all sizes, early late stage. But in your view, is there a misalignment here that would make meaningful BD something difficult in 2022, or has something changed that we can now expect that to occur? Thanks so much.
Michel Vounatsos: Thank you, Salim, for giving me the opportunity to answer this question. I will invite you to look at all the BD deals that were performed during the past 5 years versus the previous 5 years. And I think this will give you an idea about the alignment, but it doesnt mean that its an easy road. It means that we have challenges management. We really need to have open discussion between the Board and management to secure that we are in the best position to allocate capital, but we were able and we continue to be able to work together in order to move forward the organization in the best strategic position the way we believe we are today compared with the period before. Look at the four pillars of growth, look what we are doing with biosimilars, we are enriching the cash flow generation opportunity. And even if we are in the unfortunate situation of losing rituximab and TECFIDERA and a delay launch by almost a year eventually, if NCD is positive for ADUHELM, we are still in a multibillion cash flow generation opportunity. We work together very closely. So, thank you all for this good engagement. And I would like really to reiterate that we are committed to engaging with CMS and all the other stakeholders with the hope of finding an appropriate path for immediate patient access to ADUHELM. Thank you all for your attention today.
Operator: And this concludes todays call. Thank you all for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2021 Q3  (2021-10-20 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning. My name is Shelby and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Biogen Third Quarter earnings call and financial update. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speaker's remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. If you'd like to ask a question during this time, [Operator Instructions]. Please limit yourself to one question to allow all participants time for questions. If you require any further follow-ups, [Operator Instructions]. Thank you. I would like to now turn the conference over to Mike Hencke, Investor Relations. Mr. Hencke, you may begin.
Mike Hencke: Good morning and welcome to Biogen 's third quarter 2021 earnings call. Before we begin, I encourage everyone to go to the Investors section of biogen.com to find the earnings release and related financial tables, including our GAAP financial measures and a reconciliation of the GAAP to non-GAAP financial measures that we will discuss today. Our GAAP financial are provided in Tables 1 and 2 and Table 4 includes the reconciliation of our GAAP to non-GAAP financial results. We believe non-GAAP financial results better represent the ongoing economics of our business and reflect how we manage the business internally. We have also posted slides on our website that follow the discussions related to this call. I would like to point out that we will be making forward-looking statements, which are based on our current expectations and beliefs. These statements are subject to certain risks and uncertainties and our actual results may differ materially. I encourage you to consult the risk factors discussed in our SEC filings for additional detail. Today, we will be discussing ADUHELM. ADUHELM is indicated for the treatment of Alzheimer's disease. Treatment with ADUHELM should be initiated in patients with mild cognitive impairment or mild dementia stage of disease, the population in which treatment was initiated in clinical trials. There are no safety or effectiveness data on initiating treatment at earlier or later stages of the disease than were studied. This indication is approved under accelerated approval based on reduction in amyloid beta plaques observed in patients treated with ADUHELM. Continued approval for this indication may be contingent upon verification of clinical benefit in a confirmatory trial or trials. ADUHELM can cause serious side effects, including amyloid - related imaging abnormalities or ARIA. ARIA is a common side effect that does not usually cause any symptoms, but can be serious. ADUHELM can cause serious allergic reactions. The most common side effects include ARIA, headache, and fall. Please see full prescribing information and patient medication guide at aduhelm.com. On today's call, I am joined by our Chief Executive Officer, Michel Vounatsos, Dr. Al Sandrock, Head of Research & Development, and our CFO, Mike McDonnell. We will also be joined for the Q&A portion of our call by Alisha Alaimo, President of our U.S. organization, and Toby Ferguson, Head of Neuromuscular Development. As a reminder, during the Q&A portion of the call, we kindly ask that you limit yourself to one question. I will now turn the call over to Michel.
Michel Vounatsos: Good morning, everyone. And thank you for joining us. We continue to view 2021 as a transformational year for our Company. We are satisfied with our 2021 pipeline accomplishments and the continued operational performance of the Company. However, we are obviously disappointed. We did delayed UpStake of ADUHELM in the U.S. We had solid financial results for the third quarter with a total revenue of $2.8 billion and non-GAAP EPS of $4.77. Biogen has continued to execute well and demonstrate resilience across MS, SMA, and Biosimilars despite competition. Mike will provide more details on our financial results and I will focus primarily on ADUHELM. We continue to believe in ADUHELM long-term potential and this quarter we continue to progress the launch in the U.S. in anticipation of the reimbursement decision for Medicare patients. We are working through the three near-term challenges we have previously described with a core focus on enabling patient's access. Importantly, we have made steady progress on key metrics, but the healthcare system remains a major bottleneck. In particular, the lack of clarity on reimbursement has delayed patient access to the first treatment to address an underlying pathology of Alzheimer's disease, which is reasonably likely to predict clinical benefit. We look forward to the upcoming Medicare national coverage determination expected by next April, which would clarify Medicare reimbursement for the entire class of antibodies directed against amyloid. The NCD is a rigorous process involving a number of consultation. And we understand this is required for this new class of drugs for Alzheimer's. However, keep in mind this will delay access for many patients by approximately 300 days from approval. Biogen is acting with urgency across the 3 strategic priorities as we work to support access for patients. First, we are working to improve the communities understanding of our clinical data. As a reminder, the Phase 3 emerged study met its pre -specified primary and secondary endpoints, showing a significant reduction in clinical decline. Patients who receive high-dose ADUHELM experience significant benefits on measure of cognition and function, including activities of daily living. Although, the other Phase 3 study engaged did not meet its primary endpoint analysis for both studies demonstrated that higher exposure to ADUHELM were associated with greater reduction clinical decline. We have submitted these Phase III results to a top tier journal with the manuscript now under peer review, In addition to predication on our data. And we will continue to generate additional data. We launched ICARE AD the first real world observational Phase IV study in Alzheimer's disease designed to evaluate the safety and effectiveness of ADUHELM in clinical practice. We have submitted a draft protocol to the FDA for the required Phase IV confirmatory study. We have fully resource this study with the goal of completing it ahead of schedule. In addition to presenting ADUHELM data at this shows AIC meeting, the embark baseline data have been accepted for presentation at next month's CTAD meeting, which will provide important information regarding the impact of GAAP in treatments. Furthermore, we also plan to present important new plasma phosphorylated data from emergent engage that highlighted the downstream effect of aducanumab as soon as possible. Overall, the approval of ADUHELM was supported by a significant dataset from 8 studies, with more than 3,000 patients. And we look forward to continuing to generate additional data to support the clinical profile of ADUHELM. Our second priority is to approximately ship off development of the necessary infrastructure. At launch, we established a with LabCorp and Mayo Clinic laboratories for amyloid beta CSF testing. Throughout the quarter, we saw a continuous increase in the number of patients utilizing this hum. We also continue to advocate for reimbursement of amyloid PET imaging. Furthermore, we are continuing to see additional sites come online with approximately 120 sites, now treating patients with ADUHELM and many more sites in progress. And third, to clarify reimbursement as we wait to the NCD decision for this class of antibodies, we have obtained the dominant ADUHELM J code becoming active in January of next year and hope this will help simplify the coding process for healthcare providers. Looking forward in addition to presenting and publishing the data that I previously mentioned, the most significant near-term milestones will be the outcome of the NCD for antibodies directed against amyloid. We expect a draft decision in January following by a final decision in April of 2022. In Alzheimer's, more broadly, our partner, Eisai recently initiated the FDA rolling submission for Lecanemab BLA under the accelerated approval pathway following the receipt of breakthrough therapy designation in the use of the anti-amyloid antibodies, that are either approved or in late-stage development. Biogen and Eisai have the opportunity to provide patients with 2 out of the 4 potential options. With the first FDA -approved therapy to address an underlying pathology of Alzheimer's disease, the potential to bring Lecanemab promising pipeline programs such as BIIB080. and with the benefit of digital technologies, we believe Biogen is well-positioned to remain long-term leader in Alzheimer's disease. Moving beyond Alzheimer's disease, together with our partners at Sage, we continue to make progress towards bringing a potential novel therapeutic options to patients suffering from depression. We recently obtained positive data from a Phase 2 study in Japan representing the third positive placebo-controlled study for Zuranolone and MDD. In addition, we announced our plans to initiate a filing in the U.S. Lastly, we recently reported data from the Veloce Phase III study of focusing in ALS. Although the Veloce study did not meet the primary endpoint, signs of reduced disease progression across multiple endpoints were observed. We are encouraged by this study of the evidence and are engage with regulators on next steps, following discussion with investigators Bio ACC, and having the listened to the voice of patient advocacy groups, we intend to expand the early access program and to the broader population of individuals leaving with SOD1 ALS. We believe these recent developments represents a significant step forward in our goal of transforming Biogen from Westworld once NMX Company to one that is built upon the multi-franchises portfolio across a broad spectrum of neuroscience areas. I would now like to turn the call over to Al for a more detailed update on our progress in R&D.
Al Sandrock: Thank you, Michelle, and good morning, everyone. As always, I'd like to start by thanking the Biogen team for their hard work as we continue to advance our R&D programs. In addition to key readouts and major depressive disorder and ALS. we hosted an R&D Investor Day to tell you about our pipeline programs, research capabilities, and expertise. I encourage you to take a look at these presentations on our website. Let me now start with Alzheimer's disease, beginning with aducanumab. At the R&D Day presentation earlier this month, I underscored the importance of determining the relationship between drug to biology, as well as biology to disease during the drug development process. In late June, FDA made data from the drug approval package of ADUHELM publicly available. The clinical pharmacology review, included in the approval package, addresses some of these key relationships as shown in the next 2 slides. This first slide shows the relationship between the amyloid plaque burden as measured by the observed SUVR Score versus drug exposure as measured by the predicted cumulative AUC, both at week 78, taking into account all of the data from both Phase 3 trials of aducanumab. The relationship between exposure to aducanumab and amyloid plaque reduction is consistent across the two studies, and shows that amyloid plaque burden decreases as the cumulative drug exposure increases. The next slide shows another figure from the same document, which plots the relationship between the reduction in amyloid plaque burden as measured by SUVR and the preservation of clinical function as measured by the CDR sum of boxes across multiple dose levels of several anti-beta antibodies. Studies 301 and 302 are referred to a study 2 and study 1, respectively, in the ADUHELM label. When viewed together, these data from 6 different anti-amyloid antibodies showed that there is an association between amyloid plaque reduction and the reduction in clinical decline. And that greater degrees of amyloid plaque reduction are needed for a reduction in clinical decline. At the annual AAIC meeting in July, we presented additional data from the EMERGE, ENGAGE, and PRIME trials, which show that aducanumab treatment led to a reduction in amyloid plaques, as well as downstream biomarkers of Alzheimer's disease pathophysiology. And that this also led to a slowing of clinical decline. We're looking forward to presenting more data from our aducanumab trials, including the baseline data from the EMBARK study at the upcoming CTAD meeting next month in Boston. We're also looking forward to presenting at the earliest possible opportunity at a scientific venue, new data on plasma P181 towel, reflecting the downstream biological and clinical effects of aducanumab, which I believe will be of great interest to scientists and clinicians. By way of reminder, amyloid plaques containing A Beta protein and neurofibrillary tangles containing phosphorylated towel are the defining pathophysiologic features of Alzheimer's disease. Finally, I'm happy to say that we are on track to soon publish the Phase III aducanumab trial results in a major peer reviewed journal. This quarter we also submitted a draft protocol for the required Phase IV confirmatory trial of aducanumab to the FDA. As I have said before, we have fully resourced to study and aim to complete it ahead of schedule. The key goal of the confirmatory study is to ensure that we have enrolled appropriate numbers of Alzheimer's disease patients from underrepresented populations. It is estimated that by 2030, nearly 40% of all Americans living with Alzheimer's disease will be African American or Latinx. And therefore, having sufficient participation of these communities is especially important to reflect the diversity of the disease in the real world. Through the P hase 4 confirmatory study, as well as ICARE AD, we aim to provide further evidence of the clinical benefits and risks associated with aducanumab treatments. Outside of the United States, we're under regulatory review in multiple geographies, including the EU, where we are actively preparing for a scientific advisory group meeting as part of the CHMP review process. Turning to Lecanemab, we're looking forward to when we can potentially provide two amyloid antibody options for Alzheimer's disease patients. As previously announced, our collaboration partner ESG PSI, recently initiated a rolling submission of Lecanemab data to the FDA for potential accelerated approval. We expect this submission to be complete sometime in 2022. Moving to MS, we presented new data at the Annual ECTRIMS meeting last week, including primary results from the nova phase 3b study evaluating the efficacy of TYSABRI extended interval dose versus the approved every 4 weeks dosing. A real-world claims-based analysis of relapse and hospitalization rates and MS Patients treated with Natalizumab versus ocrelizumab. A new analysis of the evolved MS -2 data focusing on the impact of dose titration on the GI powerability of VUMERITY relative to TECFIDERA and data from the MS paths showing that 100% of people with MS treated with Natalizumab interferon's or fumarates, achieved an antibody response following COVID-19 vaccination as compared to 40% of MS patients treated with anti-CD20 or S1P therapies. With respect to the introduction of VUMERITY in the EU, we were happy to learn of the approval in Switzerland, as well as the positive CHMP opinion and look forward to the final EMA decision. In neuropsychiatry, we were excited to see the results of the Phase II study of Zuranolone in major depressive disorder, recently completed by Shionogi. The Phase II trial was similar in design to the other studies evaluating Zuranolone and MDD, and compared 20 milligram and 30 milligram doses of Zuranolone to placebo in Japanese patients with MDD. The results of this study further support the safety and efficacy profile of Zuranolone in that it demonstrated rapid onset and significant reductions in the Hamby 17 score at Day 3, Day 8, and Day 15. Additionally, while not statistically significant, we see separation from placebo for both the 20 and 30 milligram Zuranolone treatment arms. Out today 57. All adverse events in the study were mild to moderate and consistent with the known safety profile of Zuranolone. The Shionogi study is now the third double-blind placebo-controlled trial evaluating Zuranolone in ran in MDD where the primary endpoint of the change in the Hamdy score at day 15 was met. These results and MDD are in addition to the efficacy of Zuranolone in PPD as observed in the Robbins study. Given the consistent results observed across the Zuranolone trials, Biogen and Sage have announced plans to submit an NDA to the FDA in the second half of 2022. The planned initial submission package will be used to seek approval of Zuranolone for the treatment of major depressive disorder, and an additional filing for postpartum depression is anticipated in the first half of 2023. Additionally, the CORAL study designed to evaluate Zuranolone as an acute rapid response therapy when co-initiated standard antidepressants therapy, is now fully enrolled with top line data expected in early 2022. Moving to neuro -muscular disorders. Earlier this week, we announced results from the pivotal Phase III study evaluating to a person and people with SOD1 mediated ALS. The Phase III, or valor study, utilized the study in Richmond approach to stratify participants into faster and slower progressing cohorts. We were disappointed when we learned that the study did not meet the primary endpoint of a statistically significant change from baseline to week 28 in the ALS functional rating scale in the faster progressing population. Nevertheless, we did observe encouraging trends favoring to first and across multiple secondary and exploratory measures of biological and clinical activity, including assessments of motor function, respiratory function, muscle strength, and quality of life. More over, a pre -specified integration of data from the Phase 3 study and its ongoing open-label extension study reinforced these findings and showed that early to first initiation lead to a slower decline across these measures. Beyond the clinical measures, we observed reductions in CSF SOD1 as compared to placebo, suggesting target engagement was achieved. Moreover, on the key secondary endpoint of a change in plasma neurofilament light, a potential marker of neuron will be generation. We observed reductions of 67% in the faster progressing patients, and 40% -- 48% in the slower progressing patients with the first in treatment relative to placebo. To our knowledge, this represents the greatest reductions in plasma neurofilament levels ever observed in an ALS clinical trial. Most adverse events in the Phase III study were mild-to-moderate in severity, and many were consistent with ALS disease progression, or lumbar puncture related events. Serious adverse events, including transverse myelitis we're seeing in some patients receiving to person. Based on the results of the Phase III study, we are actively engaging regulators, the medical community, patient advocacy groups, and other key stakeholders around the world to determine next steps for the person. Additionally, following discussions with key medical experts and emphasis, we plan to provide early access after first and to all eligible SOD1 ALS patients through an expanded access program. Given the possible importance of early treatment of SOD1 ALS, we continue to enroll patients in the outlet study. A Phase 3 trial of the first initiated in clinically pre -symptomatic SOD1 mutation carriers. Our hope is that treating patients earlier in the disease may provide the best opportunity to slow or even delay the onset of this terrible disease. Also in neuromuscular disorders, this quarter we announced our plans to initiate acsend of Phase 3b study, which aims to evaluate whether treatment with an investigational higher dose of nusinersen has the potential to improve clinical outcomes in patients previously treated with risdiplam. Our SPINRAZA data indicate that exposure remains similar as patients age and grow. We're also advancing the ongoing devote study, evaluating the safety and efficacy of higher exposures of SPINRAZA, as our pre-clinical studies indicate that we ought to be able to safely increase its dose. With the devout and ascend studies we helped to be able to further inform SMA treatment and address the remaining unmet needs of patients. In summary, as I described during our recent R&D Investor Day, we believe the science is breaking and that this is exactly the right time to be pioneers in neuroscience. By leveraging a deep understanding of human genetics and disease biology, we are working to usher in the future of neurotherapeutics, where we identify the right patients and treat early, perhaps even before the onset of symptoms to meaningfully delay or even prevent disease progression. I will now turn the call over to Mike.
Mike McDonnell: Thank you, Al. We're very pleased with our third quarter results as we continue to execute well. As we move forward, we remain fully focused on our core business, including the launch of ADUHELM in the United States. Total revenue for the third quarter of $2.8 billion declined 18% versus the prior year at both actual and constant currency and reflects the impact of TECFIDERA generics. Total MIS revenue for the third quarter was $1.8 billion inclusive of Opiamas royalties. Looking at some of the individual products within MS Global TECFIDERA revenue for the third quarter was $499 million. In the U.S. third quarter revenue of $179 million was flat versus the prior quarter with lower volume offset by a decrease in discounts and allowances. We expect TECFIDERA revenue in the U.S. to decline going forward. Outside of the U.S., third quarter TECFIDERA revenue of $319 million increased by 13% versus the prior year was 7% underlying patient growth. We were pleased with the continued ramp in VUMERITY revenue from $91 million in the second quarter to $121 million in the third quarter. We are also pleased that VUMERITY received a positive CHMP opinion in the EU, as well as full regulatory approval in Switzerland. TYSABRI, third quarter global revenue of $523 million increased 1% versus the prior year, notwithstanding some negative channel dynamics in the United States. We were pleased to see 7% growth in global TYSABRI patients. And we believe TYSABRI remains well-positioned to play an increasingly important role in the treatment of MS with initiatives including subcutaneous administration and extended interval dosing. We are also encouraged by the new data on COVID vaccinations that Al mentioned. Moving to SMA, global third quarter SPINRAZA revenue of $444 million decreased by 10% versus the prior year. In the U.S., SPINRAZA revenue of $140 million decreased by 23% versus the prior year as we see continued impact from competition. However, we were encouraged to see that this continuation decreased versus the second quarter of this year. Outside the U.S., SPINRAZA revenue decreased 2% versus the prior year due to competition and pricing pressure in Europe, partially offset by growth in regions outside of Europe. As a reminder, Q1 and Q2 2021 SPINRAZA revenue outside the U.S. benefited from accelerated shipments. With overall market growth, continued data generation, the efficacy and safety profile in all age groups, and further geographic expansion. We continue to believe that's been can return to growth over the medium to long term. Total ADUHELM revenue for the third quarter, it was $300,000 as we saw, wholesalers gradually draw down inventory purchased in Q2 for the 3 main reasons Michel discussed, UpStake has been delayed. I would refer you to this slide as well as slides in the appendix for details on the accounting with Eisai and Neurimmune, which differs depending on geography. Moving on to our Biosimilars business, third quarter revenue of $203 million decreased by 2% versus the prior year as we continued to be negatively impacted by pricing pressure as well as the COVID-19 pandemic. We're excited that Bioviz was approved in the U.S., EU, and UK, and believe that we have the opportunity to continue to grow our Biosimilars business by commercializing new products and entering new geographies such as the U.S. Total anti-CD20 revenue in the third quarter of $415 million decreased 26% versus the prior year. This decline was primarily driven by the decline in RITUXAN revenue, as we see continued impact from Biosimilars, a trend that we expect going forward. Total other revenue in the third quarter of $158 million increased 26% versus the prior year. Other revenue in the quarter benefited from the timing of shipments related to contract manufacturing. Third quarter gross margin was 82% of revenue down slightly from 83% in the prior quarter, and down from 87% in Q3 of 2020. The reduction in gross margin versus the prior year was primarily due to the declines in TECFIDERA and RITUXAN, both of which are high-margin products. We expect continued downward pressure on gross margins going forward. Moving now to expenses in the balance sheet, third quarter, non-GAAP, R&D expense was $702 million, which included a $125 million upfront payment related to our collaboration with InnoCare. Non-GAAP SG &A was $651 million, including approximately $135 million related to ADUHELM. Note that beginning in the second quarter, Eisai's reimbursement of US SG &A costs is reflected in the collaboration profit sharing line. Third quarter collaboration profit sharing was a net expense of $21 million, which includes the reimbursement of $51 million from Eisai related to the commercialization of ADUHELM in the U.S. Our effective non-GAAP tax rate for the quarter was approximately 14% versus approximately 19% in the third quarter of last year. Third Quarter, non-GAAP loss attributable to non-controlling interest was $11 million. As a reminder, ADUHELM royalties and commercial launch milestones paid to Neurimmune will be reflected in this line. Eisai 's reimbursement for these items will be reflected in collaboration profit sharing. During the quarter, we repurchased 2.2 million shares of the Company's common stock for $750 million. As of September 30, 2021, there was $2.8 billion remaining under the share repurchase program authorized in October of 2020, our weighted average diluted share count was approximately 149 million shares for the quarter. non-GAAP diluted earnings per share in the third quarter was $4.77. In the third quarter, we generated approximately $805 million in cash flow from operations. Capex was $42 million and free cash flow was approximately $763 million dollars. We ended the quarter was $7.3 billion in debt, $3.9 billion in cash and marketable securities, and $3.3 billion in net debt. In addition, our $1 billion revolving credit facility was undrawn as of the end of Q3. Overall, we remain in a very strong financial position with significant cash and financial capacity to grow the business over the long term. Let me now turn to our updated full year guidance for 2021. We are increasing our full-year 2021 revenue guidance from our previous range of 10.65 billion to $10.85 billion to a new range of 10.8 billion to $10.9 billion primarily as a result of stronger MS Performance. We are increasing our non-GAAP diluted EPS guidance from our previous range of $17.50 to $19 to a new range of $18.85 to $19.35 primarily driven by the revenue upside I just mentioned. We are lowering our capital expenditure guidance from a previous range of $375 million to $425 million to a new range of $250 million to $300 million primarily as a result of delayed spend on certain projects, including some which have been impacted by COVID-19. Our guidance assumes minimal ADUHELM revenue in 2021. We continue to expect revenue to start ramping in 2022 and beyond, particularly after the NCD decision in April, assuming a positive outcome. We expect continued declines in both TECFIDERA and RITUXAN in the U.S. and that the decrease revenue from these high-margin products will put pressure on our gross margin percentage. Full-year non-GAAP, R&D expenses are expected to be between $2.45 billion and $2.55 billion, this range is consistent with our previous guidance. Full-year non-GAAP SG &A expenses are expected to be between $2.6 billion and $2.7 billion. This range is consistent with our previous guidance and includes an approximate $500 million ADUHELM investment. Of this amount, approximately $150 million would be reimbursable by Eisai as reflected as collaboration, profit sharing effective April 1st and not part of SG&A this ADUHELM investments are slightly less than our previous estimates. We will continue to actively manage the pace of this spend. This annual SG&A range also assumes a seasonally higher spending Q4, consistent with previous years. I would refer you to our press release for other important guidance assumptions. In closing, we're very pleased with our financial performance and are very focused on the ADUHELM launch. We remain in a very strong financial position with significant cash, modest leverage, and a business that generates significant free cash flow. We believe these dynamics position us well to continue to grow the business over the long term. I will now turn the call back over to Michelle for his closing comments.
Michel Vounatsos: Thank you, Mike. Biogen continue to demonstrate resilience and strong execution in the third quarter of the year, providing a solid foundation for the Company as we make progress on the ADUHELM launch ahead of the important data releases and publications in addition to the NCD decision for the class of anti-amyloid antibodies anticipated next April. We believe ADUHELM will have present a significant step in the fight against Alzheimer's disease, as the first FDA -approved treatment to adverse defined pathology of the disease, which is reasonably likely to predict clinical benefit. We know that patients suffering right now from the disease, and it is those patients we keep in mind as we work to support access. In fact, at the CTAD meeting next month, we'll be presenting an analysis showing that without access, everyday that passes we estimate that over a thousand Americans move from mild to moderate Alzheimer's dementia, and therefore may no longer be appropriate for initiation of treatment with ADUHELM. As many have observed, our current sytem so far falls short in diagnosing and intervening in the disease. In addition, Alzheimer's disease is a particularly acute issue of inequality as African Americans are up to 3 times more likely and Latin X individuals are 1.5 times more likely to have Alzheimer's disease when compared to others. We understand the seriousness of the issue and that inclusion of under-represented population in drug development is often low, including in our Alzheimer's clinical trial. We also know that we have work to do and a role to play in correcting this. For that reasons the design of ICARE AD, our real-world Phase IV observational study of ADUHELM, aims to include at least 16% of the trial's expected enrollment from Black, African American, and Latin X patients. In closing, I would like to thank our employees around the world who have demonstrated a dedication to making a positive impact on patient's lives and all of the physicians, caregivers, and participants in our clinical development programs. Our ability to deliver medicines to patients could not be realized without the passion and commitment. We will now open the call for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, please limit yourself to one question. [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Robyn Karnauskas.
Robyn Karnauskas: Thanks for taking for taking my question. I think a lot of us have struggled with some of the headlines coming from doctors about how they do not want to give the drug. And I understand that you are highlighting, you know, the NCD, decision as the core crops for a lack of reimbursement. If you talk a little bit about how are you going to convince doctors even if you have a positive NCD decision to give the drug to patients and is that something that we're seeing it in the headlines? Is that something that you're dealing with? Is that a core block for uptake of the drug?
Michel Vounatsos: Absolutely, it's running to -- it's -- actually the first priority that we have is to basically educate the community based on additional data on the current data communicated and additional data that we're going to communicate and publish in the near future. They also expect to see a full publication in peer reviewed journal. And sometimes, this is brought forward, but also the worry is the financial release dividends or the lack of. So those issues are interrelated. I will ask Alisha to say a bit more.
Alisha Alaimo: Thank you, Michel, and thank you, Robyn, for the question. This is actually not an exact science and what we believe in what we're hearing is that the majority of prescribers actually fall into a combination of two categories. The first is going to be around the benefit risk profile, which of course you are reading about and the question refers to in the second is also what we referred to, which is the hesitancy due to the NCD analysis. However, there are a meaningful portion of prescribers that are still undecided. So those are some of the headlines. We do have a very large bucket that haven't made a decision one way or another. And this is why we have multiple teams working every single day and working very hard to help educate sites in HCP in our clinical data, and on the reimbursement pathways, which you know are very complex. And Michel references also in his opening statements, but we're working with urgency because the cost of doing nothing is also well understood. And Michel mentioned that we estimate that a thousand patients a day advanced in their Alzheimer's journey, from mild to moderate AD, and they may no longer be appropriate for ADUHELM. So we are really committed to being a part of the solution. And that's what motivates us each and every day. And as soon as we get more data, we will be sure to share it because we understand where the question is coming from. So thank you.
Michel Vounatsos: We believe, Robyn, that evidence not only coming from ADU but also potentially from all the anti-amyloid products will represent a significant body of evidence for those who are initiating and challenging the amyloid. And we are also very encouraged by the data on ADUHELM. We continue to spend very strong behind our data. That's why it was really in dispute 2 or 3 times. So more to come.
Operator: Thank you. We'll take our question from the line of Michael Yee with Jefferies.
Michael Yee: Good morning and thank you for the update. Appreciating that you commented that the NCD, of course, is an important milestone. Can you comment around your view around what the scenarios would be and what you believe a positive NCD outcome is, and how important pet reimbursement would be as a part of that positive outcome. Thank you.
Michel Vounatsos: Thank you, Mike and Michael. And as you know, we are advocating for PET reimbursement since many months and Alisha, will provide more color on the different options. Alisha, in terms of NCD,
Alisha Alaimo: Yeah.Thank you, Michel and thank you Michael for your question. So it's important to remember as we've stated that then NCD is not only for ADUHELM, right. It's going to be for the entire class of monoclonal antibodies that target amyloid for the treatment of Alzheimer's disease. Now, we can't actually speculate on the outcome of the NCD analysis. But as you know, we do believe it will be a major milestone and this will alleviate a lot of the confusion that we're seeing with physicians. However, there are 5 potential outcomes and I think the 3 that people mostly talked about, are most interested in, are one being a new coverage decision. The second is going to be coverage with evidence, which we call CED, and the other will be coverage with restrictions. And if you look at history and you look in the past over the last past 20 years, there's only been 12 that have gone through this process. One was a non-coverage, one was an off-label for CED, and the other ten were basically covered indication. So even though we can't really comment on it, we are in this rigorous process, we are replying to them anytime that they need additional data. But just remember that all manufacturers are in this process together.
Michel Vounatsos: Next question.
Operator: Thank you. We'll take our next question from the line of Cory Kasimov with JPMorgan.
Cory Kasimov : Hey. Good morning, guys. Thank you for taking my question. I guess that we're all waiting for the NCD. But at this stage of the launch, is there any consideration at all being given to changing the gross price of ADUHELM, given how difficult initial traction has been, or do you think that's not a key impediment in all of this?
Michel Vounatsos: I think that NCD is critical, data dissemination is even more, and one is interrelated to the other. And when we look at the metrics -- strategic metrics, market research, the price doesn't come up as the first worry. We have strong rationale. We clearly disagree with the underlying assumption of Eisai's assessment inappropriate putting up data, this mystic assumptions on long-term efficacy, and many more. And I don't think we are the only one in the industry. Okay. So obviously, we have always the opportunity to fine tune our pricing and we keep that as an option. But first is data and data is interrelated obviously with the decision for NCD and infrastructure is also in the meantime progressing. Alisha, do you want to say a feedback on the issue of price?
Alisha Alaimo: Yes. Thank you, Michel. And thank you Cory, for the question. And Michel 's absolutely right. While price is always an important factor for sites and for patients, what I can share with you is that we have not heard that price is the primary driver for any decision not to treat patients. In fact, the headwind that we're facing are the ones Michel has mentioned and that you clearly also read in the press every day and you probably see when you are reporting with your analysts reports. But as with other therapies, if patients think they might face difficulty affording ADUHELM, we do have financial assistance programs that are available that can help these patients. So if reimbursement or affordability or potential concerns, we hope that our programs can provide really a potential pathway for them because we do believe that a lack of financial means should not be a barrier for patients to access ADUHELM.
Michel Vounatsos: And importantly, Cory, you'll remember that at launch, day 1, we did give the hand to decision-makers for innovative contract, for price falling but limited to on a voluntary basis in order to secure sustainability. And remember, it's not 6 million patients, even not one to choose, it's a portion of those that will be gradually treated. So we did offer that and decision-makers and TMS are aware, but now it's the NCD process. So we stepped back and we respect this process. But the offer is out there. Next question.
Operator: Thank you. We'll take our next question from the line of Marc Goodman with SVB Leerink.
Marc Goodman: Good morning. My question's on Zuranolone. Moving forward with this product is a 2-week treatment course implies a pretty significant kind of cost per pill. And basically it would be really an all-in strategy on a paradigm shift in depression treatment, which seems a little bit risky. I'm just curious about the market research that you've done, and the the conversations you've had with psychiatrist to know that they have a buy-in and this is a good strategy and this is going to really be successful. Obviously, the product works pretty quickly, which is an opinion of itself important, but the two-week treatment course would be very, very different. Thanks.
Michel Vounatsos: What is important is that eventually we will be in a position to transform the management of major depressive disorders and postpartum depression. And for the time being, we're driven by science, readouts and the addition date that we get, I must admit that we didn't have yet a discussion on price while I know that the team starts to build data and market research, evidence to be ready should the data confirm. But we are pleased with the 3 placebo control results going into the same direction.
Al Sandrock: Yes. Thanks, Mark. It is a paradigm shift in a different way of thinking for psychiatrists. So there will be a lot of education necessary, assuming we do get approval. I think that though that the current standard of care is to use SSRIs or SNRIs that takes weeks, if not more than a month for them to work and in patients stay on them chronically, often with side effects. And that's not a great situation. And the reason why people stay on them chronically is because there's slow onset of action. So having a two-week treatment course where you can then take the drug as needed is a very different way of thinking. And I think would be attractive to many treating physicians. And the fact that its rapid onset allows people to give the two-week treatment and wait for the next as-needed treatment because they know, they can be reassured that within three days of starting they see efficacy -- they will see efficacy in their patients. It is a different way of thinking, but I think it's very, very exciting.
Michel Vounatsos: Next question.
Operator: Well, take our next question from the line of Matthew Harrison with Morgan Stanley.
Matthew Harrison: Good morning. Thanks for taking my question. Al, I was wondering if you could comment and just remind us around the differences in the BAN2401 Phase III study versus the ADUHELM studies. And the context here is, how important do you think a successful Phase III study is for BAN2401 next year, especially in terms of changing physician perception around ADUHELM and anti - amyloid drugs. Thank you.
Al Sandrock: I think it's very important, Matthew, because as has already been stated, doctors are uncertain about the benefit risk. And as Michel said, the data that comes not only from aducanumab, but from all of these anti-A beta antibodies that share the characteristic of being able to greatly reduce amyloid burden. That'll be very important. The difference -- there are more similarities and differences between aducanumab and Lecanemab both bind to aggregated forms of A beta, both reduce amyloid plaque burden quite substantially. The differences are that there's no titration needed for Lecanemab. And the rates of ARIA up at the at the present time do seem to be low. We'll find out in the Phase III study, but they seem to be lower than the rates of ARIA with
Mike McDonnell: Aducanumab and it's given every two weeks. And look, the design of the Phase 3 trial to your question is very similar to the design of the aducanumab Phase 3 trials. For example, the primary endpoint is CDR sum of boxes, which is the established clinical efficacy measure for this disease.
Michel Vounatsos: Next question.
Operator: Thank you. We'll take our next question from the line of Geoff Meacham with Bank of America.
Geoff Meacham: Morning guys. It's Jeff, thanks for the question. Just had another one on ADUHELM. Prior to approval, you guys have talked about expansion of manufacturing capacity and investing pretty heavily in the commercial aspect for the launch. I guess the question is: Has a strategy change just given the pace of the roll out? I am just trying to get a sense for whether it's more of a holding pattern before the April NCD or are you guys going to remain aggressive on the investments that you're making in the ADUHELM launch. Thank you.
Michel Vounatsos: Thanks for the great question. We stay the course as a Company clearly, because it's as if we were in a delayed pre -launch -- in an extended pre -launch period before the launch. And we stayed the course. Obviously we are staging the spent very closely. Mike and I and the team are scrutinizing the investments request coming from all around the world. So we want to be extremely vigilant and we are but we stay the course because we do believe in our data, we do believe in additional data coming up, and we do believe that the system will adjust and it's a matter of maybe of time. You saw on the slide presented that maybe it's a clear process. We are not far from being there and so we stay the course.
Mike McDonnell: Yes, Jeff, it's a great question. And I would describe it as a gating process. We continue to believe in the long-term potential of ADUHELM. And at the same time because of the delays, we're going to gate the spend. So we're still making a meaningful investment to the tune of an estimate of $500 million of SG&A call it 350 net of reimbursement in 2021. The Capex, some of that does tie to facilities to support ADUHELM and we're gaining that. Most of the reduction in our Capex guidance ties to timing and we're also managing a challenge global supply chain right now a little bit. So we're going to be prudent and we're going to gate, but we're going to continue to be ready at the moment in time and invest aggressively. But at the same time being prudent in gating, as we go.
Michel Vounatsos: And it's a pre -launch somehow -- extended pre -launch but we're encouraged by the progress, 120 centers that are enhancing ADUHELM and this is more than double than months ago, Alisha. So there is a lot of progress and if there are some large institutions that deny it, they want more data and we'll be there in a few weeks. So it's a process that's unfortunately taking longer than we expected but we have to be resilient and the signal we want to send that we believe because we know the data and we see the progress. So that's our perfect time.
Mike McDonnell: Next question, please.
Operator: We'll take our next question from the line of Umer Raffat with Evercore.
Umer Raffat: Hi guys, thanks for taking my questions. I have two parts if I may. So first, Mike and Michel at very helpful commentary on helping us model out ADUHELM for the balance of 2021 but streets still carrying a billion dollars in U.S. ADUHELM for 2022, which basically implies north of 75,000 new starts on ADUHELM next year in U.S. Most would argue 75,000 new starts for next year is probably too high. But I guess since we're trying to level set today, is 25,000 new starts for next year too high an expectation and then also Michel, I feel like as we're heading into the BAN2401 PDUFA, it feels like there wasn't enough street discourse between Biogen Management in the street ahead of ADUHELM pricing. I wonder, is it, is it reasonable for street to expect a ban 24 one price point which is more consistent with our Alzheimer's met. Thank you very much.
Mike McDonnell: So I will take the first part of the question, Umer. We're not guiding today for 2022, but I would say a couple of things. We did say that we expect minimal revenue throughout the rest of 2021. We are expecting still our revenue ramp in 2022 post - NCD assuming it is successful and that would be in April. So that should give you some sense for the first quarter. We're in a bit of a delay until that happens. We don't have great visibility to patient counts, which is why we don't comment on the publicly, but we did give you -- what we can say that the sites are continuing to progress. We're at approximately 120 sites now that have infused at least one patient, which is more than double what it was about six weeks ago. And we're going to continue to monitor those metrics and we'll ramp it as quickly as we can. But because of all the pieces, that does cause a bit of a delay and then the other important thing to remember is titration. So to the extent that we get through a successful NCD, there is still patient titration and dosing levels that need to ramp up. And so the revenue ramp is going to be gradual. But the important takeaway is that over the long-term we continue to leave that as a very meaningful multi-billion opportunity.
Michel Vounatsos: So we do believe that the uptake will certainly accelerate once the system has indication of potential coverage in January and then the final decision in April. But I don't expect that this uptake to be explosive at the same time. I don't expect this to be linear. We believe there will be an acceleration non-linear of the uptake because the patient journey is still long. And while we make tremendous progress and beyond the 120 centers, hundreds are progressing towards listing the product. It's a very gradual process. But we won't say more at this stage about the number of patients, but we'll have the opportunity to come back.
Mike McDonnell: And then on the band pricing that's something obviously we'll determine at the appropriate time and something that we'll be thoughtful about on. I'm not sure there's a whole lot more we can say about it at this stage, but we continue to progress the process there and we are pleased with the initiation of the rolling submission there.
Michel Vounatsos: Next question.
Operator: Thank you. We'll take our next question from the line of Ronny Gal with Bernstein.
Ronny Gal: Good morning. A question about the ADUHELM versus Lecanemab dynamics. If you got to look at slide 10 in your presentation, it does look like Lecanemab has at least the same benefit as ADUHELM does. And given this drug will have full people though, positive there presumably positive in third quarter of next year. It's a safer product and it isn't it the product you're taking into pre -symptomatic Alzheimers. I kind of wonder when you talk about ADUHELM being your growth driver longer-term, are we really saying it's either I'll do how are more Ban due for Align? Can you talk a little bit about the competitive dynamics of the two products. And could Ben to four. Elon end up being the major Alzheimer products that Biogen markets in the future years.
Michel Vounatsos: So we are delighted to see Lecanemab coming along strong with the -- it reached data base after ADUHELM and more than 600 patients, but it's only a Phase 2. So we need to see the Phase III. But it's certainly very positive and reinforcing and the line model faction and signals will have the opportunity and the luxury to have two assets. Importantly, I want to reiterate that we stand by the data for ADUHELM because we know the data, we see the data, we see the new data, and we have every confidence in the profile and the benefit in products for the long run. Now, with Leca, it's even a stronger position, but we need to wait for additional data. Al.
Al Sandrock: Yeah, I agree. In my experienced things look really, really good after Phase II sometimes. But then Phase III, it's a larger study, more sites, more countries, and so I think, time will tell. And then of course we will get the label, so I agree with Michel.
Mike Hencke: Next question, please.
Operator: Thank you. We'll take our next question from the line of Salim Zad with Missou.
Salim Zad: Great. Good morning, guys, and thanks so much for the color and detail. I had one on ADUHELM. So when we look at peak sales for ADUHELM, the street seems, like, the sell-side seems to be carrying around $9 billion in peak sales for this drug pill. And when I run the math here, it seems like that's more based on our chronic administration and usage of the product. But when we consider things like coverage with evidence and this product may not be, I think you guys have mentioned as well, in moderate patients it's no longer appropriate to use the product and that this is a significant portion or could be a significant portion of the Medicare Part B wallet. Should people be really looking at this more you think as an incidence-based model, in a duration of coverage cap coming out of the NCD, potentially?
Michel Vounatsos: I'm not sure people will look solely at the incident as if we're doing that for SMA or for HIV. I think Al will comment on that. We continue to stand behind the data and we believe the long-term prospects are significant in terms of value creation. We believe the competition will enlarge the market and the being so large that there is room for four actors and out of the four we have two and two global play also. And we're not panicking because -- it's not because the there is delaying in the U.S. because there is a process. The system is not ready. Evidently we can see that, but it's a long way to go. Al.
Al Sandrock: I think underlying your question is the possibility I think that you've proposed, that you could stop treatment after a certain period of time. And I refer you to the beautiful data generated by my colleagues today shown at the AAIC, where they took their Phase 2 trial patients and there was a treatment GAAP and they looked at them in there in the follow-on study. And during that treatment gap even though the amyloid plaque burden remained low in those in which amyloid plaque had been removed by Lecanemab, that during that treatment gap, A-beta 42 to 40 ratio changed slowly over that period, suggesting that there are changes going on biologically, related to the amyloid pathway during that gap period. So I think the jury is still out on whether or not chronic treatment is needed. And I think that remains to be studied and we look forward to providing more data on that.
Mike Hencke: We have time for I think one more question.
Operator: We'll take our last question from the line of Phil Nadeau with Cowen & Company.
Phil Nadeau: Morning. Thanks for fitting me in. A question on the sites that are activated. You mentioned that 120 sites are currently activated. We're curious to know how many you think you could have activate by the NCD decision in April? And also could you talk a little bit more about the challenges in opening those sites. Are the challenges the exact same as you see with the physicians or are there additional issues like the logistics around monitoring for area or giving the infusions? Thanks.
Michel Vounatsos: Alisha.
Alisha Alaimo: Yes. So thank you for the question, Phil. And I think when you take a step back and you look at the activated sites, that you know were right around 120 or more, and we do have several 100 that are in queue on this journey, right? So we're giving you a number that talks about the activated site, which means one patient's been infused. But it doesn't capture all the sites that are going to these multiple steps. The operational challenges are still the same. and when you really look at this, I mean being first and being a pioneer in this space has been overwhelming for the system and for these sites. They've never had a drug like this, ever for their patients. And writing their protocols, having to go through all the steps of finding where will they do an MRI, where -- how will they do the lumbar puncture and where they do their infusions has been taking them some time. I was talking to a couple of sites just last week and they've been trying to do this since June. So it's been taking them several months to get up and running. But when you think about our original strategy, which was focusing on the sites where the majority of our patient population have already been diagnosed, you do remember that over 900 sites were ready. So we believe that once we of course, get our additional data out, we share our data and the NCD outcome is finalized, those are going to be the majority of the sites that we will continue to focus on to get them up and running, and get patients through the system.
Michel Vounatsos: Thank you so much for attending the call today, Biogen delivered a very strong quarter again, the base business is solid. We're making some progress for as you can imagine, for ADUHELM, despite the short-term challenges we face. So what the key is the outlook and the mid-to-longer-term. We have a path forward for Zuranolone and we're getting prepared to launch Biosimilars of recently you see in the US in a few months from now. Thank you very much for attending the call exciting at Biogen.
Operator: This concludes today's call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2021 Q2  (2021-07-22 08:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning. My name is Qin (ph) and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Biogen Second Quarter Earnings Call and Financial Update. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a Question and Answer session. [Operator Instructions]  Thank you. I would now like to turn the conference over to Mr. Mike Hencke, Director, Investor Relation s. Mr. Hencke, you may begin your conference.
Mike Hencke: Good morning. And welcome to Biogen 's Second Quarter 2021 Earnings Call. Before we begin, I would encourage everyone to go to the Investors Section of biogen.com to find the earnings release and related financial tables, including our GAAP financial measures and a reconciliation of the GAAP to non-GAAP financial measures that we will discuss today.  Our GAAP financials are provided in Tables 1 and 2, and Table 4 includes a reconciliation of our GAAP to non-GAAP financial results. We believe non-GAAP financial results better represent the ongoing economics of our business and reflect how we manage the business internally. We have also posted slides on our website that follow the discussions related to this call.  I would like to point out that we will be making forward-looking statements which are based on our current expectations and beliefs. These statements are subject to certain risks and uncertainties, and our actual results may differ materially. I encourage you to consult the risk factors discussed in our SEC filings for additional detail.  On today's call, I am joined by our Chief Executive Officer, Michel Vounatsos, Dr. Al Sandrock, Head of Research and Development, and our CFO, Mike McDonnell. We will also be joined for the Q&A portion of our call by Chirfi Guindo, Head of Global Product Strategy and Commercialization, and Alisha Alaimo, President of our U.S. Organization.  As a reminder, during the Q&A portion of the call, we kindly ask that you limit yourself to 1 question. I will now turn the call over to Michel.
Michel Vounatsos: Good morning, everyone. And thank you for joining us. We have completed the first half of a transformative year for Biogen with progress across our Neuroscience Portfolio. However, I would like to start by addressing the confusion and criticism surrounding the recent approval of ADUHELM.  We are cognizant of the key issues raised by the community and are working to provide additional clarity through the following goals: exploring all options to maximize patient access including for the underserved population and those more at risk due to ethnicity, educating on the updated label language, which I will discuss, publishing our Phase 3 results in a peer-review ed journal and disseminating additional data to inform clinical practice including the management of ARIA, expediting the execution of the Phase 4 confirmatory study, and leveraging the unique data generation opportunity we have with EMBARK, the longest and most comprehensive longitudinal study for an Alzheimer's disease therapy.  Biogen stands behind our clinical data from 8 studies, with more than 3,000 patients that supported accelerated approval. As the FDA's current Chief stated publicly earlier this month, ADUHELM was approved appropriately on very solid grounds and represented the right thing to do for the patients.  I want to be clear that Biogen stands behind the integrity of the review process. Respectful dialogue between the industry and regulators is standout and essential to advance the understanding of the therapeutic data driving innovation, as demonstrated more recently by the COVID-19 vaccines development programs of last year.  We believe the accelerated approval pathway has transformed the treatment of oncology and now has the potential to transform the treatment of Alzheimer's disease. We appreciate the concerns about the price and are committed to ensure sustainability of the system and maximizing access for patients.  Without access, every day that passes we estimate that approximately 1,000 Americans move from the early stage of Alzheimer's to moderate or severe dementia, and therefore may no longer be appropriate for any session of treatment with ADUHELM.  This is why we are working with a sense of urgency to engage with the community, with payers, with CMS, and with policymakers to discuss potential innovative approaches with the goal of ensuring the price does not represent access issues for patients. With that said, I would like to focus on the fundamentals.  Another quarter with solid underlying financial performance that exceeded our expectation. The accelerated approval of ADUHELM for people suffering from Alzheimer's disease and key readouts across our diversified portfolio. First, the accelerated approval of ADUHELM represents the first new therapy for Alzheimer's disease in almost 20 years.  Biogen has a deep history of building new markets and delivering innovative and impactful therapies to patients in need. We pioneered and currently maintain the market-leading portfolio of therapies for MS. We delivered the first approved and market-leading therapy for SMA.  Now, with ADUHELM, we have the first approved therapy to address a defining pathology of Alzheimer's disease, which we believe represents a significant value creation opportunity for years to come.  To lead us in successfully executing on our long-term leadership strategy, I am pleased to announce that Rachid Izzar will be head of our newly created Alzheimer's Disease and Dementia business unit, and will join the Executive Committee of Biogen.  Rachid is currently in charge of Biogen's Intercontinental Region and our Biosimilars business unit. He's experienced across multiple geographies and global position will service well as he works to maximize our potential impact on the lives of people living with this devastating disease.  We have seen strong indications of very high initial patient interest in ADUHELM, as well as increased referrals from PCPs to specialist. However, it will take some time for sites to get up and running.  While some large centers have said they will refrain for now for administering ADUHELM to patients, many of the sites are moving forward with internal processes, such as pharmacy and therapeutics, or P&T committee review, with some accelerating faster than we had originally planned.  Of the 900 sites approximately, which we expected to be ready shortly after approval, we estimate that approximately 325, or 35% have completed a P&T review with a positive outcome or indicated that they won't retry a P&T review.  We have also seen some sites leverage external infusion centers if they face internal resistance or are waiting clarity on their facility's internal process. We continue to believe that, consistent with our clinical trials, more specialists will require confirmation of amyloid beta pathology, either via PET or CSF, which is also taking time to schedule and coordinate.  In terms of reimbursement, it is still the early days. And I am pleased to say that we have seen the first examples of Medicare Advantage plans approving pre-authorisation. We welcome the recent opening of the National Coverage Determination analysis by CMS for monoclonal antibodies targeting amyloid-beta, including ADUHELM.  We believe this process will provide additional clarity on coverage for Medicare beneficiaries and drive consistency of access across the country. We expect that regional Medicare Administrative Contractors and Medicare Advantage plans will provide coverage for ADUHELM while the NCD analysis is underway.  We believe that CMS 's swift decision to initiate the NCD analysis is a testament to the large unmet need in Alzheimer's disease and the urgency to clarify access for patients. We obtained new lable language for ADUHELM in July, to clarify, that treatment should be initiated in patients with mild cognitive impairment due to Alzheimer's disease or mild Alzheimer's dementia.  This is the population studied in our clinical trials, and where we generated clinical evidence as stated in Section 14 of the ADUHELM label. This updated language aligns with our consistent expectation that ADUHELM will be prescribed mainly by specialists for patients in the early stage of Alzheimer's disease.  And this update has been well received by the community, including prescribers, payers, and policymakers. Outside the U.S., we continue to engage with regulators regarding the ongoing review in Europe, Japan, and other markets, while also continuing to submit new regulatory filing around the world.  In addition, we are pursuing early access mechanisms wherever possible, including an early access program and a charge managed access program. We recognize that building a new market for Alzheimer's disease is an unprecedented undertaking, and that this is just the beginning of our journey as we aim to make ADUHELM, and potentially Lecanemab, accessible to patients around the world.  We believe our teams are well-equipped to successfully execute on a well-defined strategy aimed at long-term leadership for Biogen in Alzheimer's disease. Second, this quarter our pipeline delivered meaningful mid-to-late stage results in key areas including depression, stroke, and biosimilars.  The positive WATERFALL Phase 3 trial for zuranolone in major depressive disorder is a significant milestone towards bringing a differentiated potential treatment option to the 17 million patients suffering from depression in the U.S. alone. The observed rapid onset of benefit, in as soon as 3 days, in addition to a differentiated tolerability profile and 2-week dosing regimen underscore.  I would believe that if approved, zuranolone would be a multi-billion-dollar product. We were also excited to see positive data from the Phase 2a trial of TMS-007 in acute ischemic stroke. Stroke is the second leading cause of death worldwide, and those who survive may suffer irreversible damage of the brain.  We are highly encouraged by the results of the trial, and we immediately moved forward with executing the option to acquire TMS-007. Should both zuranolone and TMS-007 be approved, Biogen will be in a leadership position in offering novel therapies for Alzheimer's disease, the number one neurodegenerative disease; depression, one of the most common mental health disorder; and stroke, a leading cause of neurologic disability.  In addition to these readouts, we had a positive Phase 3 readout for our biosimilars referencing ACTEMRA. With this positive results in hand, we begin to prepare for a regulatory filing. As with any Company engaging in breakthrough science, we also had setbacks in some programs, including our anti-Tau antibody in Alzheimer's disease and our gene therapy programs in ophthalmology.  Third, we reported a solid quarter as we continue to execute well across our core business of MS, SMA, and biosimilars. And we are pleased to be raising our revenue guidance for the year, which Mike will discuss. Q2 overall MS revenue, including OCREVUS royalties, was $1.8 billion.  Putting aside the entry of TECFIDERA generics in the U.S., our broader MS business continued to demonstrate resilience with a 5% increase in patients worldwide. This performance underscore our ability to execute well.  We were very pleased to see continued revenue growth for VUMERITY, which remains the number 1 oral MS product in terms of new prescriptions in the U.S. We believe this performance is a testament to VUMERITY's strong product profile.  Given the progress of the VUMERITY 's launch-to-date, in addition to plan ned ex-U.S. launches, we believe VUMERITY can reach over $1 billion in annual sales over time. We also continue to invest in new potential treatment to address the remaining unmet medical needs for MS patients.  Last week, we announced a license and collaboration agreement with InnoCare for Orelabrutinib and innovative CNS penetrant Phase 2 BTK inhibitor for the potential treatment of all forms of MS. This transaction is subject to customary closing conditions. Next, SPINRAZA generated second quarter global revenues of $500 million.  While SPINRAZA is facing competition in the U.S., which has been exacerbated by the impact of COVID-19 pandemic, we were encouraged to see that SPINRAZA's discontinuation continue to decrease versus Q1 of this year. Total revenue in the U.S. was flat versus the prior quarter.  And SPINRAZA continued to perform very well outside the U.S., with 23% revenue growth versus Q2 of last year. SPINRAZA remains the market-leading treatment for SMA, and we stand behind SPINRAZA 's proven efficacy and well established safety profiles across all types of SMA.  In fact, our market research indicates that SPINRAZA 's perceived efficacy among adults has improved over the past year and exceeds the efficacy perception for therapeutic alternatives, including rizeplan. Although we face near-term competitive pressure in SMA, we believe SPINRAZA can continue to grow over the medium to long-term, both in the U.S. and globally, driven by overall market growth, the efficacy and safety profile in all age groups, continued data generation, particularly in older patients, and further geographic expansion.  Our Biosimilars business delivered revenue of $202 million this quarter. While we remained focused on executing against our currently market ed therapies, we also looked to expand our portfolio, including our recent collaboration with Biotech and a positive CHMP opinion for our biosimilar referencing LUCENTIS.  Fourth, we still have 2 key Phase 3 readouts anticipated in the remainder of 2021. This includes the Phase 3 study for Tofersen, potentially the first genetically targeted therapy for ALS, as well as an additional Phase 3 for zuranolone in major depressive disorder.  Given the incredible unmet medical need in ALS and encouraging results from the prior to present trial, we recently initiated an individual compassionate use program to provide Tofersen to the most rapidly progressing patients suffering from SOD1 ALS.  Taken together, these developments represent a significant step forward in our goal of transforming Biogen from what was once an MS Company, to one that is built upon a multi-franchise portfolio across a broad spectrum of neuroscience therapeutic areas. I would like now to turn the call over to Al for a more detailed update on our progress in R&D.
Al Sandrock: Thank you, Michel. I'd like to start by saying a few words about aducanumab. The accelerated approval of aducanumab has generated discussions reflecting a broad range of opinions, including about its efficacy, the FDA selection of the accelerated approval path, and the regulatory process in general.  Since June 7th, the FDA has made several clarifying statements on these topics. As always, we deferred to the FDA as the lead voice on such matters. They are the independent regulatory body charged with weighing the data expertly and dispassionately in order to make critical decisions that have the potential to impact millions of people.  But I thought it would be helpful to add our perspective about several of these topics, including our interactions with the agency. We are proud of the work our dedicated team has done to develop aducanumab and the hope it brings to patients with Alzheimer's disease.  We are equally proud of the professionalism both our team and the FDA demonstrated during a very lengthy process. We therefore welcome a formal review into the interactions between FDA and Biogen on the path to the approval of aducanumab.  A better understanding of the facts is good for everyone involved to assure confidence in both the therapy and the process by which it was approved. We will cooperate fully with the review, even as we prioritize the issues that affect patients.  I want to underscore that it is normal and appropriate for scientists and clinicians to discuss the data from experiments and clinical trials to debate and to disagree on the interpretation of the data. That is how science advances, and we welcome these discussions.  However, I would like to correct some of the misinformation we have seen recently. First, several people have stated that all anti-amyloid antibodies clear amyloid from the brain. This is factually incorrect.  First-generation anti-amyloid antibodies, such as bapineuzumab and solanezumab, are not specific for aggregated forms of A beta or target soluble and monomeric A beta, and crenezumab, being an IgG4, is deficient in effector function. As a result, these antibodies do not clear amyloid from the brain.  This slide shows the amyloid PET imaging results from the peer reviewed literature of these first-generation antibodies. Crenezumab and solanezumab had no significant difference from placebo on amyloid plaque burden. Bapineuzumab did a show a significant difference from placebo in the Phase 3 trials.  But this was largely driven by an unexplained increase in amyloid plaque burden in these placebo treated patients in the mild to moderate stage of Alzheimer's disease. We believe this increase in amyloid plaque in placebo patients must have been a superious result, as we now know that plaque buildup reaches a maximum by the time the patients have mild cognitive impairment.  In short, there is no evidence that the first-generation antibodies against Abeta actually removed amyloid plaque. There is no basis for using the failure of these antibodies as a reason not to approve aducanumab. We have also seen statements that all of aducanumab's results are post hoc; that is also factually incorrect.  The primary and secondary endpoints had been pre-specified in the Phase 3 trial protocols and statistical analysis plans before the first patient was enrolled into the trials. The aducanumab label shows the results on these pre-specified endpoints based on data that had already been collected at the sites by the time the trials were prematurely terminated on 03/21/2019.  Separately, some have contended that ARIA led to unblinding. We took great care to ensure that the neurologists who assess the clinical outcome measures did not know about the occurrence of ARIA. One way in which we assured ourselves that unblinding did not affect the results was to examine the clinical outcomes after ARIA was seen.  If ARIA had effective blinding, the results after ARIA might be expected to change. This slide shows that the results, excluding data that had been obtained after ARIA events, were the same as the overall results. Thus, we are confident that unblinding due to ARIA did not affect the results of the Phase 3 trial of aducanumab.  And finally, some people have opined that the approval of aducanumab would inhibit the development of other drugs for Alzheimer's disease. This statement is contradicted by precedent. Prime example that the history of drug approvals for HIV-AIDS, non-Hodgkin's lymphoma, and multiple sclerosis to name just a few.  In neurology, the first medicine ever approved for MS was in 1993 when when beta interferon received accelerated approval in the U.S.. Within the next several years, two other types of beta interferon were approved after controlled clinical trials showed that they slowed the progression of disability.  Today, there are more than 20 drugs approved for the treatment of MS, all of which reduce the risk of relapse, or slow the progression of disability, or both. All new molecular entities were approved based on randomized controlled clinical trials that continued to be conducted to this day, nearly 30 years after the accelerated approval of beta-interferon.  We believe a similar situation is just starting to unfold with Alzheimer's disease. Over the coming years, data will become available from Phase 3 trials of several second-generation antiamyloid antibodies which are capable of effectively removing amyloid plaque. And we also will have the results of the post-marketing trial of aducanumab.  These data should address any residual uncertainty surrounding the efficacy of this class. In the meantime, the main serious risk associated with aducanumab is ARIA. Based on data from the Phase 3 trial, ARIA, which is an amyloid -related imaging abnormality, occurred in 41% of patients who took aducanumab, 10 mg/kg, and 10% of patients who took placebo.  Of the patients taking aducanumab that experienced ARIA, 24% experienced clinical symptoms. In other words, about 10% of patients treated with the approved dose of aducanumab experienced symptomatic ARIA, serious symptoms were reported in 0.3% of patients. Alzheimer's disease is 100% fatal.  And before death, it robbed people of themselves. Should these additional clinical studies confirm that this class of drugs is effective in slowing clinical decline, as Michel mentioned, patients who lack access to aducanumab may no longer be appropriate for treatment. We have been discussing the aducanumab data for many months now.  Aducanumab was approved for use in the U.S. on June 7th, and the data are summarized clearly in the label. Our hope is for doctors to discuss the benefits and risks of taking aducanumab, with their patients and caregivers, based on rational analysis and accurate information.  We are doing what we can to provide that information to the prescribing community in a number of ways. First, we will continue to present at scientific forums and publish analyses from our Phase 3 trials of aducanumab with a focus on publishing the primary manuscript and disseminating additional data to inform clinical practice, including the management of ARIA.  This includes 4 presentations planned for the AAIC Conference next week. Second, we are moving with a sense of urgency to finalize the design of the aducanumab post-marketing confirmatory Phase 4 controlled study intended to verify the clinical benefit of aducanumab in Alzheimer's disease.  We are still working through the details and are actively engaged with regulators. Our goal is to execute this study as expeditiously as possible and well ahead of the post-marketing commitment of approximately 9 years. Third, we have a unique data generation opportunity with EMBARK, with the embark long-term extension study.  Just this month, we enrolled our last patient in the trial, bringing the total enrollment in the study up to roughly 1,700 Alzheimer's disease patients. The two-year EMBARK study will include patients previously treated with aducanumab for up to approximately 6.5 years, thereby generating important long-term safety and efficacy data for aducanumab.  We've planned to present the EMBARK baseline data at an upcoming medical meeting, which should yield important insights on the effects of treatment interruption, the longer-term impact of reducing amyloid plaques, and the potential benefits of continued treatment.  Lastly, we plan to initiate a real-world observational study in Alzheimer's disease called ICARE AD-US in order to collect real-world long-term effectiveness and safety data on aducanumab. We're also evaluating additional formulations of aducanumab with the goal of increasing patient confidence.  Last month, we initiated a Phase 1 study to evaluate bioavailability of a subcutaneous formulation of aducanumab and continued to engage with regulators on the appropriate development strategy. Finally, we continue to advance our innovative pipeline of potential Alzheimer's disease treatments.  This includes Lecanemab, our other anti-amyloid antibody that we are collaborating on with Eisai. Lecanemab was recently awarded breakthrough therapy designation by the FDA, and we are working with Eisai to engage with the FDA and pursue the optimum regulatory pathway. We also look forward to the readout of the Clarity Phase 3 study of Lecanemab expected next year.  In addition to our anti-amyloid approaches, we are also targeting Tau, the primary component of Neurofibrillary tangles, another pathological hallmark of Alzheimer's disease. Although we were disappointed to learn that the Phase 2 study of gosuranemab in early Alzheimer's disease did not meet the primary or secondary endpoints, we do not believe these results diminish the relevance of Tau as a potential therapeutic target in Alzheimer's disease.  Whereas we have discontinued the BIIB092 program, we are continuing the development of BIIB080, our antisense oligonucleotide, which aims to reduce the production of all forms of Tau, both intra and extracellular. Results of the Phase 1 trial will be presented at AAIC next week. In addition to Alzheimer's disease, this quarter we continue to progress a broad neuroscience pipeline with positive data readouts in depression and stroke, both areas in need of innovation.  First, in neuropsychiatry in collaboration with Sage, we were excited to learn that the Phase 3 WATERFALL Study, evaluating a 50 milligram dose of zuranolone in major depressive disorder, achieved its primary endpoint. Despite the pronounced placebo effect observed in the WATERFALL study, 2 weeks of zuranolone treatment resulted in a statistically significant reduction in depressive symptoms at day 15, as measured by the HAM-D 17 scale, versus placebo.  Zuranolone treatment also resulted in a rapid onset of action showing treatment effects at day 3, 8, and 12. The safety profile was similar to that seen previously in that most treatment-emergent adverse events were mild to moderate in severity, and we observed no signal of increased suicide idealization or behavior, or withdrawal symptoms.  We continue to believe that zuranolone, with its rapid treatment response, durable treatment effects after a 2-week dosing period, and differentiated tolerability, has the potential to transform treatment for people suffering from depression. We are now working with Sage to determine the optimum filing path.  The WATERFALL study is also -- is part of the robust development program for zuranolone, which also includes the ongoing SHORELINE, CORAL, and SKYLARK studies. We expect to report topline data from CORAL and SHORELINE in 2021. We are working with Sage to evaluate enrollment rates for the SKYLARK study, and we'll provide updates when that work is completed.  We also obtained positive data from the Phase 2a study of TMS-007 in acute ischemic stroke. Current standard of care in the treatment of ischemic stroke calls for the use of thrombolytic agents within 3-4.5 hours of symptom onset. The approved agents also carry the risk of intracranial hemorrhage, or ICH, which increases with time.  During the Phase 2a study of TMS-007, now referred to as BIIB131, the patients were dosed 4.5 to 12 hours after the onset of stroke symptoms with an average of 9.5 hours. There was no symptomatic ICH in the BIIB131 group. When compared to placebo, BIIB131 increased the rate of recanalization of occluded intracranial arteries, as visualized by MRI angiography in patients with large vessel strokes.  Moreover, more patients regain the ability to function independently as measured by the Modified Rankin scale at day 90 compared to placebo. We are encouraged by the results of this study and are hopeful that BIIB131 could have the potential to be a next-generation thrombolytic drug that safely extends the treatment window after stroke onset.  We plan to advance BIIB131 into the late stages of development as soon as possible. We also bolstered our MS pipeline through a proposed license and collaboration agreement with InnoCare for a Phase 2 oral small molecule BTK inhibitor for the potential treatment of MS.  Orelabrutinib, a covalent BTK inhibitor with high selectivity and demonstrated CNS penetrant, is currently being studied in a global placebo-controlled Phase 2 study in relapsing remitting MS. The ability of orelabrutinib to cross the blood-brain barrier, combined with its high kinase selectivity, differentiates it from other BTK inhibitors currently in development for MS.  Looking toward the remainder of the year, we also have two pivotal readouts remaining in ALS and depression. Earlier this month, we completed the 1-year placebo controlled treatment period of the Phase 3 study of Tofersen in SOD1 ALS, and we expect a readout by this fall.  We also recently enrolled the first participant in ATLAS, a Phase 3 trial of tofersen initiated in clinically pre-symptomatic SOD1 mutation carriers. Our hope is that treating people earlier in this disease may provide the best opportunity to slow or even delay the onset of this terrible disease.  In summary, this quarter, our R&D organization made significant progress advancing our pipeline. In addition to the accelerated approval of aducanumab, we completed 5 mid-to-late stage readouts in several key therapeutic areas characterized by high unmet need, including depression and stroke.  The field of neuroscience is rapidly advancing. And with the investments we have made in prioritizing genetically validated targets, deploying biomarkers in early stage clinical programs, and building our human and technological capabilities, we believe we are well-positioned to take advantage of the many opportunities offered by this exciting area of science for the benefit of patients. I will now pass the call over to Mike.
Mike McDonnell: Thank you, Al. As Michel noted, we were very pleased with our second quarter results as we continue to execute well. We continue to face competition from TECFIDERA generics in the U.S., which impacted our year-over-year financial performance. However, as we move forward, we remain fully focused on our core business, as well as the launch of ADUHELM in the U.S..  Total revenue for the second quarter of $2.8 billion, declined 25% versus the prior year at actual currency and 26% at constant currency. This decline reflects the impact of TECFIDERA generics, in addition to approximately $330 million in revenue, that was recorded in Q2 2020, related to the 1-time license of certain manufacturing-related intellectual property.  We were, however, encouraged to see total revenue increase by 3% versus Q1 of 2021, primarily driven by the MS franchise and OCREVUS royalties. Total ADUHELM revenue for the second quarter was $2 million.  I would refer you to our slides and commentary that we gave on our June 8th call for details on the accounting with Eisai and Neurimmune. Total MS revenue for the second quarter was $1.8 billion inclusive of OCREVUS royalties.  Looking now at some of the individual products within MS. Global TECFIDERA revenue for the second quarter was $488 million. In the U.S., second quarter revenue of $178 million increased versus the prior quarter due to seasonality and shipping dynamics, and we expect TECFIDERA in the U.S. to continue to decline throughout the year.  Outside of the U.S., second quarter TECFIDERA revenue of $309 million increased 15% versus the prior year, with 6% underlying patient growth. We were pleased with the continued ramp in VUMERITY revenue from $74 million in the first quarter to $91 million in the second quarter. And as Michel mentioned, we believe that VUMERITY can become a $1 billion annual revenue product over time.  TYSABRI second quarter global revenue of $524 million, increased 21% versus the prior year, benefiting from shifting dynamics in both the U.S. and outside the U.S. We were pleased to see 7% growth in global TYSABRI patients. And we believe TYSABRI remains well-positioned to play an increasingly important role in the treatment of MS.  Moving now to SMA. Global second quarter SPINRAZA revenue of $500 million increased 1% versus the prior year at actual currency and decreased 3% at constant currency. In the U.S., SPINRAZA revenue of $149 million decreased by 29% versus the prior year, as we see continued impact from competition.  Outside the U.S., SPINRAZA revenue grew 23% versus the prior year, although some of this growth was attributable to accelerated shipments. Moving now to our Biosimilars business. Second quarter revenue of $202 million increased 18% versus the prior year at actual currency, and 9% at constant currency.  This growth occurred despite our Biosimilars business continuing to be negatively impacted by pricing pressure, as well as a slowdown in new treatments and reduced clinic capacity due to the COVID-19 pandemic. Despite the continued impact of COVID-19, we are now the leading anti-TNF provider in Europe. Total anti-CD20 revenue in the second quarter of $440 million decreased 8% versus the prior year.  RITUXAN revenue decreased approximately 32% versus the prior year, partially offset by a 23% increase in OCREVUS royalties. Second quarter gross margin was 83% of revenue, up slightly from 82% in the prior quarter, and down from 89% in Q2 2020.  The reduction in gross margin versus the prior year was primarily due to the declines in TECFIDERA and RITUXAN, both of which are high margin products. In addition, Q2 2020 includes approximately $330 million in revenue related to the 1-time license of certain manufacturing-related intellectual property, which was at 100% gross margin.  Moving now to expenses in the balance sheet. Second quarter non-GAAP R&D expense was $585 million, which included approximately $50 million of upfront payments related to 3 business development deals; one with Bio-Thera for biosimilars, a second with Capsigen in gene therapy, and a third with Ginkgo to develop a novel gene therapy manufacturing platform.  Second-quarter non-GAAP SG&A was $635 million, including approximately $115 million related to ADUHELM. Note that beginning in the second quarter, Eisai 's reimbursement of the U.S. SG&A cost is reflected in the collaboration profit-sharing line.  Second quarter collaboration profit sharing reduced our Net operating expenses by $15 million, which includes a reimbursement of $85 million from Eisai related to the commercialization of ADUHELM in the U.S. In the second quarter of this year, our effective non-GAAP tax rate was approximately 16% versus approximately 19% in the second quarter of last year.  Second quarter non-GAAP income attributable to non-controlling interest of $84 million includes a milestone payment of $100 million to Neurimmune, related to the launch of ADUHELM in the U.S. Note that Eisai 's 45% share of this milestone, payment was recognized in the collaboration profit-sharing line.  During the second quarter, we repurchased 1.6 million shares of the Company's common stock for $450 million. As of June 30, 2021, there was $3.6 billion remaining under the share repurchase program authorized in October of 2020. Our weighted average diluted share count was approximately 150 million shares for the second quarter.  Non-GAAP diluted EPS in the first quarter was $5.68, which increased from $5.34 in Q1 of 2021. In the second quarter, we generated approximately $1.2 billion in cash flow from operations. Capital expenditures were $72 million, and free cash flow was approximately $1.2 billion.  We ended the quarter with $7.3 billion in debt, $4 billion in cash and marketable securities, and as a result, $3.3 billion in net debt. Additionally, our $1 billion revolving credit facility was undrawn as of the end of the quarter.  Overall, we remain in a very strong financial position with significant cash and financial capacity to grow the business over the long term. Let me now turn to our updated full-year guidance for 2021. We are increasing our full-year 2021 revenue guidance from our previous range of $10.45 billion to $10.75 billion to a new range of $10.65 billion to $10.85 billion, primarily as a result of stronger performance in our MS franchise and higher OCREVUS royalties.  We are maintaining our non-GAAP diluted EPS guidance of $17.50 to $19, not withstanding the inclusion of the $125 million upfront payment related to our recently announced collaboration with InnoCare, which we expect to incur in Q3.  This payment was not included in our previous guidance. Our Capex guidance is unchanged at $375 million to $425 million. Our guidance continues to assume modest ADUHELM revenue in 2021 due to dosing titration, the need for sites to prepare to diagnose and treat patients, and the time that it will take to secure payer coverage.  We continue to expect revenue to start ramping in 2022 and beyond. We expect continued erosion of both TECFIDERA and RITUXAN in the U.S., and that the decreased revenue from these high-margin products will put pressure on our gross margin percentage. Note that our gross margin in the second quarter of 2021 was 83% of revenue, which reflects this dynamic.  Full-year non-GAAP R&D expenses are expected to be between $2.45 billion and $2.55 billion. This updated R&D guidance range includes the expected $125 million upfront payment in the third quarter of 2021, which as I mentioned, was not included in our prior guidance.  Full year non-GAAP SG&A expenses are expected to be between $2.6 billion and $2.7 billion. This range is consistent with our previous guidance and continues to include an approximate $600 million ADUHELM investments.  Of this amount, approximately $200 million would be reimbursable by Eisai and is reflected as collaboration profit sharing effective April 1st and not part of SG&A. Of course, as the launch progresses, we will actively manage the pace of this spend.  This guidance continues to reflect our expectation that both R&D and SG&A will be higher in the second half of the year than they were in the first half due to collaborations such as InnoCare, program readouts, and investments in ADUHELM.  We expect we will utilize a portion of the remaining share repurchase authorization of $3.6 billion throughout the year, although this will depend on a variety of factors including our business development activities. We assume that foreign exchange rates as of June 30, 2021 will remain in effect for the remainder of the year, net of hedging activities.  We have not included any impact from potential tax or health care reform or any impact from potential acquisitions or large business development transactions other than InnoCare in our guidance. So in closing, we were very pleased with our financial performance in the quarter.  We remain in a very strong financial position with significant cash, modest leverage, and a business that generates significant free cash flow. We believe these dynamics position us well to continue to grow the business over the long term. And now I will turn the call back over to Michel for his closing comments.
Michel Vounatsos: Thank you Mike. It is an exciting time at Biogen. And it is all about execution for the coming period. Our base MS, SMA, Biosimilars business is performing well, demonstrating resilience despite competition.  We have an incredible opportunity together with Eisai, and we are completely focused on operation execution for the global Launch of ADUHELM and hopefully soon lecanemab. We have positive Phase 3 data for the zuranolone in depression, and we are anxiously awaiting data for tofersen in SOD1 ALS.  We believe we have a significant value creation opportunity ahead of us. We stand behind the clinical data for ADUHELM, including the integrity of the approval process. Again, today, our top priority special access, including for the underserved population and those more at risk due to ethnicity, and we are open to innovative approaches to ensure budget sustainability.  In closing, I would like to thank our employees around the world who have demonstrated their dedication to making a positive impact on patients' lives. And all of the physicians, caregivers, and participants in our clinical development programs, our ability to deliver medicines to patients could not be realised without the passion and commitment.  We will now open the call for questions.
Operator: [Operator instructions] As a reminder, please limit yourslf to one question. Your first question comes from the line of Jay Olson from Oppenheimer.
Jay Olson: Thank you for taking the question. It's really been a rough ride for ADUHELM, and we appreciate you're hanging in there. It seems like ever since March of 2019, Biogen has been the target of constant assault from the media and other groups, which obviously intensified on June 7th when ADUHELM was approved. What do you suppose it is about Alzheimer's disease that causes the media to react so negatively to a drug that could actually help patients and their families, and not treat them with the same respect it is rightly shown to victims of other diseases like cancer?
Michel Vounatsos: Thank you, Jay, for the great questions. I will get started, and I guess I will add. Again, it's -- and you are absolutely right in your question and your description of what we are exposed to. But we are not the ones suffering the most. It's still the early day in the launch. It's still the beginning. And whatever the motives of the controversy are, the one who are potentially misled, confused, denied health, are the patients. If we look at the past experience, progress has to be made with the first step, and we can look at HIV, oncology, or MS, as Al said. And let me bring you back to early 1990s and HIV. The FDA approved a first product based on CD4 count. And they were tremendous controversy. Then there were progress on viral load and then survival. And then 29 products or so were approved until today. And today, it's managed HIV as a chronic disease. These came with tremendous investment in the field. And the importance of the biomarker is that it's often present prior to the clinical symptoms. And this situation, this scenario, could very well be the same for AD. Where are those today who were fighting at the time, the biomarker-base approval for HIV therapy a few years back? The same applies to oncology. Al?
Al Sandrock: Yeah, Jay. Thanks for the question. I do believe that the amyloid hypothesis, even before we got started with aducanumab, was a controversial topic and there were people lined up on both sides of the hypothesis, whether or not it's true. And that's -- an d people dug in their heels even before the aducanumab data were approved. And it's unfortunate. And many of these drugs probably didn't even engage target in the brain and yet we consider ed those negative results as meaningful. But the main thing, Jay, is that somewhere along the way, the patients got lost. And we'd like to bring the conversation back to the patients. And I highlighted the risks associated with the drug, but also the risks associated with not starting aducanumab in a timely fashion in the appropriate patients.
Michel Vounatsos: Next question.
Operator: We can now take the next question from the line of Michael Yee from Jefferies.
Michael Yee: Thank you. Good morning, and I appreciate the comments and also the open letter from Al. Appreciate that. We had a question on early launch dynamics for ADUHELM. Maybe you can comment about the 325 sites, how those are going? Are they ready to dose patients? But more importantly, reimbursement access, specifically whether there's anything you can do with CMS to strike a deal or anything like that because I think those are the two bottlenecks or dynamics that people are going to get through. Thank you.
Michel Vounatsos: Thanks for the question, Mike. I will start and then Alisha will give you much more granularity because she is closer to the operation. The background noise and the controversy are unfortunate and not helpful, mostly for the patients, and they are confusing. Nevertheless, the team is making a lot of progress and I'm very proud about the hard work. Overall, it's a bit slower than what we assumed, but we're making tremendous progress with some positives and some headwinds. Alisha?
Alisha Alaimo: Yes. Thank you, Michel. And thank you, Michael, for the question. And though it is very early in our launch, I am happy to share with you a few critical areas that we've been monitoring that will provide some insights into how the landscape is evolving. I do have quite a bit to share, however, so I would ask that you please bear with me as I think I need to make it through some of these key topics that I believe you'll be very interested in. Let me first start with the patients. Physicians have definitely shared that since launch, there has been a significant amount of patient interest across the entire country. Not only from their existing diagnosed patients that they are aware of, but also from new patient referrals from primary care physicians, which is also excellent. On the last call that we held, I did share that the primary focus of our team is to provide access to patients, by supporting sites as they build the capability and infrastructure to treat patients. So sites are just now taking that first step in their internal process, which is to complete their P&T committee reviews. The majority of the Alzheimer's specialists that we have been talking to, have been really extremely, highly engaged, with both our commercial and our medical teams as they operationalize d their sites. We have seen several sites move faster than anticipated, which is also very good news for us. And as Michel mentioned in his opening, we estimate that 35% of the ready sites have completed a P&T review with a positive outcome or they've indicated that they're not requiring the step. As I'm sure you've also seen, a few centers have indicated that they will not provide access to ADUHELM for now. This is not only disappointing for patients, but also for the AD specialists at these centers who had actually plan ned to treat their patients with ADUHELM. Our teams are making every attempt to get in front of the decision makers in order to help them better understand the science and data. The AD specialists and the champions at these sites are also urging their sites to reconsider these decisions. Now remember, though, many of these physicians can still prescribe the drug, and they have asked for support to find alternative sites where they can infuse their patients. We've also experienced during this time that patients and their families are not giving up, and they will seek new sites if necessary, and we're also seeing that in the field. Our field teams share the sense of urgency of course. And as we've also said in a public statement, if any patient is denied access to care, we encourage them to contact our Biogen support services for help, and we will support them. Now, for the sites that have completed a positive P&T committee review or don't require one, there are still several steps to operationalize the complex patient journey. You might have seen recently published several AD specialists recently said, building this infrastructure for the appropriate use of ADUHELM will require time, resources, and some creative planning. In fact, I recently just visited several sites. And what I saw, is consistent with what we're seeing across the entire country. Sites are currently, right now, developing their protocols. They are re-engaging with their patients. They are considering or scheduling amyloid-beta confirmation. They also are ordering baseline MRIs. Then, they are discussing these results of the tests and making the treatment decision with their patients. This has clearly taken quite a bit of time. On our last call with you, we shared a program that we created with Labcorp and Mayo Clinic Labs to help physicians and patients access CSF diagnostic laboratory testing. We are also seeing a very strong interest in this program. In fact, we've already seen the first orders come in for both of our lab partners. Sites are also trying to gain clarity, as you said, on the reimbursement pathway. The decision by CMS to open an NCD analysis will help provide additional clarity to sites and healthcare providers. Now, while this analysis is underway, coverage decisions will be made by regional Medicare Administrative Contractors, as you know is the MACs, and the Medicare Advantage plan. Based on precedent, we expect the MAC s and Medicare Advantage plans will provide coverage for ADUHELM. Now, while NCD for drugs are rare, and the only recent example of a drug NCD analysis, which was CAR-T, both MACs and Medicare Advantage plans continued to cover these -- this product during the NCA process. We can also confirm that some Medicare Advantage plans have already approved prior authorizations for ADUHELM. For the MACs, due to the miscellaneous coding, it does take them a little bit of time to process the claims. But we are also aware that MACs have received claims already. So during the NCD analysis, we are actively working with sites to support patient access and reimbursement. Keep in mind, and as I witnessed across the various sites that I visited, each site will operationalize at different rates, which is why patient infusions will build gradually over the year, as we referenced. Though this process will take time, it was absolutely humbling to see how much effort and passion these physicians are putting into building the infrastructure to treat their patients. And I am really proud of how hard our teams are working to support these sites as they break new ground. Our teams are staying focused though, Michael. We have a job to do on behalf of the AD community and we will not be distracted from that mission no matter what we see. Thank you.
Operator: We can now take the next question from the line of Umer Raffat from Evercore.
Umer Raffat: Hi, guys. Thanks for taking my question. I just wanted to focus on Alzheimer's in two parts. First, I know there's a lot of discussion on donanemab early filing, and I'm a bit puzzled why there's lack of any commentary on a potential early filing for BAN2401. And I realize Eisai 's lead on regulatory matters, but I also understand you guys are on the steering committee. Should we expect a BAN2401 filing in 2021? And secondly, Alisha, just to clarify, for the 1.6 million sales for aducanumab in second quarter, how much of that was inventory? Because the sales number implies about 3,000 patients are on drug in June; is that right?
Mike McDonnell: Yeah. I'll take the second part of that. It's Mike speaking, Umer. Thanks for the question. Then Al will take the second one. We typically don't get a lot into the channel dynamics, but it's early days. We don't have really clear visibility into patient metrics. For a drug like ADUHELM, it's very early days and obviously, we're pleased to see that we accomplished some shipments and we got the $1.6 million in sales done. But as those roll out to sites and translate into patient treatment, we'll have more to say about how much is in the channel and how much is actually going into patient treatment.
Michel Vounatsos: So more to come on that. But you can assume that since we had only 2 weeks, a big chunk of it is basically a channel. Al?
Al Sandrock: Yeah. Umer, as you know, we generally don't comment on the content of our regulatory interactions. We do think it's a very positive sign that the Lecanemab was awarded Breakthrough Therapy designation. And I know my colleagues at Eisai and Biogen will do everything we can to expedite the regulatory pathway.
Michel Vounatsos: And I would like to add that it's good to see followers with the same mechanism of action and a type of class effect that is so challenged. And as Biogen, we welcome new players and some of them being competition and some being partners. That's good for the clinician, that's good for the patient by definition.
Operator: We can now take the next question from the line of Marc Goodman from SVB Leerink.
Marc Goodman: Thanks. Good morning. Can you help us understand this NCD process? What are the scenarios of outcomes, and help explain to us what happens if there's a negative scenario? What would be a negative scenario, and what can you do about a negative scenario? Thank you.
Alisha Alaimo: All right. Thank you, Marc, for the question. I'll go ahead and answer that. While it's too early in the process to speculate the outcome of this NCD analysis, I will provide some information for people to understand that there are 5 potential scenarios [Indiscernible]. First, there is a no coverage decision. While this is theoretically an outcome, in the last 15 years there are no examples of FDA approved drugs not being covered. I think that that's important to know. Second, there is coverage to indication or basically label. And third, you can have coverage with restrictions. They can maybe give you restriction around specific population of patients, or they can limit prescribing, potentially the specialists, and then they'll define who those specialists are. Fourth, you can have coverage with evidence development. And lastly, it can be left to the MACs discretion. Importantly, once a national coverage decision is made, all of the MACs and Med Advantage plans, must abide by the NCD. Meaning the NCD will overrule any local or Medicare Advantage plan that is in place. That's why we believe NCD will drive some consistency of access and clear reimbursement expectations, which is actually very good for everyone since one of the questions that people have are, "Is this is going to be reimbursed. " With that being said, if there were to be a negative outcome, though we can't speculate on it, of course, in Biogen's true form, we would want to obviously have a conversation on that and see what other outcome potentially could happen, depending on additional data they might need.
Michel Vounatsos: Thank you Alisha.
Operator: We can now take the next question from Matthew Harrison from Morgan Stanley.
Matthew Harrison: Great. Good morning. Thanks for taking the question. I was hoping you could comment a little bit more about the current reimbursement dynamics that you're seeing. And maybe specifically, if you could comment on whether or not you're aware of anyone that's been infused early in June with commercial drug, if they've actually been paid by a MAC or not. Thanks very much.
Alisha Alaimo: Thank you, Matthew, for the question. And unfortunately, I would love to give you an answer to that, but because it's early days and because processing claims takes quite a bit of time, unfortunately, I can't give you feedback on that yet because they are in the process. As I said before, I know that the Medicare Advantage plans have approved the prior authorizations, which actually is a good thing that those are in place because it does give sites some reassurance that they will get reimbursed. But as for the MACs, we know that they do have claims, but because it's under miscellaneous coding, it does take some time. I would love to give you that answer, but we just don't have it right now.
Operator: We can now take the next question from Phil Nadeau from Cowen & Company.
Phil Nadeau: Good morning. Thanks for taking my question. Alisha, during your remarks, your answer to Michael 's question, you mentioned that a lot of the centers are setting up confirmation for beta amyloid presence in the patients. I'm curious why they're doing that. Are they taking that upon themselves to identify the patients, or confirm the patients, or are the diagnostic requirements being required by Medicare Advantage or the MACs?
Alisha Alaimo: Okay. Thank you for that question as well. Since PDUFA, we have continued to hear a high level of interest in our ABC program, which I talked about prior. Which is a CSF testing, which you heard me talk about in my first answer. Now, the reason why there is a high interest, is primarily due to three reasons. First, we're hearing a consistent message from the AD experts and the clinicians, that they will align their patient selection to the patient population studied in our clinical trials. So 100% of patients in our clinical development program were confirmed for amyloid plaques. However, just so you also know, no one's really come out with the policy yet, so I can't actually tell you that there's been a mandate on amyloid-beta confirmatio.But we would expect that, potentially, those will be on the policies. Second, there's currently no reimbursed test to confirm the presence of amyloid, in this program that we offer as a solution to provide access to patients who would otherwise lack the ability to pay for this lab test, let alone the cost of a PET scan. And as you know, for PET scanning 3rd, there are still several areas of the country, in particular the Mountain West, Hawaii, and Alaska, were access to amyloid PET is not available due to the distribution of radio pharmacies and limited half-life of the radioligand. But I also said in our prior call that we do need both PET and CSF and we have seen these orders come in for both of our lab partners. And we're still working diligently with a coalition to see if we can get PET reimbursement through CMS.
Operator: We can now take the next question from Paul Matteis from Stifel.
Paul Matteis: Hey. Great. Thanks for taking my question. I wanted to ask, what liability does a physician expose his or herself to if prescribing aducanumab ahead of an NCD? For example, if the drug is prescribed to a patient that ends up not being covered under an NCD or they don't follow certain -- I guess prior [Inaudible] is not the right word, but I now guess to prior [Inaudible] criteria for selecting patients, is there a risk that the treatment center could owe money back to Medicare? And do you think this could have a slowing impact on uptake because of this broader uncertainty surrounding financial exposure? Thanks.
Alisha Alaimo: I'll go ahead and take that question. I think that this is really an insightful one because this is where a lot of the fear comes from I think in the centers where they want to know, are we going to be reimbursed? And the answer to that is, you're not going to know until you try. And that's why we're now starting to see centers put through their claims and see how they get processed. However, when an NCD does come out, obviously at that point in time, CMS is also going to have to make a decision as to what they would do with those patients if they did fall outside of the NCD criteria. Unfortunately, we're not going to know until we get to the end of that process.
Michel Vounatsos: And if we step back, I would say this type of confusion is something we have seen all the way. When we launched SPINRAZA, there was a same confusion and the controversy is not adding to the clarity and the is making people being more fear, but we start to see things moving in the right direction. It's a beginning of a process, we're still at the early days.
Operator: We can now take the next question from Cory Kasimov of JPMorgan.
Cory Kasimov: Hey. Good morning, guys. Thank you for taking my question. I wanted to follow up on some of the market metrics you discussed. I'm wondering if you can disclose how many P&T review s are outstanding and maybe more so the % that have come back negative? And are the public comments being made by some of the large influential sites like the Cleveland Clinic, having any sort of material influence on smaller community-type clinics that you picked up on, that may impact their early prescribing habits? Thank you.
Michel Vounatsos: Alisha?
Alisha Alaimo: Yeah. Okay, Cory. Thank you for the question. I think when it comes to the P&T committee, the stat that we gave you, the 35%, is actually the only stat that I can provide at this point in time. And this number changes on a daily basis. P&T committee reviews are happening across the country. We're obviously aware of the really big ones that become public. But some of the smaller ones that are in our targeted sites come in on daily basis, so I can't actually provide that accurate number. However, for the second part of your question, I can't comment on the decision-making process of the specific sites. However, I will say that we are disappointed that sites that have specialized in Alzheimer's disease have indicated they will not provide access to ADUHELM for now. This is not only disappointing for patients, but also for the AD specialists at the sites of course. Each site will have their own specific process and decision-makers, so there's not really a single reason. And even the reasons that you might see publicly are slightly different from what we actually hear directly which, again, causes even more confusion in the marketplace. And just so you know, we're making every attempt to get in front of these decision-makers, to help them better understand the science and data. And also there have been specialists and champions at these sites to see if they can reconsider their current policy. But do remember that many of the physicians can still prescribe the product and have asked for support to find alternative sites so they can infuse their patients. With that being said, there are going to be other sites that look to these accounts to see what kind of policies and procedures that they do put in place depending on their decision-making. However, at the end of the day, these accounts have also said it is just for now. And there may be a potential opportunity to have them reconsider that in the very near future.
Michel Vounatsos: Yeah. I just want to reinforce what Alisha just said. And I had the opportunity to engage with many clinicians and scientific leaders, including some from some of the centers that denied. It's the beginning of a process. And I think that we have also the responsibility to provide more data, as Al said. And we are working on that actively. Remember, we have the richest database in AD, in EMBARK.
Mike McDonnell: And just to quickly add to that, where we have 35% that have completed a P&T review with a positive outcome or indicated they won't require, you should not assume that the remaining 65% have come back negative. It's very early days, and the majority of those are still outstanding.
Mike Hencke: I think we have time for one more question.
Operator: We can now take the next question from Terence Flynn of Goldman Sachs.
Terence Flynn: Great. Thanks so much for taking the question. I just wondered, Alisha, if you could expand a little bit on one of the potential NCD scenarios that you mentioned, the coverage with evidence development. Essentially, how that would work if there be a request for additional clinical work and if the drug would be covered during the time, or that additional clinical work would be conducted, or if the drug would not have coverage in that intervening time period. I think there's a little bit of confusion around the CED process. Thank you.
Alisha Alaimo: Yes. This is a great question and obviously we've looked into this as well. And unfortunately, an outcome of a CED can have so many different options. You could have something that's as restrictive as we're only going to allow 500 patients to be reimbursed in this clinical trial, to any patient can get reimbursed as long as it meets a certain criteria for us to get evidence. So I would love to be able to answer it directly, but we are so early in the path. We have no idea what the outcome is going to be, but a CED can take on many, many different forms.
Mike Hencke: Chirfi would like to add something.
Chirfi Guindo: Yeah. Just to add some perspective. There was a CED for the PET process in the first study -- first idea study, which enrolled for about 2 years. They enrolled about 16,000 patients between 2016 and 2018. It was like a clinical trial, very difficult to execute. And one of the challenges with that, as recognized by CMS, is that it only had 4% representation of minorities. So CED really have some challenges. And so as we continue to engage, we're going to be looking forward to making sure that if it is a CED, then it doesn't really restrict access to diverse patient populations.
Michel Vounatsos: Okay. For the first time ever we have an FDA approval, accelerated approval product, for Alzheimer's disease based on clear data showing the reduction in amyloid beta plaque, which is reasonably likely to predict clinical benefit and in this case, a reduction in clinical decline. Can we now urgently turn our attentions to the patients in need, the way we did for HIV and oncology? Thank you all for your attention today.
Operator: This concludes today's call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2021 Q1  (2021-04-22 08:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning. My name is [Ashley], and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Biogen First Quarter Earnings Call and Financial Update. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers remarks there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. I would now like to turn the conference over to Mr. Mike Hencke, Director, Investor Relations. Mr. Hencke, you may begin your conference.
Mike Hencke: Good morning, and welcome to Biogen's first quarter 2021 earnings call. Before we begin, I encourage everyone to go to the Investors section of biogen.com to find the earnings release and related financial tables, including our GAAP financial measures and a reconciliation of the GAAP to non-GAAP financial measures that we will discuss today. Our GAAP financials are provided in Tables 1 and 2, and Table 4 includes a reconciliation of our GAAP to non-GAAP financial results. We believe non-GAAP financial results better represent the ongoing economics of our business and reflect how we manage the business internally. We have also posted slides on our website that follow the discussions related to this call. I would like to point out that we will be making forward-looking statements, which are based on our current expectations and beliefs. These statements are subject to certain risks and uncertainties and our actual results may differ materially. I encourage you to consult the risk factors discussed in our SEC filings for additional detail. On today's call, I am joined by our Chief Executive Officer, Michel Vounatsos; Dr. Al Sandrock, Head of Research and Development; and our CFO, Mike McDonnell. As a reminder, during the Q&A portion of the call, we kindly ask that you limit yourself to one question. I will now turn the call over to Michel.
Michel Vounatsos: Good morning everyone, and thank you for joining us. With a strong focus on operation and execution we have continued to serve patients and advance our strategic priorities. While we know that 2021 will be a financial researcher for the company, we are pleased with our operational performance during Q1 with first quarter total revenues of $2.7 billion and first quarter non-GAAP ES of $5.34. These results were driven by solid performance across MS, SMA, and biosimilars together with continued strong cost management. We are ready to launch aducanumab in the U.S. should we receive a regulatory approval, and we anticipate an FDA decision by the June 7 PDUFA date. If approved, aducanumab will be the first therapy to meaningfully change the cost of Alzheimer's disease and will represent a significant growth and value creation opportunity. Our cross functional team in the U.S. has been working for months in preparation for the potential launch of aducanumab. We have identified and evaluated key sites of care that have the necessary infrastructure for Alzheimer's patients. We believe that more than 600 of these sites will be ready to treat patients shortly after a potential approval. Our team is currently working to evaluate the capacity at these and other sites to absorb an influx of Alzheimer's patients. Together with Eisai, we were pleased to support us against Alzheimer's in the development of BrainGuide, a platform which is powered by Amazon Web Services. BrainGuide aims to increase brain health awareness and empower people to take action based upon responses to a memory questionnaire. We hope that BrainGuide along with our collaboration with Apple, aiming to identify digital biomarkers of cognitive health will enable people to seek care sooner in order to maximize the benefits of treatment. We are also working to ensure an equitable launch to facilitate broad access to aducanumab, should it be approved including underserved population, a critical issue that has been highlighted by the COVID-19 pandemic. I am pleased to announce that outside the U.S., we recently submitted additional regulatory filings in Brazil, Canada, Switzerland, and Australia, adding to our earlier submissions in Europe and Japan. Turning to our progress towards our strategic priorities first, Q1 overall MS revenue, including OCREVUS royalties was $1.7 billion. Putting aside the entry of TECFIDERA generic the U.S., our broader MS business continue to demonstrate resilience and progress, excluding TECFIDERA in the U.S., the number of patients on our MS products worldwide increased approximately 5% versus the prior year. Importantly, in the current COVID-19 environment, we believe our MS products are well-positioned versus the competition based on our current treatment guidelines. We were very pleased to see strong revenue growth for VUMERITY, which is now the number one oral MS product in terms of new prescription in the U.S. We believe this performance is a testament to a strong product profile and our team's ability to execute well. Validating our plan, announced mid-last year to accelerate the launch of VUMERITY. We are also excited that TECFIDERA recently received a regulatory approval in China. Furthermore, we continue to advance new approaches to help address the remaining unmet medical need in MS. This quarter, we launched an intramuscular formulation of PLEGRIDY in both the U.S. and EU, which we believe offers an improved tolerability profile, and we obtain approval for subcutaneous administration of TYSABRI in the EU, with the first expected launch in Germany, while we await a regulatory decision in the U.S. We also continue to advance the potential use of extended interval dosing for TYSABRI, with important data expected in the middle of this year. Second, SPINRAZA generated first quarter global revenues of $521 million, while SPINRAZA is facing competition in the U.S., which has been exacerbated by the impacts of COVID-19 we were encouraged to see that SPINRAZA discontinuation decreased versus Q4 of last year. Outside the U.S. been SPINRAZA continued to perform very well with 13% revenue growth versus Q1 of last year. Overall, SPINRAZA remains the market leading treatment for SMA and we believe it will remain a foundation of care. Third, our biosimilars business delivered revenue of $205 million. We are pleased with this performance as the continued impact of the COVID-19 pandemic has resulted in a slowdown in new treatment starts and reduced clinic capacity for immunology patients in Europe. We aim to continue to grow our biosimilars business and create additional financial headroom for innovation by launching new products. To that end, we recently announced the collaboration with Bio-Thera Solutions to develop and commercialize BAT1806, a proposed biosimilars referencing ACTEMRA, currently in Phase 3 development. Biogen will have the right to commercialize BAT1806 globally in countries outside of China, which will expand our global biosimilars footprint. Fourth, this quarter, we continue to meaningfully progress on our pipeline. We reported Phase 2 data in essential tremor, and we expect seven additional mid-to-late stage readouts this year. Gene therapy represents a key area of focus for Biogen as we continue to pursue multiple modalities. To this end, we recently announced our plan to build a new state of the art gene therapy manufacturing facility at our RTP site in North Carolina. Fifth, our cash flow generation remains strong and continue to provide us with significant flexibility to allocate capital in Q1. We generated approximately $769 million in cash flow from operations and 676 million in free cash flow. As we have demonstrated in the past, we are committed to maximizing returns to our shareholders as we aim to bring innovative therapies to patients. I will now turn the call over to Al, for a more detailed update on our recent progress in R&D.
Al Sandrock: Thank you, Michel and good morning everyone. As always, I'd like to start by thanking the Biogen team for their hard work as we continue to advance our R&D programs. We achieved a number of key milestones this quarter and we look forward to seven additional readouts anticipated this year, including pivotal trials in major depressive disorder, postpartum depression, ALS, and choroideremia. Let me now turn to the advances we made across our pipeline in the first quarter. Starting with Alzheimer's disease, as Michel mentioned, this quarter we submitted additional regulatory filings for aducanumab in Brazil, Switzerland, Canada, and Australia. Together with our prior filings in the U.S., EU, and Japan, we have now submitted filings in seven key geographies, and continue to engage with regulators as they review the aducanumab data. Turning to the lecanemab or BAN2401, our collaboration partner Eisai has recently enrolled the last patient in the Phase 3 clarity study in early Alzheimer's disease. We look forward to the readout in Q3 of next year. Additionally, we plan to present detailed results from the Phase 1b study of BIIB080 in mild-Alzheimer's disease at the upcoming AAIC meeting later this year. BIIB080 is a tau-targeted antisense oligonucleotide that aims to reduce the production of all forms of tau both intracellular and extracellular. The Phase 1b study demonstrated that BIIB080 was generally well-tolerated and resulted in a dose and time dependent reduction from baseline in CSF total tau and phospho-tau with durability of effect. We are currently finalizing plans to advance BIIB080 into a Phase 2 study in Alzheimer's disease. Moving to MS, we are presenting new data across our portfolio at the AAN meeting this week. An updated analysis of data from the TOUCH Prescribing Program of TYSABRI showed an 88% reduction in the risk of PML when used with extended interval dosing or EID, as compared with standard interval dosing. This supports previous findings that showed that EID is associated with a lower incidence of PML. We continue to generate state of the art real world data through MS PATHS. In MS PATHS, Biogen is collaborating with 10 leading MS centers in the U.S. and Europe to generate standardized quantitative data from a diverse MS patient population as they are being seen in the clinic. More than 17,000 patients have been enrolled in MS PATHS to date and we aim to use quantitative measurements across a range of key clinical dimensions, high position MRI measurements of MS disease activity, patient reported data using a validated quality of life instrument, led biomarkers such as neurofilament, and electronic health records to obtain a more holistic view of MS and gain insights on how currently approved drugs are affecting real world outcomes. Moreover, with the use of modern analytical methods, such as machine learning, we hope to make new discoveries about the key subtypes and stages of MS, as well as its pathogenesis. At the AAN meeting, we were showing data from the MS PATHS that showed that extended interval dosing of TYSABRI may maintain comparable efficacy to standard interval dosing, as assessed by the rate of new or newly enlarging T2 lesions on MRI scans, quantified by advanced image analysis software, which we developed in collaboration with Siemens. A prospective study of the efficacy of extended interval dosing is being assessed in the ongoing NOVA study, from which we expect top line results around mid-year. Also being presented at AAN, another study leveraging data collected using MS PATHS demonstrated that TYSABRI can lead to clinically meaningful improvements in aspects of mental and social health, as assessed by the neuro qual, a validated instrument that that evaluates physical, mental and social effects reported by patients with neurological disorders. For 11 of the 12 domains tested, the adjusted rate of improvement was greater for patients treated with TYSABRI than for those treated with OCREVUS. Also being presented at AAN is the first real world analysis of VUMERITY treated patients. The retrospective study of 160 patients found that overall persistence was high, with 88% of individuals remaining on VUMERITY at eight months, and that treatment discontinuation due to GI adverse events was low at 3.8%. These results follow a recent publication of EVOLVE-MS-2, a Phase 3 5-week randomized multicenter study that assessed the GI tolerability of VUMERITY and TECFIDERA using self administered questionnaires. The study demonstrated that only 9.5% of VUMERITY treated patients indicated that GI symptoms interfered quite a bit or extremely with regular activities, as compared to almost 29% of TECFIDERA patients. We believe that the differentiated tolerability profile of VUMERITY will lead to improved adherence to therapy. In addition to our established treatments, we aim to leverage our MS pipeline to address the remaining unmet need in MS. This includes our oral remyelination program BIIB061, our oral BTK inhibitor BIIB091, as well as our next generation anti-VLA4 antibody that seeks to build on the success of TYSABRI in the high efficacy space. Turning to neuromuscular disorders, we are presenting an update on the ongoing DEVOTE study testing a higher dose of SPINRAZA at the AAN meeting this week. Data from the patients enrolled in the Part A openLabel safety evaluation cohort, followed for up to approximately five months were consistent with the well-characterized safety profile of the currently approved 12 milligram dose of SPINRAZA. The emerging safety profile of the higher dose supports its continued development as we evaluate the potential for greater efficacy. We also added an additional cohort to the Phase 1 study of BIIB078, our C9ORF ASO for ALS. Safety data has been supportive of escalating the dose, enabling us to conduct a more complete evaluation of the therapeutic index. The Phase 1 study, containing the additional cohort is now expected to readout in the first half of next year. In neuropsychiatry, last month, Sage Therapeutics released an interim analysis of the ongoing openLabel Phase 3 SHORELINE naturalistic study of zuranolone in major depressive disorder. The data showed that in the completed 30 milligram zuranolone cohort, approximately 70% of participants with a positive response to an initial two week treatment required at most one additional zuranolone treatment during the one-year study. SHORELINE also showed that following the two-week treatment, more than 70% of patients in the 30-milligram cohort and 80% of patients in the 50-milligram cohort achieved a positive response as evaluated by the 17 item Hamilton rating scale for depression. In both the 30 milligram and 50 milligram cohorts, SHORELINE demonstrated an adverse event profile consistent with previously reported data. Adverse events, including somnolence, dizziness, and sedation were observed to be more frequent in the 50 milligram cohort, but were similar in severity to events seen with the 30 milligram treatment of zuranolone. We believe these data further supports the potential therapeutic effective of zuranolone, and we look forward to the readout of the waterfall study of zuranolone in major depressive disorder anticipated later this quarter. Next, I would like to turn to movement disorders. In collaboration with SAGE, we recently announced that SAGE-324, also known as BIIB124 met the primary endpoint of a statistically significant reduction from baseline, compared to placebo in the upper limb tremor score on pre-specified components of the essential Tremor Rating Assessment Scale or TETRAS at day 29. This corresponded to a 36% reduction from baseline in upper limb tremor amplitude in patients receiving BIIB124, compared to our 21% reduction with placebo. BIIB124 also demonstrated a safety profile consistent with previously reported data. This trial was designed to test the high-end of the dose range established in Phase 1 studies, 60 milligrams. In an effort to determine whether or not proof of concept could be established in essential tremor BIIB124 clearly shows efficacy in essential tremor, but at this dose, the incidence of somnolence was 68%, but 62% of patients going to a lower dose and 38% of patients discontinuing treatment. We are working closely with SAGE to plan next steps for the development of BIIB124. The unmet need in tremor, essential tremor is significant. There have been no new drugs approved for essential tremor in more than five decades. The drugs currently used to treat essential tremor have tolerability issues of their own, which limits their use in clinical practice. We believe more can be done to help patients with this most common movement disorder that interferes with activities of daily living and hampers social engagement. In Parkinson's disease, the Phase 1 and Phase 1b studies of BIIB122, a small molecule LRRK2 inhibitor are now complete, and the safety and biomarker goals were achieved, which we believe support continued development of BIIB122. As previously announced with our collaboration partner Denali, we expect to initiate late stage clinical development in Parkinson's disease patients by the end of this year. Our R&D organization delivered a number of important milestones in the first quarter of the year. We believe there's much to be excited about with seven additional readouts expected by the end of the year, including pivotal readouts in major depressive disorder, postpartum depression, ALS, and choroideremia. I will now pass the call over to Mike.
Mike McDonnell: Thank you, Al. Biogen had another solid quarter despite the challenges from TECFIDERA, U.S. generics, and COVID-19 as we continue to execute well, across our core businesses. We remain in a very strong financial position with significant cash and financial capacity; continue to grow the business over the long-term. I will now review our financial performance for the quarter and share with you an update to our full-year guidance for 2021. Total revenue for the first quarter of $2.7 billion declined 24% versus the prior year at actual currency and 25% at constant currency. This decline was mostly driven by the continued impact of TECFIDERA generics in the United States. Total MS revenue for the first quarter, including OCREVUS royalties of $1.7 billion decreased 26% versus the prior year at both actual and at constant currency. This decline was also driven by the continued impact of TECFIDERA generics in the US. Excluding U.S. TECFIDERA, total MS revenue, including OCREVUS royalties were relatively flat, demonstrating the resilience of our MS business in a competitive market. Global TECFIDERA revenue for the first quarter of $479 million declined 56% versus the prior year. Outside of the U.S., first quarter TECFIDERA revenue of $317 million declined 2% versus the prior year. Normalizing for accelerated shipments due to COVID-19 of approximately $28 million in Q1 of 2020, revenue outside the U.S. increased 7% with continued patient growth. During the quarter, we saw continued improvement in VUMERITY trends. VUMERITY revenue was $74 million in the first quarter and is now the number one MS oral product in terms of new prescription share in the U.S. TYSABRI first quarter global revenue of $503 million declined 4% versus the prior year. As a reminder, in Q1 of 2020, TYSABRI revenue benefited by approximately $40 million, due to a combination of extra shipping days in the U.S., and the pricing adjustment in Italy.  Normalizing for these dynamics revenue grew 4% year-over-year, as we saw a 5% increase in global TYSABRI patients. We continue to believe TYSABRI is well-positioned to play an increasingly important role in the treatment of MS as we progress several important initiatives, including subcutaneous administration, and extended interval dosing. Moving now to SMA. Global first quarter SPINRAZA revenue of $521 million decreased 8% versus the prior year at actual currency and 12% at constant currency, although we were pleased to see 5% growth in global SPINRAZA patients versus the prior year. In the U.S., SPINRAZA revenue decreased 37% versus the prior year as we continue to see impact from competition exacerbated by the impacts of COVID-19. Outside the U.S. SPINRAZA revenue grew 13% versus the prior year, including approximately $40 million, due to timing of shipments in Q1 of 2021. Moving now to our biosimilars business, first quarter revenue of $205 million decreased 6% versus the prior year at actual currency, and 13% at constant currency. Normalizing for accelerated shipments due to COVID-19 of approximately 15 million in Q1 of 2020, revenue was flat year-over-year.  Our biosimilars business continues to be negatively impacted by pricing pressure, as well as a slowdown in new treatments and reduced clinic capacity due to COVID-19. Despite the continued impact of COVID-19, we continue to be the leading anti-TNF biosimilar provider in Europe and BENEPALI continues to be the number one prescribed etanercept product across Europe. We believe we have the opportunity to continue to grow in Europe, as well as within the U.S and other geographies by commercializing new products.  Total anti-CD20 revenue in the first quarter of $389 million decreased 25% versus the prior year. RITUXAN revenue decreased approximately 50% versus the prior year, partially offset by a 29% increase in OCREVUS royalties. We expect continued erosion of RITUXAN due to biosimilars. Turning now to gross margin, first quarter gross margin was 82% of revenue, down versus 83% in the prior quarter and down versus 87% in Q1 of 2020. The continued reduction in gross margin was primarily due to the declines in TECFIDERA and RITUXAN, both of which are high margin products. We expect to continue to experience downward pressure on gross margins. Moving to expenses and the balance sheet, first quarter non-GAAP R&D expense was $514 million. First quarter non-GAAP SG&A was $595 million, including approximately $75 million related to the launch preparations for aducanumab, net of reimbursement from Eisai. In the first quarter of this year, our effective non-GAAP tax rate was approximately 16% versus approximately 17% in the first quarter of 2020. During the first quarter, we repurchased 2.2 million shares of the company's common stock for $600 million. As of March 31, 2021, there was $4 billion remaining under the share repurchase program authorized in October of 2020, and we expect to utilize a portion of this throughout the remainder of the year. Our weighted average diluted share count was approximately 152 million shares for the quarter. Non-GAAP diluted earnings per share in the first quarter was $5.34. In the first quarter, we generated approximately $769 million in cash flow from operations. Capital expenditures were $93 million and free cash flow was approximately $676 million. We ended the quarter with $7.3 billion in debt, and $3.4 billion in cash and marketable securities, resulting in $3.9 billion in net debt. In addition, our $1 billion revolving credit facility was undrawn as of the end of the quarter. Let me now turn to our updated full-year guidance for 2021. Our full-year 2021 revenue guidance remains at $10.45 billion to $10.75 billion despite unfavorable currency dynamics, which I will explain in a moment. We are increasing our non-GAAP diluted EPS guidance from our previous range of $17 to $18.50 to a range of between $17.50 to $19. Our capital expenditure guidance is unchanged at $375 million to $425 million. This financial guidance assumes that foreign exchange rates as of March 31, 2021 will remain in effect for the remainder of the year, net of hedging activities. It is important to note that we are reaffirming our revenue guidance despite an expected currency headwind of approximately $80 million net of hedging activities to our full-year 2021 revenue guidance, due primarily to the strengthening of the U.S. dollar from January 1 of 2021 through March 31 of 2021. Our guidance continues to assume that aducanumab will be approved in the U.S. by June 7 of 2021, although uncertainty remains on the FDAs decision. If aducanumab is approved in the U.S., we would expect an immediate launch. However, dose titration will result in less revenue per patient in the initial months of treatment, and as a result, we would expect only modest revenue for aducanumab in 2021 ramping thereafter. We continue to expect rapid erosion of our U.S. TECFIDERA business, as well as significant erosion of RITUXAN in the U.S. We expected that the decreased revenue from these high margin products will put pressure on our gross margin percentage. Note that our gross margin in Q1 2021 was 82% of revenue, which reflects this dynamic. We now expect full-year non-GAAP R&D expenses will be between $2.3 billion and $2.4 billion, and non-GAAP SG&A expenses will be between $2.6 billion and $2.7 billion. This guidance reflects our expectation that both R&D and SG&A will increase beginning in the second quarter, due to new collaborations, program readouts, and aducanumab investments as we prepare for the potential launch. Our full-year SG&A estimate continues to include an approximate $600 million investment in support of the potential launch of aducanumab. Of this amount, approximately $200 million would be reimbursable by Eisai and would be reflected as collaboration profit sharing post commercialization, and not part of SG&A. We expect we will utilize a portion of the remaining share repurchase authorization of $4 billion throughout the year, although this will depend on a variety of factors, including our business development activities. We have not included any impact from potential tax or healthcare reform or any impact from potential acquisitions or large business development transactions in our guidance. And with that, I'll now turn the call back over to Michel for his closing comments.
Michel Vounatsos: Thank you, Mike. Biogen continue to demonstrate resilience and strong execution in the first quarter of the year. And we believe we remain on track to make 2021 a transformative year for the company. This of course starts with a potential approval of aducanumab in the U.S. The unmet need and cost to society for Alzheimers disease are tremendous and mounting. Alzheimers creates a cost burden of over $600 billion per year in the U.S., and the cost for caring for Alzheimer's patients can be over half a million dollars. Alzheimer's deprives many patients of their independence. By the age of 80, approximately 75% of people with Alzheimer's disease leaving the nursing home at a probation cost of approximately $100,000 per year. The potential approval of aducanumab will be an unprecedented milestone for patients, their families, and society at large. Beyond aducanumab, we continue to advance our neuroscience pipeline as we work to create a multi-franchise portfolio. We look forward to the seven expected mid-to-late stage readouts this year. Across a range of therapeutic areas such as Alzheimer's disease, ALS, ophthalmology, depression, and stroke including four in Phase 3. I want to reiterate our commitment to maximizing returns to our shareholders and bringing innovative therapies to patients over the long-term. These demands that we continue to allocate capital efficiently and effectively, while maintaining operational discipline and managing costs. As we have demonstrated in the past, we will always strive to have an optimal capital secure, as well as aim for super returns from the investment we make. Lastly, I would like to reflect upon Biogens long standing commitment to corporate responsibility. Our dedication to patients and the broader society is not only limited to developing novel therapeutics for patients suffering from serious diseases, but extends much further. At Biogen, we work with purpose to advance science to address the urgent and long-term challenge facing humanity. Now, more than ever, we continue to strengthen environmental, social, and governance priorities across the company. To underscore this commitment, we have decided to incorporate an ESG metric into our corporate scorecard to help ensure that we accelerate actions across these critical issues. In closing, I would like to thank our employees around the world who have demonstrated the dedication to making a positive impact on patients lives, and all of the physician caregivers and participants in our clinical development programs. We are living through challenging times with COVID-19 and our achievements could not be realized without a passion and commitment. We will now open the call for questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from Michael Yee of Jefferies. Please go ahead.
Michael Yee: Hey, guys, good morning and thanks for the question. It sounds like you remain quite optimistic about a potential approval for adu, I was just wondering if you could make some comments about the work you've done with both sites and payers? I know that if this does get approved, there's a lot of uncertainty around pet reimbursement and logistics and MRI monitoring and things of that nature, so could you just maybe comment about the work you've done there and how confident you are that that will be fairly smooth? Thank you.
Michel Vounatsos: Thanks for the question, Michael. The focus of the team since many months in the U.S. was first to identify and assist the sites of care in terms of infrastructure advice and processes because we anticipate that there will be, if approved a very large influx of patients. We know that the availability of specialists and diagnosis capabilities are a bottleneck. So, we had to prepare the sides of care, and we have worked all around the country in order to identify those today.  We anticipate approximately 600 ready to treat, but many more on the works. So, this work was managed by a cross functional team and obviously we started with the medical engagement and scientific leadership. And we are pleased with where we are in terms of those sites, and the ability to welcome the patients, to diagnose the patients, to dose the patients, to monitor the patients, including the fine processes such as [formula releasing], who is in-charge of what?  So the team has done a very thorough work, and I am pleased with the progress each time I review the operation in the U.S. and the launch readiness. We are bridging, we are passing some new milestones. I am also pleased with the digital capability that is an overlay of reach contact and [awareness building] towards different stakeholders, not only the physicians, but also the patients and end-patient services. As you know, so far, neither PET nor CSF amyloid are reimbursed in the U.S. CSF is reimbursed in Europe, not in the U.S., but we believe there is a path forward. Concerning price, I think that we are there, Mike. We have done a thorough, you know, engagement with different stakeholders considering the burden of the disease and the clinical meaningfulness that aducanumab will bring.  And we have engaged with pharmacoeconomics, including ICER, many times and others in the U.S. and beyond. So, I think that the team is ready. And I'm pleased with the progress. And actually, the three months edition were like a gift for the team, because we are never fully ready for such a launch. And I must also appreciate the collaboration from Eisai in this launch readiness.
Michael Yee: Yeah. Perfect. Look forward to it. Thank you.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Ronny Gal of Bernstein. Please go ahead.
Ronny Gal: Hi. Good morning, everybody and thanks for taking the call. I one on TECFIDERA, to the extent that you are successful in prosecuting the appeal or getting an [usual patent], can you discuss how that will impact the market? That is, I know you got a few settlements, and I'm wondering if those products were going to stay on the market or will they have to exit the market if you  basically your agreements  if you're able to win the appeal?
Mike McDonnell: Yeah. So Ronny its Mike. Thank you for the question. And, you know, as we said, we do expect to hear something on the appeal in the first half of this year. And as we sit here on April 22 that could really come at any time now. There are many generics on the market, as you know. And our legal team has worked extremely hard to try to win this appeal and overturn this decision.  To the extent that we are successful, obviously, that would be very good news on winning the appeal, but there would be a push forward from there. And so in order to come up with, you know a quantification of potential financial benefit, it would be premature and it would be hard to calculate immediately. It would be the type of situation where we would get the good news, and we would have to navigate from there on a number of additional steps that we would have to go through to get to, you know, finalization and how the generics that are in the market now would react? It's a little bit hard to predict, before that would actually happen. So, I would say that, obviously, it would be very good day and good news, and we're working very hard, and we believe in our case. But we would have to, sort of evaluate the ruling what it says. And we would communicate more in terms of potential benefits, as soon as we knew what that course looked like.
Ronny Gal: Let me sharpen this just a little bit, do you have any settlements that will allow any generic to stay on the market longer-term, even if you win?
Mike McDonnell: Yeah, that's not something that we can, you know, kind of comment on with specificity, Ronny. You know, again, yeah, we're  and I apologize for that. But this is one where, again, we have a great legal team that's working very hard and overturning this appeal and we're very hopeful to hear something very soon and you know, we'll communicate more on exactly what it all means. You know, wed have to look at the ruling and the specifics and we have to see the reaction of the generics that are in the market before we really could answer that. 
Ronny Gal: Right. Appreciate it.
Mike McDonnell: Thanks for the question.
Operator: Our next question comes from Marc Goodman of SVB Leerink. Please go ahead.
Marc Goodman: Yes. Good morning. Can you give us more color on SPINRAZA outside the United States, and maybe talk about some of the regions that just, you know the underlying trends and what's going on there? And then just at TECFIDERA, China, can you help us, are you booking sales? Is that something that you view as a big opportunity? Thanks.
Michel Vounatsos: Thanks for the question. We are very pleased with the performance of SPINRAZA ex-U.S. and I'm also pleased with the performance in the U.S. even if, you know we did face some discontinuation due to the compounded effect of COVID, and also the perceived the enhanced modality with the [indiscernible] the convenience. And so there are lots of learning that are coming from the U.S. to apply to Europe and ex-Europe. We can see a very strong resilience in core European markets, and we can see a very fast momentum of growth in the emerging geographies.  So, all-in-all, I am very pleased. I think that moving forward with the pandemic improving with the rate of vaccination, the fear to visit institution will gradually decrease, and the [indiscernible] data continues to reinforce the [indiscernible] that basically the product is not that [difficult issues] for the toddlers above the age of five. The dose limitation because of all the reasons that we all know, basically is set the limit in terms of efficacy, while the weight of the young adult or toddler young adult increase, which is the largest part of the market, and where we have faced some switches.  So obviously, the learning from the U.S. will benefit probably ex-U.S. in an environment where we should have less of the pandemic. I am pleased with the emerging economies where rare diseases were not the priority for so long, and nowadays, you know, on the agenda in terms of resource allocation, so very good momentum. Concerning TECFIDERA, in China, you know, it's a second product approved in China for Biogen and I am delighted about that. As you know, I was posted there for my previous company during four years with my family. And I fundamentally believe into the long-term potential of this market that is already the number two in the world.  So, the demand is tremendous. And epidemiology is rapidly emerging with similarities with the one of West. So, incidence is lower for MS, but they are still more than 100,000 patients. The rate of diagnosis and the rate of treatment with the [DMTs] is extremely low. It's less than 5% of the market. So, disabilities are high, and it gives a great opportunity to establish TECFIDERA together with the rest of the portfolio with a bit more time hopefully. China is an important market for Biogen. We are managing Asia-Pac [with Japan] from China.  We have partnered with a Chinese company on a biosimilar. So it's an invest geography. Obviously, we don't lose the focus on the rest, but good momentum in China, we have a great team, more than 200 people. And it's only the beginning. Thank you for the questions.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Yatin Suneja of Guggenheim Partners. Please go ahead.
Yatin Suneja: Hey, guys. Thank you for taking my question. I have a question on zuranolone; can you maybe talk about the expectation from the upcoming waterfall study? The importance of durability, and how should we think about, you know, durability beyond the two-week dosing period? Do you need to [indiscernible] you know, beyond Day 15 and how the powering might be structured after the primary endpoint? Thank you.
Al Sandrock: Hi, this is Al. Yeah, so the primary endpoint is the efficacy at Day 15. And, you know, a key secondary endpoint is the durability, if you will at Day 42. And, you know, there's two ways to look at that. One is, does it stay separated from placebo or perhaps more importantly, what happens between Day 15 and Day 42 on the efficacy on HAM-D score in the treated patients.  And so, I think that if you look at prior precedents, the latter is probably more important than the former. But I think both will need to be looked at. And then of course, the key durability comes from the data from SHORELINE, which shows that patients who responded to the initial course of treatment need at most one additional treatment, about 70% needed at most one additional treatment for an entire year. So, I think that both kinds of durability are important.
Operator: Well take our next question from Umer Raffat of Evercore. Please go ahead.
Umer Raffat: Hi, thanks so much for taking my questions. Michel, Michael, I would just like to understand the doc repurchase trends better, and I'm specifically looking at over $10 billion worth of repurchases that were done between 4Q 2019 through 3Q 2020 versus around a billion that's been done in 4Q 2020 and 1Q 2021. I'm just trying to understand the drop in magnitude better. And I realize we can't necessarily correlate that to one specific thing, but I would just love to understand the thought process there?
Mike McDonnell: Umer its Mike. Thanks for the question. So, a couple comments. I would say that, you know, we did buy back $600 million in the quarter and we continue to be very committed to our share repurchase program, and we continue to see our stock as a very accretive investment and we will continue to buy back stock and utilize a portion of the remaining $4 billion authorization throughout the rest of the year, as we said.  You know, if you look back five years, Biogens repurchase, something on the order of 71 million shares for a total value of $20 billion. And I would say that we've certainly availed ourselves of a great opportunity there. And I think that you do have to differentiate levels of cash flow prior to the entry of generics for TECFIDERA. Obviously, that was a highly profitable product with a large revenue base in the U.S., that's now eroding pretty rapidly.  So, we don't have the level of free cash flow that we had prior to that, but with that said, we still do have a meaningful amount of cash with $3.4 billion on hand at the end of the quarter. And we remain very committed to share repurchases. There is a differential obviously, in the level of free cash flow, and we had a lot of excess cash on hand during various periods of time, even more than we have now, prior to the generic situation. So, within the confines of what we can do, we remain very committed. 600 million is still a pretty meaningful number. And we will continue to evaluate a very robust pipeline of BD opportunities.  We will continue to invest in those, you probably saw that we announced investment in a biosimilar opportunity with BioThera that we're excited about, and we will continue to repurchase shares. And we have the wherewithal to do that. So, I wouldn't read too much into the volume as being a sign that we're not committed to it, because we're something that we continue to see as a very accretive investment.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Matthew Harrison of Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Matthew Harrison: Great. Good morning. Al, I was wondering if you could just comment on tau, and you know, just given what we've seen from some of the other studies, what your level of confidence is in the space you readout that's coming up. Thanks.
Al Sandrock: Yeah. Hi, Matthew. Well, youre talking about gosuranemab BIIB092, which is our antibody that targets essentially extracellular tau, trying to prevent the spread of tau from cell-to-cell. And you're right, I mean, the Roche negative results do make us think that, you know that it's tough to target tau with an antibody, but we remain hopeful. We haven't seen the data from our own Phase 2 results yet. Its a large study, 650 plus patients testing several doses. And we're testing it in the early stages of Alzheimer's.  So, I think it's a robust study, that'll enable a very good go, no go decision to Phase 3. I did mention BIIB080 in my prepared comments because it's a different approach to tau. It's using an antisense to decrease the production of tau and it should affect both intracellular and extracellular forms of tau. Very different approach and we're excited about the results that we found in Phase 1 in terms of dose and time dependent reduction in tau expression, as seen in the CSF, and we're looking forward to sharing those results later this year at a scientific meeting.
Operator: We will take our next question from Brian Abrahams of RBC Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Brian Abrahams: Hi, guys, thanks so much for taking my question. On aducanumab, can you maybe remind us, again of the Phase 3 monitoring requirements for safety in those studies, and maybe your latest views on what you think would be most appropriate in a real world setting? I guess what preparation centers would need to have for both management and monitoring, as well as optimizing benefit risk on the patients who start adu? Thanks.
Mike McDonnell: Hi Brian. The main adverse event associated with adu is ARIA-E. And that's readily monitored by very standard sequence used for MRI scans. And in the Phase 3 trial, most of the  almost all of the monitoring was done within the first year of treatment because the risk ARIA goes down with time as the longer you treat, the less likely you are to get ARIA-E. And I believe we had six or nine scans in the trial. But we don't think that you'll need that many.  We were being extra cautious in our Phase 3 trials, exactly how many well need will obviously depend on our discussions, if we get to them or when we get to them in terms of the label, which we don't have yet. I would remind you that most of the ARIA-E were asymptomatic. I'd say about two-thirds were asymptomatic. And when symptomatic they were  the symptoms were generally mild, such as headache and confusion.  So, I think it's readily dealt with, readily managed adverse event. And I think the sites  because almost all, I mean, virtually every center, even a private practice clinics have access  ready access to MRI, and as I said, it's a standard sequence. So, I don't think it's going to be a major problem to monitor for ARIA.
Operator: Well take our next question from Colin Bristow of UBS. Please go ahead.
Colin Bristow: Hey, good morning and congrats on the quarter. On the [EMBARK trial], I believe you reduced the planned enrollment from 2,400 to 1,800. I was just wondering, could you give us some color on the drivers of this? Was it a slow enrollment and your expectations? But most importantly, I wondered if you could give us  do you have any data around the enrollment rates from the aducanumab arms versus placebo arms for the [feeder trials]? Thanks.
Mike McDonnell: Yeah, thanks for the question. EMBARK is enrolling, the rate of enrollment is actually as predicted, it's enrolling on track. But as you noted, the total number of patients to be enrolled was reduced. And the main reason for that was that there were eligibility requirements, medical eligibility requirements that were not met by many of the patients who were seeking to enroll in EMBARK. I'd say though, that the interest level on the part of patients, as well as investigators remains high. And as I said, the enrollment does remain on track. And I don't have the data on whether or not there's differential enrollment from the different feeder arms.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Evan Seigerman of Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
Evan Seigerman: Hi all, thank you for taking my question. I just wanted to touch on the recent data readout of SAGE-324, while you had the [statistic result] on the primary, we did see a very high discontinuation rate in the treatment arm. Two things, can you remind us how you plan to mitigate this in a pivotal trial? And what is the acceptable rate of somnolence for a successful commercial asset in [indiscernible]? Thank you.
Mike McDonnell: Well, you're correct that, as I stated in my comments, the primary endpoint was met, which I think and I want to congratulate my colleagues at SAGE for that. That's a major result. The obvious thing to do now since we tested the high-end of the dose range is to see whether we can reduce the dose, mitigate some of the adverse events while maintaining efficacy. There may be other [maneuvers] such as changing the dosing algorithm, if you will, perhaps easing up to a dose, titrating, and other approaches would include potentially looking at the key subgroups. In terms of what's acceptable? I think that's a very tough thing to answer definitively. I think that every patient looks at the benefit they're receiving from a drug and the tolerability issues they have to accept with the drug. Its probably a day-to-day decision that patients make and in this situation, they can see themselves of what's going on with the tremor. And perhaps there'll be several doses one day, that'll allow patients to choose between doses that optimize for them the benefit versus the risk.
Michel Vounatsos: Evan, I think that at this stage of development, the mindset of the team is to try to do better than what we have seen with this initial Phase 2, 60% or so symptomatology and approximately 30% discontinuation. So, it's a fascinating question that you asked. It's all about the benefit risk, but the mindset is you should try to do better.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Jay Olson of Oppenheimer. Please go ahead.
Jay Olson: Hi, thanks for taking my question. My question is about your subcu strategy. Do you consider subcu TYSABRI as a complement to IV TYSABRI or substitute that will eventually replace IV TYSABRI? And since there was a study of subcu aducanumab, can you remind us about your plans for a subcu form of aducanumab and how you will apply your experience from subcu TYSABRI to aducanumab?
Michel Vounatsos: So, thanks for the question. We are very excited by the momentum we see behind TYSABRI, high efficacy and a mechanism that is eventually is slightly favored in the current environment versus beta cell depleters. You know, the [stigma] around TYSABRI was always the risk of PML, and with the data we generate and the extendedly interval dose and hopefully the data with the Nova study media readout we should really shed light on the optimal dose and mostly frequency of the treatment.  Subcu is an opportunity to enlarge the target. When we look at the prescribers landscape for TYSABRI, which is a tremendous success, it's extremely limited. And is it because of the infusion centers? Is it because of the risk of PML? Probably both. Here we are combining the opportunity of accessing high efficacy with the subcutaneous dosing. So, we should be in a position to enlarge the use and the targeting for TYSABRI.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Geoff Meacham of Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Geoff Meacham: Hey, guys, good morning and thanks for the question. On [adu], I was just curious if you guys have provided any more materials to regulator, I wasn't sure for the details from the EMBARK study. We're getting factor. And just real quick on tau, Al wanted to just your view of the tau imaging what Lily did just to be able to assess Alzheimers disease severity, is that something that you think down the road could be implemented in your studies? Thank you.
Al Sandrock: Hi, Jeff. Yeah, we remain on track for the PDUFA date of June 7 and obviously if we had submitted major additional data that would affect that. So, but other than that, we don't want to comment on what we're, you know, submitting our interactions with FDA except to say that we continue to have regular meetings with them. And to us, everything's on track for a PDUFA decision on by the PDUFA date. In terms of tau, the concept of using tau imaging essentially to stage patients is a very interesting and novel concept.  And they showed that there are certain, if you look at amyloid pet as well as tau pet, you could potentially choose patients with the right stage of Alzheimer's disease that would maximally benefit from an amyloid lowering agent such as donanemab and potentially aducanumab and BAN2401. So, I think it's a very interesting concept. I think it's something that we need to look at again and with further study, but it's something that could potentially be useful.
Operator: We'll now take our last question from Sumant Kulkarni of Canaccord. Please go ahead.
Sumant Kulkarni: Good morning. Thanks for taking the question. Given youre so deep in the FDA review of aducanumab, other than perhaps stage of Alzheimer's disease of patients, what are your latest thoughts or expectations on any specific limitations and labeling of adu, perhaps by APOE4 carrier status or other more genetic oriented variables?
Mike McDonnell: Yeah, I wish I could, you know, I just can't answer those types of questions. We're still in the middle of our review process. And I'm sensitive to the fact that we're under review. So, one day soon, I hope to be able to discuss all that with you.
Sumant Kulkarni: Thank you.
Michel Vounatsos: I want to thank you all for joining the Biogen call today. We remain focused on flawless execution and our operation in order to deliver on our guidance. We are also focused on the velocity of our [pipe]. And in the short run, we are very excited with important readouts and obviously with a critically important regulatory decision for aducanumab. Have a good day.
Operator: Thank you. That now concludes the call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2020 Q4  (2021-02-03 08:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning. My name is Jake, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Biogen Fourth Quarter and Full Year Earnings Call and Financial Update. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. I would now like to turn the conference over to Mr. Mike Hencke, Director, Investor Relations. Mr. Hencke, you may begin your conference.
Mike Hencke: Thank you, Jake. Good morning, and welcome to Biogen's fourth quarter 2020 earnings call. Before we begin, I encourage everyone to go to the Investors section of biogen.com to find the earnings release and related financial tables, including our GAAP financial measures and a reconciliation of the GAAP to non-GAAP financial measures that we will discuss today. Our GAAP financials are provided in Tables 1 and 2, and Table 4 includes a reconciliation of our GAAP to non-GAAP financial results. We believe non-GAAP financial results better represent the ongoing economics of our business and reflect how we manage the business internally. Weve also posted slides on our website that follow the discussions related to this call. I would like to point out that we will be making forward-looking statements, which are based on our current expectations and beliefs. These statements are subject to certain risks and uncertainties and our actual results may differ materially. I encourage you to consult the risk factors discussed in our SEC filings for additional detail. On today's call, I am joined by our Chief Executive Officer, Michel Vounatsos; Dr. Al Sandrock, EVP, Research and Development; and our CFO, Mike McDonnell. I will now turn the call over to Michel.
Michel Vounatsos: Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us. I would like to start by thanking Joe Mara for his excellent contribution to Biogen during the past 14 years, and also congratulation for his well-deserved promotion. At the same time, Im delighted to have Mike Hencke, stepping into the role. As weve announced last week, the FDA has extended the review timeline for aducanumab in the U.S to June 7. We are committed to working with the FDA as it completes its review of the aducanumab application and we continue to stand behind our clinical data. We believe our results support approval. Let me now review the year. 2020 was a year of uncertainties due to COVID-19 for both society at large and also for our industry. And I am proud of what the Biogen team delivered. For the full year 2020, Biogen generated $13.4 billion in revenue, representing a 6% decrease year-over-year, as we are experiencing the erosion of TECFIDERA revenue in the U.S due to the impact of generic entry. Full year 2020 non-GAAP earnings were $33.70 a share, a slight increase versus full year 2019. Now let me review our progress against our strategic priorities. First, full year MS revenues including OCREVUS royalties were $8.7 billion, a decrease of 6% versus the prior year. Excluding TECFIDERA in the U.S., our global MS revenue remained relatively stable for both Q4 and the full year versus 2019. Despite the challenges of launching a new product during COVID-19, we were pleased to see strong improvement in trends for VUMERITY, which has become the number two MS product and the number one overall, in terms of new prescriptions in the U.S. We believe these results demonstrate our ability to maintain leadership and execute well, despite increased competition, the erosion of TECFIDERA revenue in the U.S and COVID-19. Second, SPINRAZA generated full year global revenues of $2.1 billion, a 2% decrease versus the prior year. Q4 global revenues was stable versus Q3. While SPINRAZA is facing increased competition in the U.S., which has been exacerbated by the impact of COVID-19, this was offset by continued growth outside the U.S. We remain committed to further exploring the potential to enhance outcomes for patients with SPINRAZA. This includes the DEVOTE study testing a higher dose, as well as the recent initiation of the RESPOND study evaluating SPINRAZA in patients with a sub-optimal clinical response to gene therapy. There are important questions that remain unanswered on the other approved treatment options. And we are committed to generating relevant data to further inform treatment choices. We believe that SPINRAZA will remain a foundation of care in the treatment of SMA. Third, biosimilars delivered solid performance despite continued COVID-19 impact, with revenues of $796 million for 2020, which represents 8% growth year-over-year. We estimate that the use of biosimilar generated approximately 2.4 billion of savings to the European Health Care Systems in 2020, which should help expand access and create headroom for new innovation. We also made important progress towards potential geographic expansion and future growth for biosimilars business with the filing of SB11, referencing LUCENTIS in the U.S., where, over the next 5 years biosimilars are expected to generate over $100 billion in savings. Fourth, 2020 was a very positive year for our R&D organization. Last year we submitted regulatory filing for aducanumab in the U.S., EU and Japan. We remain ready to launch aducanumab in the U.S if and when it is approved. Our teams have evaluated the availability of specialists, infusion capacity, the ability to confirm the pathology of amyloid beta, MRI capacity and formulary approval processes. We believe there are several 100 sites in the U.S that are ready to start treating patients should aducanumab be approved. Beyond aducanumab, we addressed or advanced 12 new clinical programs last year across MS, ALS, Parkinson's disease, depression, and biosimilars, including for in Phase 3. Importantly, we entered new strategic collaboration with Sage and Denali, providing access to potential first-in-class therapies for serious neurological disorders, such as depression and Parkinson's disease. Our collaboration with Sage adds important late stage diversification through Phase 3 programs in both major depressive disorders and postpartum depression with critical readouts expected this year and asset in depression would offer multiple synergies across Biogen's existing portfolio. Overall in 2021, we expect eight mid to late stage data readouts including four programs in Phase 3. Fifth, our cash flow generation continues to provide us with significant flexibility to allocate capital. During 2020, we returned approximately $6.7 billion of capital to shareholders and allocated roughly $3 billion for business development to enhance our pipeline. In summary, 2020 was a very productive year for the company as we have executed in our strategy. Despite the challenges from COVID-19 and TECFIDERA generics, we have maintained global leadership across our core businesses in MS, SMA and biosimilars, and we have made significant progress towards building a multi franchise portfolio. As Mike will outline with our guidance, we believe 2021 will be a reset year for the company financially on both the top and bottom lines, but we believe we can grow the company over the long-term. As we have demonstrated in the past, we are committed to maximizing returns for our shareholders, as we aim to bring innovative therapies to patients. I will now turn the call over to Al for a more detailed update on our recent progress in R&D.
Alfred Sandrock, Jr.: Thank you, Michel, and good morning, everyone. I'd like to begin by thanking my colleagues in R&D for their dedication to discovering and developing innovative, potentially life changing therapies for patients in need. As a result of their hard work, 2020 was a year of milestones for Biogen. We made significant progress toward building a multi franchise portfolio with 10 programs now in either Phase 3 or filed across a number of key therapeutic areas. We are proud that after more than a decade of work aimed at introducing the first treatments that treat the underlying pathophysiology of Alzheimer's disease, we have completed regulatory filings of aducanumab in multiple geographies. We hope that these filings will pave the way to the introduction of the first therapies that may slow the inevitable clinical decline in patients around the world suffering from Alzheimer's disease. Moreover, our collaboration partners at Eisai initiated the AHEAD 3-45 trial, designed to evaluate whether BAN2401 may be a benefit in people with the early pathology of Alzheimer's disease even before they're aware of cognitive impairments. Finally, we bolstered our early and late stage pipeline through both internal development and collaborations with leading neuroscience companies, including Denali, Sage and Sangamo. Let me now turn to the progress we made in the fourth quarter, starting with Alzheimer's disease and dementia. The clinical trials of aducanumab were the first to show in randomized double-blind placebo controlled studies in an antibody that target aggregated forms of amyloid results in the robust removal of amyloid plaque and reduce its clinical decline in Alzheimer's disease. Recently, Eli Lilly released results from the Phase 2 trial of donanemab, another anti- amyloid antibody for Alzheimer's disease. These top line results indicate that donanemab is now the third molecule after aducanumab and BAN2401 to show that antibodies that target the amyloid plaque and produce a robust effect on amyloid plaque reduction also produced a clinical benefit. These Phase 2 results seen with donanemab were comparable to what was demonstrated by aducanumab in its Phase 3 trials in terms of amyloid plaque reduction as measured in centiloid as well as clinical effect as measured on a composite scale of ADAS-Cog activities of daily living. We plan to present further details on these data at the upcoming AD/PD meeting in March. These data continued to strengthen our belief that antibodies that target the forms of a-beta concentrated in the amyloid plaque may produce therapeutic benefits, thus distinguishing these molecules from earlier anti-amyloid antibodies. Thus, we are optimistic about the potential for BAN2401 that is currently being evaluated in the Clarity Phase 3 trial. The target enrollment for Clarity has recently been increased by approximately 200 patients to mitigate COVID-19 related dosing challenges in consultation with the FDA. Nevertheless, the anticipated readout timing of Q3 2022 remains unchanged. In addition to anti-amyloid therapies, we continue to pursue a number of approaches targeting tau, which when misfolded, is the principal constituent of neurofibrillary tangles, another hallmark of Alzheimer's pathology. We expect data from the Phase 2 study of gosuranemab, our anti-tau antibody that aims to prevent the spread of tau in the brain in the first half of this year. We also have BIIB080, a tau targeted antisense oligonucleotide that aims to reduce the production of all forms of tau. In collaboration with Ionis, we recently learned that the Phase 1b multiple ascending dose study in mild Alzheimer's disease patients, a BIIB080 treatment was generally well-tolerated and resulted in a dose and time dependent reduction from baseline in CSF total tau and phospho-tau with durability of effect. We plan to present additional details at an upcoming scientific meeting. We are currently finalizing plans to advance BIIB080 into a Phase 2 study in Alzheimer's disease. In summary, across amyloid and tau, as well as other targets in the preclinical stage, we are advancing an industry leading pipeline that seeks to alter the course of Alzheimer's disease. Turning to MS, we have made significant progress in bolstering our existing MS franchise. This includes the approval of intramuscular PLEGRIDY in the United States and in the European Union, a positive CHMP opinion for subcutaneous TYSABRI and the submission of a marketing authorization application for VUMERITY in the EU. Additionally, we expect a readout for the NOVA study, evaluating the efficacy of extended interval dosing of TYSABRI by midyear. We recently added BIIB107, an antibody that targets alpha4 integrins to our MS pipeline. The clinical utility of targeting alpha4 integrins has been proved with TYSABRI, a highly efficacious treatment for relapsing MS. BIIB107 is a new molecular entity that has demonstrated higher binding affinity, reduced Fc effector function and a predictable pharmacological effect in preclinical study. Our intent is to integrate all of our learnings from TYSABRI including extended interval dosing so as to optimize safety, the dosing regimen and patient convenience while maintaining the high efficacy of TYSABRI. In neuromuscular disorders, we aim to continue enhancing the therapeutic benefit of SPINRAZA and recently announced that we dosed the first patient in the RESPOND study, which will evaluate the effect of SPINRAZA in patients who have had a suboptimal clinical response to gene therapy. We also continue to enroll patients in the DEVOTE study, which is evaluating whether the higher doses of SPINRAZA can provide greater efficacy than the currently approved dose. In ALS, we recently enrolled the last patient in the Phase 3 trial evaluating to a person an SOD1 ALS, and we look forward to the readout in the second half of this year. In movement disorders, we were disappointed to learn that the Phase 2 study of BIIB054 in Parkinson's disease did not meet the primary or secondary endpoints. Based on our Phase 1 data in CSF samples with BIIB054, we believe we have tested doses in the Phase 2 trial that were sufficient to engage extracellular alpha-synuclein in the central nervous system. As a result, we have decided to discontinue development of BIIB054 and plan to present detailed studies at a future scientific -- study results at a future scientific meeting. Nevertheless, we believe that the study provides a high-quality clinical data set that can be used to inform our future reference in Parkinson's disease. Denali recently announced completion of the Phase 1b study for BIIB122, otherwise known as DNL151, a small molecule inhibitor of LRRK2 which met target and pathway engagement goals. We expect to initiate late stage clinical development in Parkinson's disease patients by the end of this year. In stroke, TMS completed enrollment for the Phase 2 trial of TMS-007 in acute ischemic stroke in Q4 of 2020, and we are excited about the upcoming readout expected in the first half of this year. TMS-007 is a small molecule modulator of plasminogen and is hypothesized to facilitate thrombolysis selectively at the site of the clot, while simultaneously exerting an anti-inflammatory effect to help reduce the risk of additional tissue damage. We believe the targeted mechanism of action of TMS-007 may result in significant advantages over recombinant tissue plasminogen activator, or TPA, which currently remains the standard of care for ischemic stroke. This includes potentially extending the therapeutic window to 12 hours or beyond, up from the 3 or 4.5 hour window of TPA and reduce the risk of adverse bleeding events. For these reasons, we believe TMS-007 represents a potential best-in-class thrombolytic agent. We continue to enroll patients in the Phase 3 trial of BIIB093 for the treatment of cerebral edema caused by large hemispheric infarction, despite the challenges posed by the COVID-19 pandemic. Finally, we've had a very productive quarter on the business development front, executing a number of collaborations that provide access to innovative potential first-in-class therapies. Significantly accelerating our expansion into neuropsychiatry, we entered into a collaboration with Sage, a leader in psychiatry. Major depressive disorder, or MDD, and postpartum depression or PPD are highly prevalent disorders, and we believe that Sage's lead asset, zuranolone has the potential to be a first-in-class oral therapy for both. We look forward to multiple Phase 3 upcoming Phase 3 readouts for zuranolone this year, which includes WATERFALL, for the episodic treatment of MDD; CORAL, for rapid response therapy when co-initiated with standard anti-depressive therapy and MDD and SKYLARK in PPD. Beyond zuranolone, we will also collaborate on SAGE-324 currently in development for essential tremor, with a readout of the Phase 2 study expected in early 2021. Furthering our commitment in ophthalmology, we entered into a collaboration with ViGeneron with the goal of developing gene therapies to treat inherited retinal diseases. With this collaboration, we aim to use ViGeneron's proprietary AAV capsids to efficiently transduce retinal cells via intravitreal injections, which could potentially be performed in the clinic and offer efficacy via significantly enhanced retinal area coverage as compared to sub-retinal injection through surgery. More recently, we entered into a collaboration with Atalanta Therapeutics based on technology that comes from the RNA therapeutics Institute at the University of Massachusetts, started by Nobel laureate, Dr. Craig Mello. As part of this collaboration, Atalanta will utilize its proprietary branched siRNA platform to develop potential treatments for multiple CNS targets, including HTT for the treatment of Huntington's disease. This collaboration with Atalanta, combined with our recent collaborations with Sangamo, Scribe, ViGeneron and the Massachusetts Eye and Ear Infirmary, as well as our long-term collaboration with Ionis extend our ASO and RNAi capabilities and complement our ongoing efforts in gene therapy, including the development of our gene therapy assets for inherited retinal disorders. Additionally, we created a gene therapy accelerator unit to focus on solving the key technological challenges in the field with the goal of bringing to market more gene therapies that may transform the lives of patients. In 2020, Biogen R&D assembled and progressed a cutting edge neuroscience pipeline, employing state-of-the-art therapeutic modalities against genetically well validated drug targets. As a result, we believe we are well-positioned for growth in a transformative year with eight clinical trial readouts anticipated, including four pivotal programs. We remain optimistic on the opportunities ahead of us. And we believe we are entering a promising time for neurotherapeutics and their ability to meaningfully impact the lives of patients, including potentially bringing the first therapy to change the course of Alzheimer's disease. I will now pass the call over to Mike.
Michael McDonnell: Thank you, Al, and good morning, everyone. Biogen had another solid quarter despite the challenges from COVID-19 and TECFIDERA U.S generics as we continue to execute well, and maintain global leadership across our core businesses. We remain in a very strong financial position with significant cash and financial capacity to continue to grow the business over the long-term. I will now review our financial performance for the quarter and also share with you our guidance for 2021. Total revenue for the fourth quarter of $2.9 billion declined 22% versus the prior year both actual and constant currency. Total revenue for the full year of $13.4 billion declined 6% versus the prior year at both actual and constant currency. This decline was mostly driven by TECFIDERA generic entry in the U.S. Total MS revenue for the fourth quarter, including OCREVUS royalties of $1.8 billion, decreased 24% versus the prior year both actual and constant currency. Total MS revenue for the full year, including OCREVUS royalties of $8.7 billion, decreased 6% versus the prior year at actual currency and 5% at constant currency. This decline was also driven by the entrance of multiple generics of TECFIDERA in the U.S. Excluding U.S TECFIDERA, total MS revenue including OCREVUS royalties, was relatively flat both in the fourth quarter and the full year versus the prior year, demonstrating the resilience of our MS business in a competitive market. Global [ph] TECFIDERA revenue for the fourth quarter of $608 million declined 48% versus the prior year, and revenue for the full year of $3.8 billion declined 13%. Outside of the U.S., fourth quarter TECFIDERA revenue of $288 million increased 1% versus the prior year and full year revenue of $1.2 billion increased 3% with continued patient growth. During the quarter, we saw continued improvement in VUMERITY trends. VUMERITY revenue was $39 million in the fourth quarter. TYSABRI fourth quarter global revenue of $475 million was relatively flat versus the prior year and full year revenue of $1.9 billion grew 3% for the full year. We were pleased to see continued global patient growth throughout the year and believe TYSABRI is well-positioned to play an increasingly important role in the treatment of MS as we progressed several important initiatives, including subcutaneous administration and extended interval dosing. Moving now to SMA. Global fourth quarter SPINRAZA revenue of $498 million decreased 8% versus the prior year at actual currency and 10% at constant currency. In the U.S., SPINRAZA revenue decreased by 34% versus the prior year as we see an impact from competition, which is exacerbated by COVID-19. Outside the U.S., SPINRAZA revenue grew 13% versus the prior year with strong growth in emerging markets, partially offset by the maturation of larger European markets. For the full year, global SPINRAZA revenue of $2.1 billion decreased 2% versus the prior year at actual currency and 1% at constant currency. Full year U.S SPINRAZA revenue decreased 16% and full year revenue outside the U.S grew 9%. Although new competition and COVID-19 have had an impact on SPINRAZA, as you heard from Michel and Al, we believe SPINRAZA has a very strong efficacy and safety profile and will continue to be a foundation of care. Moving to our biosimilars business. Fourth quarter revenue of $197 million was flat versus the prior year at actual currency and declined 4% of constant currency. Full year revenue of $796 million grew 8% versus the prior year at actual currency and grew 6% at constant currency. Our biosimilars business continues to be negatively impacted by pricing pressure, as well as a slowdown in new treatments and reduced clinic capacity due to COVID-19. Despite the continued impact of COVID-19, we continue to be the leading anti-TNF biosimilar provider in Europe and BENEPALI continues to be the number one prescribed etanercept product across Europe. We believe we have the opportunity to continue to grow in Europe, as well as within the U.S and other geographies by commercializing new products developed by our Samsung Bioepis JV and other biosimilar products. Total anti-CD20 revenue in the fourth quarter of $419 million decreased 30% versus the prior year with relatively flat OCREVUS royalties and a 45% decrease in revenue from RITUXAN. Total anti-CD20 revenue for the full year of $2 billion decreased 14% versus the prior year, with a 23% increase in OCREVUS royalties and a 29% decrease in revenue from RITUXAN. The decrease in RITUXAN revenue is due to the impacts of COVID-19 and accelerating erosion from biosimilars. Turning now to gross margin. Fourth quarter gross margin was 83% of revenue versus 88% in the fourth quarter of 2019. The decrease was due to the declines in TECFIDERA and RITUXAN, both of which are high margin products as well as higher costs related to our corporate partner revenue due to product mix. Gross margin for the full year 2020 was 87% versus 86% in 2019. Moving now to expenses. Q4 non-GAAP R&D expense was $642 million and includes $68 million related to external collaboration agreements with Scribe, Atalanta and ViGeneron. Full year non-GAAP R&D expense was $2.1 billion. Q4 non-GAAP SG&A was $793 million, including approximately $100 million related to launch preparations for aducanumab. Full year non-GAAP SG&A was $2.5 billion, including approximately $250 million related to aducanumab. In Q4 of this year, our effective non-GAAP tax rate was approximately 16% flat versus the fourth quarter of 2019. Our full year effective non-GAAP tax rate was approximately 18% versus approximately 16% in 2019. During the fourth quarter, we repurchased 1.6 million shares of the company's common stock for a total value of $400 million. Throughout 2020, we repurchased 22.4 million shares for a total value of $6.7 billion. As of December 31 2020, there was $4.6 billion remaining under the share repurchase program, which was authorized in October of 2020. Our weighted average diluted share count was approximately 154 million shares for the fourth quarter and 161 million shares for the full year. Non-GAAP diluted earnings per share in the fourth quarter was $4.58. Full year non-GAAP diluted earnings per share was $33.70, a $0.13 increase versus the prior year and above our most recent guidance range. In 2020, we generated approximately $4.2 billion in net cash flow from operations. Capital expenditures for the full year were $425 million and free cash flow was approximately $3.8 billion. We ended the year with $3.4 billion in cash and marketable securities, and $7.4 billion in debt, resulting in $4 billion in net debt. Additionally, our $1 billion revolving credit facility was undrawn as of the end of the year. Let me now turn to our full year guidance for 2021. We expect full year 2021 revenue to be between $10.45 billion and $10.75 billion; non-GAAP diluted EPS to be between $17 and $18.50 per share; and capital expenditures to be between $375 million and $425 million. It is important to note that this guidance is based on a number of critical assumptions, which are currently uncertain. Changes in these assumptions could materially impact our results. Our guidance assumes aducanumab will be approved in the U.S by June 7, although uncertainty remains on the FDA's decision. If aducanumab is approved in the U.S., we would expect an immediate launch. However, those titration will result in less revenue per patient in the initial months of treatment. As a result, we would expect only modest revenue for aducanumab in 2021, ramping thereafter. Post commercialization, we would book 100% of net revenue in the U.S., and A size profit share of 45% would be booked in a separate line item, which is not part of R&D or SG&A. In addition, while the erosion of our U.S TECFIDERA business to date has been slower than anticipated, if we are unsuccessful in our legal appeals, we expect a sharp decline during the first half of 2021 and this is our guidance assumption. We also expect significant erosion of RITUXAN in the U.S. Along with TECFIDERA, we expect that the reduction in revenue from these high margin products will put pressure on our gross margin percentage. Also as a reminder, in Q2 of 2020, we recorded $330 million in revenues related to the one-time license of certain manufacturing related intellectual property, which was at 100% gross margin. We expect non-GAAP R&D expenses will be between $2.35 billion and $2.45 billion. We remain committed to our long-term growth through continued investment in our pipeline, which has now grown to a total of 33 programs across 10 therapeutic areas including 10 programs, which are in Phase 3 or filed. Importantly, we expect our pipeline to generate eight important mid to late stage readouts this year including four in Phase 3. We expect non-GAAP SG&A expenses will be between $2.6 billion and $2.7 billion. This estimate includes an approximate $600 million investment in support of the potential launch of aducanumab. Of this amount, approximately $200 million would be reimbursable by Eisai and would be reflected as collaboration profit sharing, post commercialization and not part of SG&A. In addition, it is important to note that we have allocated a significant portion of our manufacturing capacity to aducanumab, which could impact 2021 results if aducanumab is not approved. We expect our non-GAAP tax rate for 2021 to be between 16% and 17%, and we assume we will utilize a portion of the remaining share repurchase authorization of $4.6 billion throughout the year, although this will depend on a variety of factors including our business development activity. Foreign exchange rates as of December 31, 2020 are assumed to remain in effect for the year net of hedging activities. And we have not included any impact from potential tax or health care reform or any impact from potential acquisitions or large business development transactions. Going forward, we plan to update our full year financial guidance each quarter. I'll now turn the call back over to Michel for his closing comments.
Michel Vounatsos: Thank you, Mike. Biogen demonstrated resilience and strong execution in 2020 positioning as well to manage the impact of the TECFIDERA generics and to make 2021 a transformative year for the company as we continue executing on our strategy to build a multi franchise portfolio. We are advancing an industry leading pipeline for Alzheimer's disease. We are waiting an important decision on aducanumab in the U.S now expected by early June. As AI described, our belief in the therapeutic approach of targeting amyloid plaques has never been stronger. We believe that our data supports the approval of aducanumab and we are optimistic about BAN2401 one in Phase 3. We are also pursuing complimentary approaches targeting tau pathology with three clinical assets targeting extracellular tau with an antibody or intracellular tau with an ASO. We begin 2021 with an expanded and diversified pipeline and we anticipate eight mid to late stage readouts by the end of this year. These include four pivotal and four Phase 2 readouts across a number of therapeutic areas characterized by significant unmet medical needs, such as ALS, stroke and the new Phase 3 programs in MDD and PPD with Sage. We also expect significant milestone across our core business this year. In MS, we are launching intramuscular PLEGRIDY and we are planning for the potential launch of subcutaneous TYSABRI as well as important data on extended interval dosing in the middle of the year. As we build for the medium to long-term, we aim to scale our digital capabilities to further meet the need of patients. As part of our vision to lead in Alzheimer's disease, we are excited to be collaborating with Apple to develop potential digital biomarkers that may aid in diagnosing and monitoring disease progression at the earlier stage of cognitive decline. I want to reiterate our commitment to maximizing returns for our shareholders and bring innovative therapies to patients over the long-term. This demands that we continue to allocate capital efficiently, effectively and appropriately. As we have demonstrated in the past, we will always strive to have an optimal capital structure as well as aiming for superior returns from the investment we make. Lastly, I would like to reflect upon Biogen's long standing commitment to corporate responsibility. Our dedication to patients and the broader society is not only limited to developing novel therapeutics for patients suffering from serious diseases, but extends much further. At Biogen, we take a holistic view of health and strive to improve the broader society we serve. Now, more than ever, we continue to invest in climate and health, access and equity as well as diversity and inclusion. In closing, I would like to thank our employees around the world who have demonstrated dedication to making a positive impact on patients' life and all of the physicians, caregivers and participants in our clinical development programs our past and future achievements could not be realized without a passion and commitment. We will now open the call for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Matthew Harrison with Morgan Stanley. And Matthew, you may be muted. Please unmute your line.
Maxwell Skor: Oh, sorry about that. This is Max Skor on the line for Matthew Harrison. Can you elaborate on the design of the RESPONSE study? How do you define suboptimal response to gene therapy? And what are your expectations around how long it will take to enroll the study? Thank you.
Michel Vounatsos: Thank you for the question. I will answer. It demonstrates basically our commitment to best inform clinical practice based on the new modalities that we have for the good and for the benefit of patients. It was also our mindset in terms of having SPINRAZA as the foundation of care in SMA treatment. Al?
Alfred Sandrock, Jr.: Yes. The RESPONSE study and will enroll about 60 patients. It's based on physician determination that RESPONSE is suboptimal based, for example, on CHOP INTEND scores. And in the future, we may also be advocating for other measurements of suboptimal response. But yes, it'll be a 2-year study and we'll look to see whether motor milestones based on scale, such as the Hammersmith score are improved by adding a SPINRAZA.
Operator: We will now move to our next question. We'll hear from Terrence Flynn with Goldman Sachs.
Terence Flynn: Great. Good morning. Thanks for taking the questions. I just had a two part one. I was just wondering if you can, Michel, maybe provide any perspective on the decision here to include aducanumab approval in your guidance. And then anything you can share at this point regarding your pricing strategy broadly. I know you're probably not going to give specifics, but can you just talk high level? Do you see this more as a specialty price drug versus a primary care biologic and any early read from payers? Thank you.
Michel Vounatsos: Providing the guidance it's basically the best reflection on how we see the business moving forward. Even these are assumptions that we decide on, that may not represent the reality moving forward, which is basically the business in which we are. But this is the best belief that we have, while we speak. Concerning price, we are getting there. We had very large engagements with many stakeholders. And basically, there are two main dimensions. The first one is the clinical meaningfulness, and potentially in terms of cognitive functions, but also functional aspects on activity of daily living. This is one side of the equation. The second one is the cost of Alzheimer's to society, which is nowadays more than $550 billion a year in the U.S. The cost for caring per patient, and if Im not mistaken, its more than $0.5 million. By the age of 80, 75% of the patients are in nursing home and this costs more than $100,000 a year. And these are the main element that we consider in our wide engagement on the important topic of price we are getting there, as I said, but too early to give more specifics.
Operator: We will now move to our next question. We will hear from Marc Goodman with SVB Leerink. Please go ahead.
Marc Goodman: Yes, good morning. On adu, I'm just -- we're all trying to understand given your close working relationship with the FDA and how long it's been going on and how much data they have already gotten, it's hard for us to understand what else they could possibly need, what they don't know. So I was wondering if there was any type of color you could just give us on that? Was there any data from the EMBARK study that they were asking for? Just any more clarity around the situation would be helpful? And then just secondly, just on the SG&A, $600 million that you're committed to, can you just talk about how the gating of spend is going to be -- is that on launch? Meaning it's all going to be in the second half of the year? Or half of that in the first half of the year? Just trying to understand if adu was not approved in the middle of the year, how much of that spend is actually going to take place? Thank you.
Michel Vounatsos: Thanks for the great question. I will take the first part -- sorry, the second part on the SG&A and Al will come back on the data aspect, the important data aspect. So concerning the SG&A, basically we have only one opportunity to potentially launch well such an important product. So we basically, we sought to deliver a major launch for what could be the first product able to deliver meaningful clinical and functional value to patients affected by the disease and these are potentially 10 million patients in the U.S. It's a multibillion opportunity for the company. We resource to win. Al?
Alfred Sandrock, Jr.: Yes, we've been saying all along that we're under review. And as a normal course, during the review process, there are information requests from FDA. And more recently, we had one that required the submission of additional analyses and clinical data. And that led to a major amendment which led to the PDUFA delay. Beyond that, I don't want to provide too much more detail on to the specifics.
Michel Vounatsos: So Mike will provide a bit more color on the part of your second question on the sequence.
Michael McDonnell: Yes. So, Marc, good morning. I think it's a couple of points of note. Obviously, we'll gait the spend as best we can in the event that we don't receive approval. You should not expect that we would be able to mitigate 100% of those costs, but we would be able to mitigate a meaningful portion and obviously, we would maximize the amount that we would mitigate. The other point that I would just remind on is that in the U.S., substantially all of the costs that we incur for aducanumab are subject to our agreement with Eisai, which in the U.S is reimbursable at the rate of 45%. And so when you look at the guidance that we gave, the $600 million that's in SG&A, there's about $200 million that would be reimbursable out of that, that would come through on a different line in our P&L on our collaboration sharing line. And the reason why that ratio was a little bit different than you would expect is because the accounting is complex, and it differs a bit pre and post launch. Some of the Eisai reimbursements are actually netted in that $600 million and then the rest come through that collaboration line. But at the end of the day, economically, it is a 45% reimbursement schedule. That's important to remember.
Operator: We'll now move to our next caller in the queue. We'll hear from Umer Raffat with Evercore. Go ahead, please.
Umer Raffat: Thanks so much for taking my question. Al, I was just looking to understand how you're thinking through the emerging data from EMBARK redosing study. And I guess what I'm wondering is when you look at, for example, the first interim 24-week efficacy results, do you overlay that with the last data point on a patient-by-patient basis coming off of Phase 3? Or are you comparing the curve in that first 24 weeks versus the curve in the first 24 weeks of the EMERGE and ENGAGE Phase 3s? I guess the challenge with that would be that the initial two Phase 3s were dose titrating in the first 24 weeks. I'm just curious how you're thinking about that. Thank you.
Alfred Sandrock, Jr.: Hi, Umer. Yes. Thank you. Yes, well, we're still enrolling EMBARK. We're partway through enrollment. You're right that the first, as presented at the recent meeting that the first analysis is that 6 months roughly. But some of those issues that you just pointed out are good issues that will need to be addressed in the analytical plan. But, yes, we're still enrolling patients. It's an important study and we should be hopefully completing enrollment soon in the first half or so of this year.
Operator: We'll now move on to our next question. We'll hear from Cory Kasimov with JPMorgan.
Cory Kasimov: Great. Thanks. Thanks for taking the question. Good morning, guys. I guess, AI just a follow-up on the EMBARK question. Is -- are you taking looks at this where if the FDA needed or was requesting information, you'd be able to provide it to them? And then I just wanted to ask if you can kind of frame this pending Phase 2 read out for your anti-tau antibody BIIB092 that's coming up here in the first half kind of remind us of the trial design what you're hoping to show here. Thank you.
Alfred Sandrock, Jr.: Yes, thanks, Cory. Yes, so we will endeavor to provide FDA whatever they asked for in their information request. And if that requires -- looks at trials that are still enrolling or are still ongoing, we will do so. In terms of BIIB092, what we're looking for is an effect on Alzheimer's progression in this largely early stage patients. BIIB092 is -- has shown in Phase 1 trials to have a substantial decrease in extracellular tau. And so -- and the hypothesis is that we're going to block the spread of tau from cell to cell. It's a hypothesis that there's a prime like spread of tau in Alzheimer's disease. So we're going to see over the course of about 1-year, whether or not we affect the progression of Alzheimer's disease using the typical clinical outcome measures.
Operator: Now moving on to our next caller in the queue, Evan Seigerman, Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
Evan Seigerman: Hi, all. Thank you so much for taking the question. So I'm referencing a comment you made earlier, Al, talking about 2021 being a reset year. But taking aducanumab out of the picture, how do revenue and earnings grow in 2022 and beyond? I'm really trying to understand if your outlook and kind of your comments, mainly predicated on aducanumab, there are other significant drivers that we should be thinking about and referencing. Thank you.
Michel Vounatsos: Mike?
Michael McDonnell: Yes. Thanks very much for the question. And as we said in the prepared remarks, we do believe that we have the ability to grow the company over the longer term. Obviously, aducanumab is the catalyst. But we've also got a lot of other very interesting opportunities. We've got 33 programs, including 10 in Phase 3. As we talked about, 8 readouts in 2021, including four in Phase 3. I would point you to our existing products, which are expanding in a lot of the international markets. Biosimilars, I would say the same. The pipeline is very rich. I think Sage is a great addition and we have others. So, obviously, aducanumab is the catalyst, but we do believe that we have the ability to grow the company for the longer term based on what we have in the pipeline and the other pieces that I just mentioned.
Michel Vounatsos: So we expect many readouts this year. So that's why I qualified the year as being transformative. Even if there is a financial reset, transformative in terms of data readouts which is somehow unprecedented for the company with four Phase 3, and four Phase 2s. And in terms of the largest potential based on epidemiology is certainly MDD and PPD. So we -- for which the late stage, they had positive readouts in randomized studies in PPD, and MDD, and we are hopeful. And beyond those, there is EYLEA [ph] and ALS in Phase 3. But beyond aducanumab, we have this pipeline progressing very well. And the core business is solid, it's resilient and we count on that. Financially, we are sitting on cash and we can continue to complement this pipeline. So there are plenty of reasons to believe.
Operator: We will now move to our next caller, Michael Yee with Jefferies. Please go ahead.
Michael Yee: Hi, good morning. Thanks for the question. I just wanted to ask, Al, as a follow-up to his comments around Lily. Whether you believe that data is growing confidence for the scientific community and possibly the regulators, they had a very interesting design, but they also used a different endpoint. And obviously this brought people over to placebo. So maybe you could just follow on, Al, with some of those comments and how you're thinking about that as it relates to even people in the Alzheimer's community who are pretty outspoken about a-beta.
Alfred Sandrock, Jr.: Yes, I think it's helping to support the amyloid hypothesis and supports the concept of targeting amyloid in Alzheimer's disease in the early stages. Lily began working on this antibody, they started publishing on this back in 2012. When they found that to remove preexisting plaque they had to go after -- they had to use an antibody that would get into the -- that would get to the plaque and they showed in animals that the pyroglu-specific anybody achieved that. And they now have confirmed that you get the same thing in humans by amyloid PET imaging. I think it's great to see that they also seem to show an effect on clinical decline. They use a composite measure of ADAS-Cog and IADL, which I think they did because it's a somewhat small study. I think it's like a couple of hundred patients, 200 or 300 patients. And so, they had to use a more sensitive endpoint. But it is composed of endpoints that we all recognize in the Alzheimer's field as being important endpoints for the measurement of the disease. So, I think it adds to the body of evidence that suggests that targeting amyloid with the right antibody to get to the plaque and remove plaque is the right approach.
Operator: We will now take our next question from Paul Matteis with Stifel.
Paul Matteis: Hey, great. Thanks so much for taking question. I was wondering if you could talk about where you are in refining some of the kind of key real-world elements for the usability of aducanumab? Specifically, I think in studies you had six MRIs in the first year. Is that something you expect to be the case in the real world if this is approved? And if so, what can you do on your end to actually make this more usable beyond just kind of a small number of core academic centers that have these intrinsic capabilities? Thanks a lot.
Michel Vounatsos: Al?
Alfred Sandrock, Jr.: Yes, so MRI is useful for monitoring ARIA, and we do expect that there will be MRI monitoring requirements once aducanumab is approved, if it's approved. But the quantity and the timing will require further discussions with regulators around the world.
Michel Vounatsos: Yes. Concerning the launch sequence, we are obviously starting with the most important high-volume centers that are getting ready to treat. And as mentioned earlier, these are hundreds and this is already substantial. Keep in mind that there is an amyloid beta confirmation most probably that will have to be done, and obviously over time we will expand down the pyramid to larger targets.
Operator: Our next question will come from Phil Nadeau with Cowen & Company.
Phil Nadeau: Good morning. Thanks for taking my question. One on financials. In SPINRAZA's U.S. trends, it looks like there was about a 34% decline in Q4 '20 versus Q4 '19. You referenced COVID and then also competition in those trends. Curious if you could quantify the impact of COVID, and so how much will rebound once the pandemic subsides versus competition and the patients that might be lost more permanently? Thanks.
Michel Vounatsos: Thank you for the question. And we are watching this trend very carefully. And I will start and then Mike will add. First of all, we are pleased with $2.1 billion overall revenue for SPINRAZA in 2020 despite COVID. So in the U.S., the majority of the impact is COVID, as per the input from the team. Patients are scared to go to the centers, so they delay the dosing. Some sites have been closed or limited capacity or staffing in order to dose the patients. And last but not least, COVID is accelerating some switches to alternative treatments that exists. We've seen the peak of switch in September, and then we've seen a decline of those. And we've seen also, very encouragingly for us, some patients deciding to return to SPINRAZA for reasons of efficacy, perceived efficacy, for reasons of side effects. And last but not least, following the spike of launch, we've seen a rebound in demand for SPINRAZA towards the end of the year. Mike?
Michael McDonnell: Yes. Not a lot to add to that. I would say that we would describe it as, in the U.S. competition, which is exacerbated by COVID, we are still growing outside of the U.S. Obviously, in a pandemic that makes the idea of an oral more attractive, because you can avoid coming to a health care facility. So, the idea that somebody would switch from an injection to an oral becomes more prominent in our current environment, and conversely it's a little less likely that somebody would switch off of an oral to an injection in that situation. So the impacts that we saw in the fourth quarter in the U.S., we would attribute it all to competition exacerbated by COVID. How much of each is a little bit hard to parse out exactly, but it is both. And I think at the end of the day, the important point is that we continue to really believe in the efficacy of SPINRAZA and its safety profile, and we do believe it will continue to become -- it will remain a very important treatment option, particularly once we get through the pandemic.
Michel Vounatsos: So we remain hopeful for SPINRAZA. Again, this is a very important asset. As we said many times, it's an efficacy play, and hopefully with the rates of vaccination, this will be better reflected into the drug utilization rather than a perceived convenience. At the end of the day, the SUNFISH data remains -- the part two of SUNFISH remains, one out of two patients experiencing disease progression and our product remains extremely well documented with broadest label and we continue to invest in innovative research.
Operator: We'll now move to Jay Olson with Oppenheimer. Please go ahead.
Jay Olson: Good morning and thank you for taking the question. You spoke about the positive read across from Lilly's Phase 2 data for donanemab. Can you please remind us how the finding profile, the specificity and PK profile for aducanumab compares to donanemab? Thank you.
Alfred Sandrock, Jr.: Yes. This is Al. So aducanumab binds to aggregated forms of a-beta, both soluble oligomers as well as insoluble fibrils. And as such, since both are concentrated in the plaque, aducanumab binds to the plaque. It was actually initially discovered based on amyloid plaque immunoreactivity assay. And by targeting the plaque, it removes amyloid quite efficiently in the brain. Donanemab binds to the pyroglutamated form of a a-beta, which is present early in plaque. It's thought to kind of seize the plaque, if you will, and it forms part of the dense core. So in that way it targets plaque as well. So, different ways of targeting the plaque essentially. In terms of PK, I don't know too much about the PK of donanemab, but I suspect since it's an antibody. It has roughly similar characteristics to other monochrome antibodies, roughly half life of two weeks, et cetera.
Operator: We will now move to our next question. We will hear from Robyn Karnauskas with Truist. Please go ahead.
Robyn Karnauskas: Good job. Thanks guys for taking my question. Another one for you, Al, on donanemab. So the CFO of Lilly had mentioned that given the unique clearing mechanism, that it could have the potential to provide high levels of plaque clearance after limited duration dosing. And I was just curious as think about the competitive landscape assuming aducanumab is approved, how -- do you see intermittent dosing as being competitive to aducanumab? And how do you think the competitive landscape can shape up with that profile? Thanks.
Alfred Sandrock, Jr.: Yes. Thanks, Robyn. It's going to be interesting. I think it's a large market and I think it'll accommodate multiple therapeutic options, which hopefully will be available for patients. The concept of intermediate dosing or down-dosing perhaps after changing a dose, after plaque removal, is an interesting one. It's something that can be tested and is being evaluated across multiple drugs, aducanumab, BAN2401, as well as donanemab. I would say that one thing is, there's the effect on neurodegeneration with respect to plaque removal, but there may also be other effects, more acute effects. When you listen to patients in particular, you may have heard at the FDA Advisory Committee, that patients seem to have untoward effects after stopping aducanumab, and then they regain some of these benefits after restarting in a relatively short period of time. And that's -- and something similar has been seen with other antibodies, including BAN2401. That second piece maybe something more associated with synaptic function, which may be more associated with the soluble oligomer side of things and I think that will remain to be learned about in future studies.
Operator: Looks like we have time for one final question. We will now hear from Salim Syed with Mizuho.
Salim Syed: Great. Thanks for all the color, guys. Appreciate all the color on aducanumab as well specifically. Al, just one for me on donanemab as well. So when I go back to the FDA AdComm docs, and this is a line in there in the quote, this anti-amyloid beta antibodies cannot be considered as a signal class. They are distinct at the molecular level and the differences have an impact on their mechanism of action, including eminent lists, including binding characteristics et cetera. That was a pretty strong point that the FDA had made in the briefing docs. And it seems like now you're saying that donanemab is helping the case. So, I'm just curious how all this is getting reconciled. Should people be looking at beta-amyloid antibodies as a single class or not?
Alfred Sandrock, Jr.: No. That's a really good question and I tried to sort of make that point in my prepared comments this morning. But the first generation of antibodies did not really target the amyloid plaque. For example, solanezumab, which was a Lilly antibody, bound to monosoluable monomeric amyloid -- a-beta. And if you read the 2012 paper on the plaque-specific antibody, they were concerned that such an antibody will not get to the plaque and remove plaque, pre-existing plaque. So even while they had solanezumab in development, Lilly began working on a plaque-specific antibody. And so, I think that's what those FDA documents might've been pointing to, that it's not just that you have an anti-amyloid antibody. You have to have those that will target the plaque and remove pre-existing amyloid plaque in patients. I think also bapineuzumab, bapineuzumab was nonselective. It bound to soluble monomeric as well as insoluble aggregated forms of amyloid as well as soluble aggregated. And that led to issues with dosing. And so, I think that's what they meant is perhaps solanezumab and bapineuzumab may not have shown clinical efficacy for these kinds of reasons, but I think we should not assume that this next generation of antibodies that target the plaque better. Look, we all learned from the early studies, right? And so, I think donanemab is another example where those that target the plaque and remove amyloid robustly in humans. And if you study early stage patients, selected for carefully, you will see efficacy.
Michel Vounatsos: Okay. So we believe 2021 will be a transformative year for Biogen, and I want to thank you all for your attention to our call. Have a good day.
Operator: And with that, ladies and gentlemen, this will conclude your conference for today. We do thank you for your participation and you may now disconnect.

===== 2020 Q3  (2020-10-21 08:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, good morning. My name is Abby, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Biogen Third Quarter Earnings Call and Financial Update. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. And I would now like to turn the conference over to Mr. Joe Mara, Vice President, Investor Relations. Mr. Mara, you may begin your conference.
Joe Mara: Thank you and good morning, and welcome to Biogen's third quarter 2020 earnings call. Before we begin, I encourage everyone to go to the Investors section of biogen.com to find the earnings release and related financial tables, including a reconciliation of the GAAP to non-GAAP financial measures that we will discuss today. Our GAAP financials are provided in Tables 1 and 2, and Table 3 includes a reconciliation of our GAAP to non-GAAP financial results and our GAAP to non-GAAP financial guidance. We believe non-GAAP financial results better represent the ongoing economics of our business and reflect how we manage the business internally. Weve also posted slides on our website that follow the discussions related to this call. I would like to point out that we will be making forward-looking statements, which are based on our current expectations and beliefs. These statements are subject to certain risks and uncertainties and our actual results may differ materially. I encourage you to consult the risk factors discussed in our SEC filings for additional detail. On today's call, I am joined by our Chief Executive Officer, Michel Vounatsos; Dr. Al Sandrock, EVP, Research and Development; and our CFO, Mike McDonnell. Now, I will turn the call over to Michel.
Michel Vounatsos: Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us. As you all know, aducanumab Advisory Committee meeting is scheduled for November 6th. This is our highest priority, and we are very focused on preparing for this meeting. At the same time, the TECFIDERA situation in the U.S is clearly a near-term challenge, which we will discuss. Before I continue, I would like to welcome Mike McDonnell, our new CFO. Mike's background and track record of accomplishment make him well prepared to be a very strong contributor to Biogen and I know he looks forward to getting to know many of you. Now let me review some key recent developments. First, we are very pleased that the FDA has accepted our BLA for aducanumab with Priority Review and has stated that, if possible, they plan to act early. As I mentioned, the Advisory Committee is of course an important event on the path to potential approval and we are actively preparing to participate and share our perspective on our clinical data. Outside the U.S. early this month, we submitted a marketing authorization application in Europe, and we are preparing for regulatory submission in Japan, following the recent former meeting with the PMDA. We have progressed in our U.S launch readiness, as we remained focused on appropriate engagement with scientific leaders, treatment sites, defining aducanumab's value proposition and establishing collaboration across multiple stakeholders to help prepare for the potential introduction of the first therapy to meaningfully change the course of Alzheimer's disease. Outside the U.S., we are continuing to ramp up our launch readiness, particularly in Europe and Japan. Beyond aducanumab, we continue to advance our broader Alzheimer's disease portfolio, including BAN2401 in Phase 3 and multiple targeting programs targeting tau. Also, in neurodegeneration, we are proud to be collaborating with Denali, a premiere innovative neuroscience company, pioneering novel approaches for treating brain diseases. This collaboration provides us a mid stage small molecule LRRK2 inhibitor program, which expands our pipeline of potential therapies in Parkinson's disease across multiple modalities. We also received exclusive options rights to two programs for neurodegenerative diseases using Denali's innovative Transport Vehicle platform, including for amyloid beta antibodies. With the deep pipeline, aducanumab now under review and our recent collaboration with Denali, we believe we are well-positioned to lead in the fight against both Alzheimer's disease and Parkinson's disease, the number one and number two, most common neurodegenerative diseases with an urgent need for novel treatments. More broadly, we have continued to develop and expand our deep pipeline, which now includes 30 clinical assets with 8 in Phase 3 or field, including the recent initiation of the Phase 3 program for dapirolizumab pegol in lupus with UCB. As we have demonstrated in the past, we are committed to maximizing returns for our shareholders as we aim to bring innovative therapies to patients, something that demands a thoughtful approach towards all our investments over both the short and the long-term. Let me know discuss where we see Biogen strategically as we believe we are in a transitional period with several upcoming inflection points. As we manage through the erosion of TECFIDERA in the U.S., Biogen remains focused on strong execution against our strategy. We are the leader in neuroscience. We differentiated core capabilities as we aim to leverage breaking science to address the tremendous unmet medical need in this space. We are leveraging better understanding of disease biology, including the underlying genetics, as well as advances in biomarkers, such as novel imaging of the brain to help reduce the risk in developing therapies for many previously intractable diseases. We are building on a strong financial track record with the core business in MS, SMA and biosimilars, and we believe we are entering a new phase of important clinical readouts and value creation opportunities. We will continue to work to maximize the potential of our broad MS portfolio, including the launch of VUMERITY and the life cycle management for TYSABRI and the Interferon. Despite increased competition, we believe SPINRAZA can continue to grow and serve as a foundation of care based on the most well-established efficacy and safety profile in SMA. SPINRAZA has demonstrated sustained clinically meaningful benefits from pre-symptomatic infants to adults, and its safety profile has enabled us to begin assessing a higher dose for potentially even greater efficacy. We see biosimilars as another potential growth driver, while providing headroom for innovation. We are working to expand into the U.S and China with the potential to commercialize two new ophthalmology biosimilars with a global market opportunity of approximately $11 billion. Importantly, Samsung Bioepis recently announced that the Marketing Authorization Application was accepted by the EMA for SB11, a potential biosimilar referencing Lucentis. We remain optimistic about the prospect of launching aducanumab as the first therapy to meaningfully change the course of Alzheimer's disease and this will be an important short-term and long-term growth driver for the company. In addition to aducanumab, we believe our pipeline could enable a second wave of growth in the mid 2020s, driven by areas such as ophthalmology, stroke, lupus and ALS. Importantly, we expect 6 mid to late stage data readouts by the end of 2021. We plan to continue pursuing external business development opportunities to further expand our pipeline. In just under 4 years, we have committed nearly $5 billion of business development and executed 20 transactions. Going forward, we will continue to prioritize the stability of our organization to support our current portfolio, while preparing for the potential introduction of a number of new products starting with aducanumab. We will be focused on diligent execution, capturing every opportunity for efficiency and cost savings. In summary, We have continued to execute well on our strategy. We believe we are well-positioned to serve our current and future patients as we built a multi franchise portfolio, leveraging the interconnectivity of our deep neuroscience pipeline. We have a very strong balance sheet and we will remain focused on maximizing long-term shareholder value creation. I will now turn the call over to Al for a more detailed update on our recent progress in R&D.
Alfred Sandrock, Jr.: Thank you, Michel, and good morning, everyone. I'd like to begin by thanking the Biogen team for their hard work in making significant progress advancing our R&D programs. This includes milestones across key areas, such as the regulatory filings of aducanumab, pipeline progression and business development. Starting with Alzheimer's disease, as Michel mentioned, we are working through the regulatory procedures for aducanumab around the world. We're also diligently preparing for the FDA advisory committee meeting on November 6. Also in Alzheimer's disease, our collaboration partner Eisai, dosed the first patient in the AHEAD 3-45 clinical program, which is designed to evaluate BAN2401 in individuals with preclinical Alzheimer's disease. Through the results of this trial, we hope to learn whether BAN2401 can suppress the progression of amyloid and tau pathology and reduce cognitive decline in the very early stages of Alzheimer's disease. This quarter, we also announced an exciting collaboration with Denali Therapeutics, to co-develop and co-commercialize Denali small molecule LRRK2 inhibitor DNL151 in Parkinson's disease, the second most common neurodegenerative disease. LRRK2 is a negative regulator of lysosomal function and certain mutations in the LRRK2 gene increase the risk of Parkinson's disease. We will examine the therapeutic potential of LRRK2 kinase inhibition in patients with and without known genetic risks for Parkinson's disease. Our hope is that 151 could be a first-in-class oral therapy that slows the progression of the disease. This collaboration also provides us with the exclusive option to license two preclinical programs, utilizing Denali's Transport Vehicle platform. This platform is designed to enhance the brain uptake of large therapeutic molecules by leveraging the transferrin receptor, which is highly expressed at the blood-brain barrier. One of these two programs seeks to enhance the delivery of an anti-beta amyloid antibody across the blood-brain barrier. We are pleased to be collaborating on this platform with Denali, a pioneer in enhancing the delivery of large molecules into the central nervous system. Moving to our MS portfolio, at the AdComs meeting last month, we presented new data from the EVOLVE MS-2 trial that further reinforced the clinically meaningful improvement in gastrointestinal tolerability associated to VUMERITY as compared to TECFIDERA. Specifically, patients taking VUMERITY reported a lower likelihood of experiencing GI symptoms that interfered with daily activities or were associated with missed work and use less concomitant medication to treat GI symptoms. Also at ECTRIMS, an analysis of real-world data in patients receiving TYSABRI extended interval dosing showed no significant differences in the rates of new T2 lesions, T2 lesion volumes, or brain atrophy on brain MRI scans when compared to patients receiving the currently approved every 4-week dosing regimen. These data contribute to a growing body of evidence that suggested TYSABRI extended interval dosing has similar efficacy to that of standard dosing, while reducing the risk of PML. The efficacy of extended interval dosing as compared to the standard dosing regimen is being assessed prospectively in the ongoing NOVA study, which is expected to read out next year. Additionally, we presented real-world data showing the treatment with TYSABRI was associated with significant improvement in 9 of 12 patient reported neuro quality of life domains. Whereas in patients treated with OCREVUS, there were improvements in 4 of 12 domains. Moving to our MS pipeline, we were disappointed to learn that AFFINITY, the Phase 2b study of opicinumab did not meet its primary endpoint or secondary end points. As a result, we have decided to discontinue development of opicinumab. Nevertheless, we remain committed to the therapeutic approach of repairing the central nervous system, and still believe that remyelination has the potential to provide a therapeutic benefit for MS patients. We are continuing to analyze the significant data set from this study to further inform our MS research in this area, including for BIIB061. Turning to neuromuscular disorders, following productive engagement with the FDA, we are advancing plans for a study to evaluate the benefit of tofersen when initiated in presymptomatic carriers of SOD1 mutations that have been linked to ALS. Akin to the NURTURE study of SPINRAZA in SMA, this study is designed to evaluate the ability of tofersen to delay clinical onset or slow disease progression of ALS when initiated prior to clinical symptom onset. We plan to initiate this study next year. Also in ALS I'm happy to report that we dose the first patient in our Phase 1 study of BIIB105 in antisense oligonucleotide targeting ataxin-2. Ataxin-2 was originally identified as a modifier of TDP-43 toxicity, a pathology common to more than 90% of the ALS population suggesting that reduction in ataxin-2 could be therapeutic across most ALS populations, other than that due to SOD1. Additionally, I would like to provide an update on our SMA gene therapy asset BIIB089. The FDA had previously placed a clinical hold on BIIB089 due to dorsal root ganglion toxicity, a pathology commonly observed in preclinical studies and which may also occur following use of the currently available AAV mediated SMA gene therapy. Thus we've made the decision to discontinue BIIB089 and will instead focus on the pursuit of next generation SMA gene therapy technology that we believe will address the DRG toxicity. Lastly, we are happy to announce that in collaboration with UCB, we have dosed the first patient in our Phase 3 program for dapirolizumab pegol in patients with systemic lupus erythematosus with active disease, despite being on standard of care therapies. In summary, we continue to build and advance a deep neuroscience pipeline that seeks to enhance -- to address patients' needs by leveraging both organic growth and external collaboration. This approach is evidenced by our recent agreement with Denali and also Scribe Therapeutics where we are pursuing cutting edge CRISPR technology to potentially develop gene therapies for ALS. We believe this mix of internal development and external collaboration allows us to maximize the value of our R&D programs and provides a source of sustained innovation to help drive long-term growth of the company. I will now pass the call to Mike.
Michael McDonnell: Thank you, Al. Good morning, everyone. I'm excited to join Biogen and look forward to getting to know many of you. Biogen had another solid quarter despite the recent entrants of generic TECFIDERA and the continued impacts of COVID-19 as we continue to execute well. We remain in a very strong financial position with significant cash and financial capacity to continue to grow the business over the long-term. I will now review our financial performance in the quarter and also provide an update to our full year guidance. Total revenue for Q3 was $3.4 billion, a decline of 6% versus the prior year. This decline was mostly driven by TECFIDERA generic entry and is inclusive of a 1% unfavorable currency impact. Total MS revenue, including OCREVUS royalties was $2.3 billion, a decrease of 4% versus the prior year. MS revenue during the third quarter began to experience the impact of the entrants of multiple generics of TECFIDERA in the U.S., while Q3 TECFIDERA revenue outside the U.S was $283 million, representing an increase of 1% versus the prior year with continued patient growth. During the quarter, we saw improvement in VUMERITY trends, including an increased number of new starts. We believe VUMERITY can be an important product given its differentiated GI tolerability profile, as Al mentioned. TYSABRI had a strong quarter with Q3 global revenue of $516 million, growing 7% versus the prior year. We were pleased to see continued global patient growth of 4% for TYSABRI versus the prior year. We believe TYSABRI is well-positioned to play an increasingly important role in the treatment of MS. And we are working on several important initiatives, including subcutaneous administration, an option for home infusion and an option for extended interval dosing. Moving now to SMA. Global third quarter SPINRAZA revenue was $495 million, a decrease of 10% versus the prior year and stable versus the prior quarter. In the U.S., SPINRAZA revenue decreased by 23% versus the prior year as we continue to see an impact of COVID-19 on both new starts and maintenance doses, as well as additional competition. Outside the U.S., SPINRAZA revenue was stable versus the prior year and grew 10% versus the prior quarter. Although COVID-19 and new competition have had an impact on SPINRAZA, we see the potential for global growth given a very strong efficacy and safety profile and a significant number of untreated patients across many established and emerging markets. Moving to our biosimilars business. Revenue was $208 million this quarter, an increase of 13% versus Q3 2019. Q3 biosimilars revenue, despite returning to growth continued to be negatively impacted by a slowdown in new treatments and reduce clinic capacity for immunology patients as a result of COVID-19. BENEPALI our first and largest biosimilar became the number one prescribed etanercept product across Europe. We estimate there are now approximately 220,000 patients using our biosimilars in Europe. And we believe we have the opportunity to continue to grow in Europe, as well as potentially within the U.S and other geographies. Total anti-CD20 revenue in the -- in Q3 was $560 million, a decrease of 6% versus the prior year with increased OCREVUS royalties offset by decreased revenue from RITUXAN due to COVID 19, and continued erosion from biosimilars, a trend we expect to continue to impact RITUXAN. Total other revenue in the third quarter increased 15% versus Q3 2019 to approximately $126 million. Turning now to expenses. Q3 GAAP R&D expense was $1.1 billion or 34% of revenue. Non-GAAP R&D expense, which excludes $601 million related to our collaboration with Denali was $540 million or 16% of revenue. Beginning in Q3, material upfront payments associated with significant collaboration and licensing arrangements are excluded from non-GAAP R&D expense in order to better reflect our core operating performance. Year-to-date, non-GAAP results also reflect this change as the $125 million upfront payment related to the collaboration with Sangamo in the second quarter of 2020 has also now been excluded from non-GAAP R&D expense. Q3 GAAP SG&A expense of $573 million and non-GAAP SG&A of $569 million were both 17% of revenue. Within the U.S., we are reallocating some TECFIDERA resources to support the launch of VUMERITY as well as aducanumab, although we will continue to fully support our broader MS portfolio. In addition, we are ramping up our commercial preparations for aducanumab, which will create some upward pressure on SG&A. However, as always, we will continue to diligently manage our operating expenses to ensure we remain efficient across the organization. In Q3 of this year, our effective GAAP tax rate was approximately 25%, an increase from approximately 12% in the third quarter of 2019. This increase is primarily due to prior year favorability from Swiss tax reform as well as current year unfavorability, primarily driven by non-cash deferred tax adjustments related to TECFIDERA. For the third quarter of 2020, our effective non-GAAP tax rate was approximately 18%, an increase from approximately 16% in the third quarter of 2019. Third quarter GAAP net income was $702 million and non-GAAP net income was $1.4 billion. GAAP diluted earnings per share in the third quarter was $4.46, a decrease of 47% versus the prior year and non-GAAP diluted EPS was $8.84, a decrease of 4% versus the prior year. We repurchased approximately 4.5 million shares in Q3 for a total value of approximately $1.3 billion. The share repurchase program authorized in December of 2019 was completed as of September 30, 2020 and our Board of Directors has authorized a new $5 billion share repurchase program. In Q3, we generated approximately $1.2 billion in net cash flows from operations. Capital expenditures in Q3 were $84 million and free cash flow was approximately $1.1 billion. We ended the quarter with $4.6 billion in cash and marketable securities and $7.4 billion in debt. Additionally, our $1 billion revolving credit facility was undrawn as of the end of the quarter. Let me now provide an update to our full year guidance for 2020. Our guidance was last updated in July and assumed no generic entry for TECFIDERA. During the third quarter, we began to experience the impact of generic entrants with more than 10 TECFIDERA generics approved and at least 6 now in the market and discounted prices of approximately 90%. Our guidance assumes significant erosion of TECFIDERA in the fourth quarter of 2020, the pace of which is difficult to predict. As a result, we now expect full year revenue to be between approximately $13.2 billion to $13.4 billion. We expect full year 2020 GAAP diluted EPS to be between $25.50 and $26.50, and non-GAAP diluted EPS to be between $32.50 and $33.50. Of note, this range excludes the upfront payments associated with the Sangamo and Denali collaborations during the second and third quarters of 2020, respectively. The upfront payment associated with the Q2 Sangamo transaction equates to roughly $0.65 per share. It's important to note that this guidance does not include potential impacts from new acquisitions or large business development transactions, as both have elements that are hard to predict. This financial guidance also assumes that foreign exchange rates as of September 30, 2020 remain in effect for the remainder of the year. I'll now turn the call back over to Michel for his closing comments.
Michel Vounatsos: Thank you, Mike. Biogen has remained focused on strong execution across our core business in MS, SMA and biosimilars, while continuing to advance our strategy of building a multi-franchise portfolio. I want to reiterate our commitment to maximizing returns to our shareholders and bring in innovative participation now and over the long-term. This requires that we continue to allocate capital efficiently, effectively, and appropriately. As we have demonstrated in the past, we will always strive to have an optimal capital structure, as well as aim for superior returns from investments we make. Again, we are actively preparing for the aducanumab Advisory Committee and a potential launch. The unmet medical need and cost to society for Alzheimer's are tremendous and mounting. Alzheimer's creates a cost burden of approximately $550 billion per year in the U.S and the cost for caring for an Alzheimer's patient can be over $0.5 million. Alzheimer's deprives many patients of the independence. By the age of 80, approximately 75% of people with Alzheimer's disease live in a nursing home at a per patient cost of approximately $100,000 per year. The approval of aducanumab would be an unprecedented milestone for patients, their families and society at large, and will represent an important short-term and long-term growth driver for the company. Finally, we are focused on advancing our broader purpose as an organization, as we aim to pioneer science for the betterment of humanity. This includes doing the right thing for patients, our employees, the environment, and the community, while accelerating our efforts in diversity and inclusion, all of which we believe contribute to long-term sustainable shareholder value. These issues are all interrelated. For example, environmental issues are central to human health. To that end, I am incredibly proud of our recently launched 20-year, $250 million Healthy Climate, Healthy Lives initiative. This includes a goal to eliminate our fossil fuel emissions by 2040 and to be a catalyst for positive change by advancing the science around how fossil fuel impact human health and taking action to promote climate and health equity. Finally, I would to thank our employees around the world, who are dedicated to making a positive impact on patients life, including ensuring access to our therapies during these challenging times. With that, we will open the call for questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from Terence Flynn with Goldman Sachs.
Terence Flynn: Hi, good morning. Thanks for taking my questions. As you've prepared for the AdCom, any notable new analyses or data points that we should expect to hear about as you try to frame the risk benefit for the drug here? And then congratulations on the European filing. Anything notable in terms of similarities or differences here versus your discussions with the FDA that you can call out on the European side? Thank you.
Alfred Sandrock, Jr.: Hi. This is Al. We've done lots of analysis. We've been doing that for more than a year in collaboration with FDA. We -- we are working exceptionally hard and the team is working exceptionally hard to prepare for the AdCom, and we're very excited about sharing our perspective on that day.
Terence Flynn: On the EU difference -- difference in the EU?
Alfred Sandrock, Jr.: The EU, we just filed after some formal meetings and we expect to hear back and start the engagement process. And in Japan, we are just had our formal interactions and we'll be filing soon.
Operator: We will take our next question from Marc Goodman with SVB Leerink.
Marc Goodman: Hi, good morning. Question is really about expenses. You're about to lose $3 billion at TECFIDERA sales, and I was just curious how come you're not announcing some type of restructuring plan, or just significant cost cutting to help offset that? I mean, I understand that VUMERITY is still there, but clearly there's a disconnect between the sales of those two and big sales with those two. And then just secondarily, can you talk about any tax rate implications because of TECFIDERA sales going away? Thank you.
Michel Vounatsos: So, thanks for the good question. We are always obviously looking at savings opportunity and how to be an even more efficient operation mostly when we face the potential launch of TEC in the U.S, which is certainly a material impact. We did extract approximately $400 million from our infrastructure in order to be a leaner and simpler organization, and we have an array of measures in place in order to simplify the back office and try to save additional resources. You need obviously to understand that we still have a $6 billion plus business with MS in a highly competitive environment where we need to absolutely resource in order to defend our leadership position. VUMERITY is immaterial for now, but the signing is demonstrating some good signs and we'll come back to it. So we need to stay on and continue to resource the launch of VUMERITY, and obviously there's aducanumab. We use the learning from COVID and utilization also to gain efficiency. But again, we need to continue to resource the base business. We need to prepare for the launch of aducanumab, because we are optimistic and at the same time, we try really to save what we can.
Michael McDonnell: Yes. So I'll just quickly add to that, Marc. Thanks very much for the question, Mike speaking. I think just to add to what Michel was saying, a little bit of color, running at about 17% of revenue SG&A, we feel like it runs pretty efficiently. As Michel said, we are reallocating some costs and resources to the aducanumab launch and in support of VUMERITY. And obviously we do need to continue to support the MS franchise, but I would just point out that any cost savings that we have, we guided for only the fourth quarter, we're not guiding for '21 at this time. But obviously you wouldn't see cost impacts around this until 2021, which we'll talk more about when we get to 2021. On your question around the tax rate, I think you were reacting to a comment in the prepared remarks. Given the change in the cash flow profile and the profitability profile for TECFIDERA, there was a deferred tax adjustment that was required to be booked relating to evaluation allowance, which had a modest impact on the effective tax rate for the quarter. So hopefully that's helpful.
Michel Vounatsos: So if I may add to what Mike said, TECFIDERA is still above a $1 billion ex-U.S. If we remove completely the U.S market and it's growing. And there are some countries where we are launching TECFIDERA. So we see continuing to resource the overall $6 billion plus MS franchise and also TECFIDERA ex-U.S.
Operator: We will take our next question from Matthew Harrison with Morgan Stanley.
Matthew Harrison: Great. Good morning. Thanks for taking the question. I guess, as you guys think about the Advisory Committee and you think about potential path to approval, what do you think is the risk that the FDA may think about approving aducanumab in a certain subgroup of patients where they think the risk benefit is better compared to the overall patient population? If you could comment on that, that would be helpful. And then, Mike, can you just comment on inventory trends in the quarter? Thanks.
Alfred Sandrock, Jr.: Hi, Matthew. This is Al. We -- look, the FDA has all the data. We continue to believe that aducanumab has a substantial evidence of efficacy. If we didn't believe that we wouldn't have filed. And we look forward to sharing all the data at the FDA Advisory Committee, including potential subgroups. And it's in the FDA's hands at this point.
Joe Mara: Yes, this is Joe. In terms of your question on inventory, I would just say, it wasn't a significant impact in the quarter and not something that we called out.
Operator: We will take our next question from Umer Raffat with Evercore ISI.
Umer Raffat: Hi guys. Thanks for taking my question. Michel, I know you were super excited the day you guys decided to file with FDA. I don't know if it's just the virtual nature of this call today, but I'm not quite hearing that at least on the call for the EU filing. Is there something EU is raising, which is different than FDA? I'd be curious to what you say on that, Michel. And Al, I know when the data was presented, there were several very important aspects of the data that weren't showing. And I think the assumption was they're probably consistent with the overall analysis, but can you speak to whether you're expecting FDA to focus on the APOE4 carriers versus non carriers? And can you remind us if the efficacy is consistent in those two groups, as well as if we only looked at patients without ARIA, if you expect -- is the efficacy delta consistent with the overall conclusion?
Michel Vounatsos: So let me take the first part of your question, Umer. So we are equally excited about all the interactions with regulators all around the world. Having said that, the U.S FDA will certainly influence as a cascade, all the regulators. We had actually to refocus our team on the U.S FDA, because we were approved by other agencies who wanted to meet and wanted us to share the data. So I will not speak about China and all the markets, Australia, Canada, Switzerland, et cetera. So certainly the focus is on the U.S FDA, the November 6, we are excited and we are optimistic and then the others will unfold naturally, hopefully.
Alfred Sandrock, Jr.: Hi, Umer. On your question about carriers versus non carriers, look, I don't want to speculate as to what the FDA will ask the advisors at the Advisory Committee. But if they go there, we're prepared. We're -- there's -- we haven't shown our subgroup data yet. We will at some point and for all I know it may come up at the Advisory Committee. But we're eager to share our perspective on the data, whatever comes up.
Operator: We will take our next question from Evan Seigerman with Credit Suisse.
Evan Seigerman: Hi there. Thank you so much for taking the question. So one from Michael, nice to meet you on the phone. So with the erosion of TECFIDERA, why did you opt to authorize an additional share repurchase program versus, say, allocating your capital elsewhere to maybe help grow revenues? Aside from aducanumab, how do you plan on addressing this decline in revenue and earnings that we're now seeing? Thank you.
Michael McDonnell: Sure. Evan, nice to meet you, and thanks very much for the question. Look, Biogen for a period of time now has been very active in allocating capital. As Michel mentioned in the prepared remarks, just in the last 4 years, 20 transactions approaching $5 billion, and obviously the company has returned significant capital to shareholders in the form of share buybacks. And we expect both of those activities are going to continue. Obviously, we're going to continue to be active on the BD front as the company has been before. And notwithstanding the situation with TECFIDERA, we've got $4.6 billion of cash on hand as of the end of September. A modest amount of debt, net debt, I think $2.8 billion. We've got still very significant cash flow and a very pristine balance sheet. And we intend to utilize that for both BD and share repurchases and the logic of the share repurchase just completely aligns with that.
Evan Seigerman: Okay, great. Thank you.
Michel Vounatsos: So we do remain, Evan, very active on BD and the organization can continue to do both. Return shareholder to the -- capital to the shareholders, and also adds to the business momentum and we have prepared for both. Working very hard on that.
Evan Seigerman: Great. Thank you.
Operator: We will take our next question from Phil Nadeau with Cowen and Company.
Phil Nadeau: Good morning. Thanks for taking my question. Al, one for you. I'm curious you've been asked a few times about the AdCom, but kind of dodged the questions of what your argument is going to be. I'm curious if you maybe just give us a brief preview of what the key elements are of your argument that aducanumab has a positive benefit risk. What parts of the data where you highlight, and then on the risk side, how will you deal with the area? And then just kind of a follow-up question to that. It is 2 weeks before we expect to see the proofing documents released publicly, has Biogen received them yet? Thanks.
Alfred Sandrock, Jr.: So, look our argument rests on the fact that we have a robustly positive study in EMERGE, positive on the pre-specified primary and all secondary endpoints. We have a supportive study in the Phase 1b trial, which was published in Nature a few years ago. And then we have ENGAGE and we believe we understand why ENGAGE was a negative study, and our belief is that it doesn't detract from the positive study. And in terms of the risks, the main risk is ARIA. We believe it's manageable that we've learned how to deal with it with MRI monitoring, with titration. And so we believe the benefit risk is worthy of approval. If we didn't think that, we wouldn't have filed. And so that's -- and in terms of the briefing book, we're not going to comment on the briefing book. It'll -- as stated in the FDA register, it will be made publicly available 2 days prior to the actual Advisory Committee meeting.
Operator: We will take our next one question from Michael Yee with Jefferies.
Michael Yee: Hi. Thanks for the question. Just following up, can you just comment about the language on how the FDA may plan to act early? What does that mean? Is that way earlier and just maybe you keep emphasizing that. So just maybe add some color on that. And if you -- if it was early, would you actually be ready to launch literally any day if that actually happened? And if it's not the case that it goes that way, can you just rightsize which way expenses would be going? Because I think you spent a lot -- preparing for this, which is optimistic but just what that need to be adjusted? Just maybe some color there. Thank you so much.
Alfred Sandrock, Jr.: I'll take the first part, Michael. In terms of acting early, the FDA has had the data since last June. Our first -- right after our first Type C meeting, we sent them all the primary data. That could be one reason why they said that they could act early. And we see the Advisory Committee has scheduled pretty early relative to the timeframe that they have until the PDUFA date of early March. Okay, go ahead.
Michel Vounatsos: Concerning the launch readiness, the short answer is absolutely yes. We have continued -- we have increased the medical engagement with scientific leaders. We have engaged with payers. We are working on the value proposition and the potential price. We are making progress. There is a across functional team working on the site readiness. They're willing to meet and to engage despite COVID. We have certainly enhanced the digital capability for which the baseline was already very strong. Patient engagement and patient services has been increased because we anticipate many, many requests call advice from patients. We have a very rigorous approach to the potential launch by specializing focusing first on the most important treatment centers, the specialist, and then going to the broader population, obviously engaging with the Medicare. And again, the burden of the disease is so high that there's a high interest from all the parties we meet, even if we are the only one building the infrastructure somehow, which is a challenge, but very pleased with the progress. We will be ready.
Joe Mara: You address the last part, which is just expenses and 
Michael McDonnell: Yes. I mean, look, I think hopefully, our optimism is clear and the scenario we're planning toward is a successful launch of aducanumab, and hopefully unlikely event that we don't have approval. Of course, we would have an obligation to look at our cost base.
Michael Yee: Thank you guys. Very helpful.
Operator: We will take our next question from Cory Kasimov with JPMorgan.
Cory Kasimov: Great. Good morning, guys. Thanks for taking the question. I just wanted to follow-up on something, Michel, that you just mentioned around pricing. I will acknowledge upfront putting a giant cart before the horse. But if aducanumab is approved, can you just talk about your latest thoughts on how to potentially to price this to best summarize the products potential and accessibility? And since everyone seems to be asking two, just a housekeeping for Michael. With SPINRAZA sales down 10% this quarter, I mean, you alluded to both competition as well as kind of the continued effects of COVID. Is there any way to delineate that a little bit and talk about roughly speaking, what to do to each one?
Michel Vounatsos: So we are also making progress on the potential price for aducanumab, should it be approved, it's still premature. But we are engaging broadly with pharmacoeconomists, ICER and other advisors. As I alluded into the note earlier, the cost to society is so high. We are working on certainly assessing very clearly the clinical meaningfulness and what will be the value that aducanumab will provide to the different set of customers, starting by the patients, the caregivers, the payers and all aspects related to this value creation that aducanumab will bring, not only the year one, but over the entire life of the product, even beyond potentially the patent -- when the patent expires. So it's too early. We will come back to that and we are taking this question. We have a lot of, I would say, serious focus and dedication and advice from others.
Michael McDonnell: So, Cory, on the second part of your question I'll try to give you some data points that are hopefully helpful and just kind of speaking in year-over-year terms. So globally SPINRAZA was down 10% year-over-year. And you'll see in some of the charts that we put up that patients are actually up 21% year-over-year. And the dynamics that factor into this are a few things. One is product dosing dynamics. We have fewer loading doses versus maintenance doses as the product matures. Secondly, there are COVID impacts. We can't precisely tell you what that number is. It's kind of hard to tease out, but there are certainly when we see fewer new patient adds going through loading doses and some dosing delays, we know that part of the reason is, is related to COVID and patients not getting into to get those treatments. There's some country mix in the mix here, so to speak, and some of the patient growth that we've had is coming from countries where the prices are lower. And lastly there is competition from ZolGensma and Evrysdi. So those are kind of all in the mix to precisely say what the COVID piece is. It's not something that we can completely tease out. We know it is in the mix and hopefully those metrics that I gave you are somewhat helpful.
Cory Kasimov: Yes, definitely. Thank you.
Michael McDonnell: Thank you.
Operator: We will take our next question from Ronny Gal with Bernstein.
Ronny Gal: Congratulations. Thank you for the call. One, just a clarification. And again, nice meeting you initially on the phone. The message basically on the cost structure that, look, we might have to take a look at our cost structure, but we will wait until we know the outcome of aducanumab before we decide how to do this. Just clarifying that this is, this has gone to message as we think about the cost structure in 2021. And second, just staying on the SMA side, can you guys give us a feel for your share of new starts in the U.S and internationally, just so we can kind of have a model forward of how the market would split up.
Michael McDonnell: Sure. So, Ronny, it's Mike speaking. So on your interpretation on the costs, as we've said, we're gearing up for a launch of aducanumab that does add some pressure to SG&A. And that is something that we're very focused on, obviously getting right. We have reallocated some resources, as I said, in the prepared remarks from TECFIDERA to aducanumab as well as the support of VUMERITY. We are going to continue to support the MS platform. As Michel said, we have over a $1 billion franchise outside of the U.S in TECFIDERA, which is important to remember. And so that's kind of the state of play in terms of the fourth quarter that we've guided to today. And we'll have more to say about all of our financial metrics as we get into 2021 and provide -- presumably guidance for next year at that time.
Alfred Sandrock, Jr.: Yes, Ronny, in the second part of your question, I don't think we've gotten to that level of detail in terms of kind of shares in new starts and whatnot.
Michel Vounatsos: But if you want, I can add a bit more color on what we see in terms of market dynamic, at least in the U.S with a recent launch. Recently combined with the COVID environment is certainly generating some switch from SPINRAZA and this is understandable because of the perceived convenience. But the SUNFISH data is showing clearly some limitation mostly because of the -- of target tox potentially and the 5 milligram ceiling that may impact efficacy while the weight of the kit [ph] increases and patients and physicians start to be aware of that. But nevertheless, at the time of launch, patients are attracted by a potential oral medication, but it's not that easy, 365 times a year with a challenging dosing versus 3 times a year only and take it and being sure that you get the dose. So we believe that based on the data that we have and all the real world evidence from infants presymptomatic to symptomatic adults at the end of the day, safety and efficacy profile mostly will prevail, should prevail. That's why we remain reasonably optimistic about the SPINRAZA once this wave of enthusiasm is a bit behind us.
Ronny Gal: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: We will take our next question from Geoff Meacham with Bank of America.
Geoff Meacham: Hey guys, thanks for the question. I just had a couple of quick ones. Michel, on the chance of the panel isn't favorable or FDA doesn't approve, what do you think could be some of those changes to the strategy? If it's more aggressive BD, does the $5 billion buyback announced today preclude the potential for doing a larger, more transformational deal? And then just a quick follow-up on SPINRAZA. Just, can you speak directionally that how much of the switch dynamic was in play in the U.S this quarter and would that be an indicator for the bigger OUS market? Thank you very much.
Michel Vounatsos: So, just on -- to start on SPINRAZA, we saw approximately 200 patients, if Im not mistaken -- being switched to the new launch every day. But again, we are confident that over time SPINRAZA will remain the foundational therapy for the treatment of SMA. Concerning the first question on what do you think about the strategy is. Well, I would like to start by reminding we are assessing that we remain optimistic about the potential launch of ADU and this is the underlying assumption. But nevertheless, if ADU fails, we're still in a very strong position. We seem to be very profitable. We have a deep pipeline, we have a strong balance sheet, and we have a large portfolio in CNS, and this will enable long-term growth and value creation. So the prospects are not necessarily defined by the binary event, but they will be certainly affected in case of ADU failing. We have a pipeline, we have opportunity in optha, in stroke, in lupus, in ALS and biosimilars. We have the bigger deal with Denali. We have the rest of the portfolio in AD, the leadership position in neurodegenerative disease still here and we have overall 30 clinical assets, 8 filed, or in Phase 3. And we have the entire portfolio with life cycle management opportunities. And as I said, I believe that SMA, SPINRAZA will remain the foundational therapy. So the cost discipline will be there all the time, as discussed by Mike.
Michael McDonnell: Yes, I think the other point that I would just add is you mentioned, you asked whether the share repurchase authorization precludes BD, and the answer as we said before is, it doesnt. We will continue to do both. And I would just remind that the authorization is very flexible. There's no timestamp on it. So we will continue to do both and be active, and we have a balance sheet thats in a great position which were pleased about.
Geoff Meacham: Okay. Thank you.
Michael McDonnell: Thank you.
Operator: We will take our next question from Sumant Kulkarni with Canaccord.
Sumant Kulkarni: Good morning. Thanks for taking my question. If aducanumab is approved, do you expect the formal risk evaluation and litigation strategy program to be put in place? And we know you said you are ready to launch on day one, but what about the infrastructure around the burden caused by a potential REMS program?
Alfred Sandrock, Jr.: This is Al. With respect to the REMS program, its hard to say at this point. We are still in the review process. I would say that we believe that the risk of ARIA is manageable and the community has learned how to manage this risk over the years. Whether that requires a REMS or not is up to the FDA.
Sumant Kulkarni: Thank you.
Joe Mara: Maybe you can repeat that -- the other part of the question for us, if you dont mind?
Sumant Kulkarni: Just about the infrastructure around the burden caused by a potential REMS program, is that ready to go in case you need to have one in place?
Alfred Sandrock, Jr.: Well, weve done that before. We know how to do REMS programs, whatever they may be. And so we would be ready for that, yes, including the education piece, which is typically one of the most important aspects of REMS programs.
Sumant Kulkarni: Got it. Thank you.
Operator: We will take our next question from Jay Olson with Oppenheimer.
Jay Olson: Hi. Thank you for taking the questions. Id like to switch gears and ask about Parkinsons disease. As a leader in neurodegeneration, could you share your vision for the future treatment of Parkinsons disease where you have an alpha-synuclein antibody and there's recently been signals of efficacy from Prothena and Roche. And then you also had your LRRK2 program with Denali and then there several gene therapies in development with competitors. So, which of these approaches do you think is most promising and where does Biogen fit into the competitive landscape? Thank you.
Alfred Sandrock, Jr.: Yes, thank you very much. So we -- were very excited about the potential in Parkinsons disease. As you pointed out, the Prothena, Roche antibody looked like there was some efficacy in Parts 2 and 3 I believe of the UPDRS score with additional support from digital measures and some imaging outcome measures as presented at the Movement Disorder Society meeting about a month or so ago. And we have our own alpha-synuclein antibody. It's different, in the sense that it's more specific for aggregated forms of alpha-synuclein, and we expect a readout on that in the coming months. We also have antisense oligonucleotide program directed against alpha-synuclein. You pointed out the LRRK2 inhibitor. We have the lead program there, the Denali 151 program, an oral small molecule LRRK2 inhibitor. And that could work not just in patients with LRRK2 mutations, but also there is ample evidence of lysosomal hypofunction in other cases of PD, even patients that dont have LRRK2 mutations. And so the potential is there that it could work in a broad range of Parkinsons patients. And then as you pointed out on other lysosomal gene, arguably as GBA, patients who are homozygous for GBA have Gauchers disease or lysosomal storage disease. Those who are heterozygous have an increased risk of Parkinsons disease. And so we have preclinical programs directed against that as well. And as I said, we have the ability to license two programs with the Transport Vehicle program. Id also point out that earlier this year we did a deal with Sangamo, which includes not only opportunities gene therapy programs in Alzheimers disease but also Parkinsons disease. One of our lead programs there's a gene therapy program on alpha-synuclein. So, I think there's a broad range. I think there's a lot of very good, validated targets, validated by human genetics and by clinical pathologic data in humans and we have multiple modalities, gene therapies, small molecules, as well as antisense oligonucleotides at our disposal.
Joe Mara: Thank you. We appreciate all the questions. We probably have time for about one more.
Operator: And we will take our next question from Brian Abrahams with RBC Capital Markets.
Brian Abrahams: Hey, guys. Thanks so much for taking my question. So, you touched on some of the additional regulatory meetings you held outside the U.S. on aducanumab. Im curious, on your feedback from Japan, specifically, in particular the rollout of the Phase 1/2 study that you had conducted there and whether you see potential for ex-U.S. regulators such as those in Japan to act early? And then just really quickly on the MS franchise, youve got several next-generation agents like 091, 107 and 061, but theyre all relatively early and would probably come online after additional exclusivity losses. So just wondering how you're thinking about the lifecycle there, whether you have a predilection for flexing down spend long term until these come to fruition or are you thinking about augmenting the mid-stage MS portfolio to leverage the commercial infrastructure you have in place? Thanks.
Alfred Sandrock, Jr.: So, Brian, I think with respect to ex-U.S. filings, I mean, as Michel said, we are equally optimistic about filings outside of the United States, we just arent as advanced in terms of the procedure. We just filed in EMA, we havent even filed yet in Japan. And so, we are eager to start the regulatory procedures. And as Michel said, we are equally optimistic. On the second part 
Michel Vounatsos: On the lifecycle management of MS, weve never been that reach in terms of clinical program and advancements in our MS portfolio and pipe, the early pipe with BTK and all the opportunities we have to develop or co-develop some of our products and we have lifecycle management opportunities with TYSABRI, with the EIV, with subcu, Avonex, a new label, Plegridy, IM. So we have plenty of opportunities to create market events. And as you saw despite the potential launch of a high efficacy product of aducanumab that becomes -- the class becomes -- the segment becomes very crowded. TYSABRI continues to do very well, because its very well documented and well appreciated by the patients and the physicians. So we are confident in the rest of the portfolio, I would say, beyond the challenging situation we are facing with the TEC in the U.S. There is an entire franchise beyond this very specific case. And the commitment of the company beyond RMS for remuneration [ph] over the long-term. So, Biogen continues to support MS like day one. So thank you all for your attention. Exciting time at Biogen, and we are all looking forward for early November for more news from the AdCom and looking forward taking the company to the next step after this event. Thank you all. Have a good day.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's call, and we thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2020 Q2  (2020-07-22 08:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning. My name is Regina, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Biogen Second Quarter 2020 Financial Results and Business Update. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers remarks there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. I would now like to turn the conference over to Mr. Joe Mara, Vice President, Investor Relations. You may begin your conference.
Joe Mara: Good morning, and welcome to Biogen's second quarter 2020 earnings call. Before we begin, I encourage everyone to go to the Investors section of biogen.com to find the earnings release and related financial tables, including a reconciliation of the GAAP to non-GAAP financial measures that we will discuss today. Our GAAP financials are provided in Tables 1 and 2, and Table 3 includes a reconciliation of our GAAP to non-GAAP financial results and our GAAP to non-GAAP financial guidance. We believe non-GAAP financial results better represent the ongoing economics of our business and reflect how we manage the business internally. Weve also posted slides on our website that follow the discussions related to this call. I would like to point out that we will be making forward-looking statements, which are based on our current expectations and beliefs. These statements are subject to certain risks and uncertainties and our actual results may differ materially. I encourage you to consult the risk factors discussed in our SEC filings for additional detail. On today's call, I am joined by our Chief Executive Officer, Michel Vounatsos; Dr. Al Sandrock, EVP, Research and Development; and our CFO, Jeff Capello. Now, I will turn the call over to Michel.
Michel Vounatsos: Good morning everyone. And thank you for joining us. With a focus on strong execution, we have continued to serve patients, advance our strategic priorities and delivered another strong financial quarter. Let me begin with some important developments. First, we have completed our submission for US approval of aducanumab, an unprecedented opportunity for patients and for Biogen to potentially bring to market the first therapy to reduce the devastating clinical decline and meaningfully change the cause of Alzheimers disease. I am incredibly proud of the Biogens team for their dedication and tireless work leading to the completion of our regulatory submission on July 7. This submission followed ongoing collaboration with the FDA and includes data from a comprehensive clinical development program, including EMERGE, the first positive Phase III study ever in this space. Together with supporting data from the Phase III ENGAGE study and positive results from the Phase Ib PRIME study. Our data show that aducanumab may help to both reduce the decline of cognitive function and help patients ability to perform certain activities of daily living, which for some patients may result in independence for a longer period of time. In terms of next steps, we anticipate receiving a response from the FDA within 60 days from the submission date, notifying us if the submission has been accepted, and if accepted whether we have been granted priority review, we plan to communicate both of these decisions via a press release. We have progressed in our US launch readiness, including increasing our medical engagement with experts and thought leaders to better assess how aducanumab could potentially impact clinical practice. We have started to make progress engaging with payers and defining aducanumabs value proposition, and we have now established a cross-functional team dedicated to site readiness, which is currently operational. Outside the US, we made significant progress this quarter. We had formal meetings with the EU regulators as we prepare to submit the filing and we are beginning to ramp up our launch readiness efforts in Europe. In Japan, we had informal regulatory interaction and are preparing for formal consultation with the PMDA. Overall, together with our collaboration partner Eisai, we remain optimistic about the prospect of bringing aducanumab to market as the first therapy to meaningfully change the course of Alzheimers disease. And we have continued to progress in our market preparation and launch readiness with an initial focus on the US. We believe that aducanumab marks the beginning of an era of new potential treatment for Alzheimers disease, and we aim to build a broad franchise across multiple targets and modalities. This includes BAN2401 in Phase III, which we are collaborating on with Eisai, including a new study in preclinical Alzheimers. Multiple programs targeting tau and our collaboration with Sangamo to develop gene regulation therapies for a range of neurological indications, including Alzheimers disease. We believe Biogen is uniquely positioned to lead the fight in Alzheimers disease over both the short and the long term. Second, we are disappointed in the recent court decision in West Virginia regarding our patent for TECFIDERA. We are appealing the decision and intend to vigorously defend our IP. No matter what the final outcome will be, we still believe Biogen is well positioned for shareholder value creation as we work to capitalize on growth opportunities in our core business and [Technical Difficulty] uniquely positioned and the time is now for Biogen to lead in the evolution of this space. We have a deep pipeline of 29 clinical assets, including seven in Phase III or filed and seven mid-to-late stage data readouts by the end of 2021, with near-term value creation opportunities beyond Alzheimers disease in other important areas, such as ALS, ophthalmology, lupus and stroke. Third, as we announced yesterday, Jeff will be stepping down as CFO in August. Id like to thank Jeff for his many contributions to the company, including establishing a very strong team, helping to deliver consistent results quarter-over-quarter, strengthening our finance processes and operations and creating a disciplined cost management culture. We are pleased that Jeff will be staying on for a brief period to ensure a seamless transition. We wish him well in his future endeavor. I will now review our Q2 performance and progress against our strategic priorities. Compared to the same period a year ago, second quarter revenues grew 2% to $3.7 billion. Second quarter GAAP earnings per share grew 22% to $9.59 and non-GAAP EPS grew 12% to $10.28. Importantly, we saw improved momentum in June following an impact from COVID-19 earlier in the quarter. First, Q2 MS revenues, including OCREVUS royalties, were $2.3 billion. The number of patients on our MS product globally increased 3% versus the prior year and our business continued to demonstrate resilience. We saw strong market share performance for our MS portfolio this quarter with increased share of new prescriptions in the US and stabilized market share in Europe. Overall, our fumarate products had a strong quarter as we focused on maximizing the potential for TECFIDERA and VUMERITY combined. Although we were disappointed in the performance for VUMERITY, its important to note that the MS market in the US has been significantly impacted by lower new patient starts and switches due to COVID-19, as well as reduced engagement with physicians, which have both impacted the launch of VUMERITY. Importantly, we believe the market is increasingly aware that VUMERITY is clearly differentiated in terms of better GI tolerability and may represent a better treatment alternative for many MS patients. Going forward, our strategic focus is now on VUMERITY, and we are increasing our resource allocation to maximize this next-generation fumarate. We are hopeful that this approach combined with the potential recovery in the dynamic portion of the market will help improve VUMERITYs trajectory in the second half of the year. Outside of the US, this quarter, we were very pleased to have submitted regulatory filing for VUMERITY in Canada and Switzerland and we plan to file in the EU by the end of this year. A critical part of our strategy in MS is and will continue to be investing in lifecycle management and innovative new approaches to help address the remaining unmet medical needs. We look forward to the readout of opicinumab this year, which could represent transformative new approaches slowing or even potentially reversing disability progression through remyelination. In addition to opicinumab, we continue to advance BIIB061 and overall remyelination therapy and BIIB091, an oral BTK inhibitor with potentially best-in-class profile, and we believe these important assets will bolster our broad portfolio of treatments for MS going forward. Across our current MS products, our focus on lifecycle management is a high priority. We recently filed for approval of a subcutaneous formulation [Technical Difficulty] both US and EU to offer a competitive dosing profile in the high efficacy space. We continue to advance the potential use of extended interval dosing for TYSABRI. We are advancing an intramuscular formulation of PLEGRIDY to potentially improve its tolerability profile, and we are leveraging label updates regarding the use of interferon during pregnancy. We remain committed to MS. And regardless of the outcome of the TECFIDERA litigation, we are focused on maximizing the broad opportunities we have with both present and future product offerings. Second, SPINRAZA. SPINRAZA generated second quarter global revenues of $495 million, a 1% increase versus the prior year. We are pleased with this performance in light of dosing delays due to COVID-19, which peaked in mid-April and began to normalize in May and June. Including the expanded access program and clinical trials, over 11,000 patients are being treated with SPINRAZA, an increase of 30% versus the prior year. This quarter, we presented important new data at the virtual Cure SMA meeting, showing an unprecedented benefit on survival for pre-symptomatic SMA patients treated with SPINRAZA. Data from the NURTURE study continue to demonstrate the compelling benefits SPINRAZA can provide to patients. This follows the publication of independent real-world data earlier this year, demonstrating the clinically meaningful benefits SPINRAZA can deliver for teens and adults, which represent the largest portion of the market. SPINRAZA continues to be the only therapy approved for SMA patients of all ages with clinically meaningful and sustained efficacy across all age groups. We recently announced our plans to initiate a new clinical study, evaluating the safety and efficacy of SPINRAZA when administered to infants following gene therapy. We believe there is a strong scientific rationale and a high need to evaluate the potential added benefit of SPINRAZA in this population. We have seen real-world demand for SPINRAZA in this setting with 40% of patients in the long-term extension of the Phase I study of gene therapy going on to receive SPINRAZA. Further, in our lifecycle management in SMA, we are also investigating whether higher dose of SPINRAZA could result in even greater efficacy through the DEVOTE study. Third, biosimilars revenues for the second quarter were $172 million as we observed an impact from COVID-19, particularly early in the quarter. We estimate that our biosimilars generated approximately 1.8 billion of savings to the European healthcare systems in 2019, which we expect will continue to increase in 2020. This is important as we work to create financial headroom for innovation and contribute to the long-term sustainability of the healthcare systems. In addition, Samsung Bioepis recently initiated a Phase III study for our potential biosimilar referencing EYLEA as we work to expand into ophthalmology and additional geographies, including Japan and the US. Fourth, beyond Alzheimers disease, we continue to progress our pipeline. We initiated a new Phase I study in movement disorders. We presented positive first-in-class data for BIIB059 in cutaneous lupus erythematosus and the positive Phase I/II results for tofersen in SOD1-ALS were published in the New England Journal of Medicine. Fifth, our cash flow generation remains strong and continue to provide us with significant optionality and flexibility to allocate capital. In Q2, we generated approximately $2 billion in cash flow from operations. We have $5.3 billion in cash and marketable securities on the balance sheet, providing us with the financial flexibility to continue to evaluate external business development and M&A opportunities. As we have demonstrated in the past, we are committed to maximizing returns for our shareholders as we aim to bring innovative therapies to patients, something that demands a thoughtful approach towards all our investment over both the short and the long term. In summary, Biogen has continued to execute well on our strategy, including the recent BLA submission for aducanumab in the US. While we are mindful of the potential risk to TECFIDERA, we believe we are well positioned as we continue to build a multi-franchise portfolio, leveraging the interconnectivity of our deep neuroscience pipeline. We expect seven important mid-to-late stage readouts by end of next year and we have several opportunities for meaningful value creation in areas of high unmet medical need beyond Alzheimers, including ALS, ophthalmology, lupus and stroke, as well as continued innovation in MS and SMA. I will now turn the call over to Al for a more detailed update on our recent progress in R&D.
Alfred Sandrock, Jr.: Thank you, Michel. And good morning everyone. I would like to start by thanking the Biogen team for their hard work as they continue to advance our R&D programs during these challenging times. Although some uncertainty remains on the impact that COVID-19 is having on our studies, Im pleased that the majority of our clinical trials are currently on track or only slightly delayed with seven mid-to-late stage readouts expected by the end of next year. Let me now turn to the advances we made across our pipeline in the second quarter. Starting with Alzheimers disease. As Michel mentioned, we have completed the BLA submission for aducanumab to the FDA. This submission is based upon EMERGE, the first positive Phase III study for a therapy to reduce clinical decline in Alzheimers disease; supporting data from ENGAGE, although this study did not meet its primary endpoint; and positive results from the Phase Ib PRIME study. We participated in a pre-BLA meeting with the FDA. During which, the agency reiterated that submitting a BLA based on data from EMERGE, ENGAGE and PRIME was reasonable. We look forward to working with the FDA during their review and continuing our engagement with other regulators around the world. I want to congratulate the team for achieving this important milestone in the midst of the COVID-19 crisis. We also continue to develop a broader Alzheimers disease portfolio and believe we are well positioned for sustained leadership in this disease area. Part of this strategy includes expanding into even earlier patient populations with a goal of delaying or perhaps even preventing the clinical onset of the disease. To that end, our collaboration partner Eisai, in conjunction with the Alzheimers Clinical Trials Consortium announced initiation of the AHEAD 345 clinical study to evaluate BAN2401 in individuals with preclinical Alzheimers disease. These individuals have intermediate or elevated levels of amyloid in their brain. Together, the A3 and A45 studies will evaluate whether early administration of BAN2401 can suppress the progression of amyloid and tau pathology and reduce cognitive decline in the very early stages of Alzheimers disease. The results of the BAN2401 Phase II study, as well as the similarities between BAN2401 and aducanumab give us reason to be optimistic regarding the ongoing Phase III study for BAN2401 in early Alzheimers disease. Beyond amyloid beta, we continue to advance several programs aimed at different drug targets, including tau, which when misfolded is the principal constituent of neurofibrillary tangle, a hallmark of Alzheimers pathology. The accumulation and spread of misfolded tau in the brain correlates with disease progression and may make it amenable to clearance via antibody-based approaches, which we believe target extracellular forms of the protein. Our lead tau asset is gosuranemab, a monoclonal antibody currently in a Phase II study in Alzheimers disease. This study is fully enrolled with data expected in the first half of next year. In addition to gosuranemab, we also have BIIB076, a distinct anti-tau antibody in Phase I. We are also advancing our ASO-targeting tau BIIB080, which may reduce the synthesis of all forms of the protein, both intracellular and extracellular. Moving to our MS portfolio, we continue to advance a number of initiatives aimed at further unlocking the value of our existing franchise. To that end, we presented new data across our MS portfolio at the AAN meeting in May. Among the data presented were new data on TYSABRI, which supported previous findings that extended interval dosing is associated with a lower incidence of PML, and may maintain comparable efficacy as assessed by serum neurofilament light biomarkers. The efficacy of extended interval dosing as compared to the standard dosing regimen is being accessed prospectively in the ongoing NOVA study, which has an expected readout in the first half of next year. In addition, we are pursuing what we hope will be transformative approaches in MS. The most advanced asset in our MS pipeline is opicinumab or anti-LINGO, which is a potential first-in-class remyelination agent to promote neuronal repair and potentially reverse disability in MS. The safety and efficacy of opicinumab as an add-on to existing disease-modifying therapies in MS is currently being evaluated in the Phase IIb AFFINITY trial. AFFINITY takes advantage of data from the prior SYNERGY Phase II study in MS and a subsequent post-hoc analysis to identify what we believe are additional criteria needed to identify the right patients, the right dose and the right measurements to assess the therapeutic potential of opicinumab. We also have an oral remyelination agent BIIB061 in Phase I that has a target distinct from that of anti-LINGO. Additionally, we have BIIB091, a small molecule BTK inhibitor in Phase I. We believe that BIIB091s highly potent and selective non-covalent inhibition of BTK may make it a best-in-class molecule. Turning to neuromuscular disorders, we presented an update on the ongoing NURTURE study at the Cure SMA meeting this last month. NURTURE, which is the long study ever done on the treatment of pre-symptomatic patients with SMA, evaluates nusinersen in infants who had initiated treatment shortly after birth and prior to the onset of symptoms. The new analysis showed that all 25% or 100% of children up to 4.8 years of age were alive and remain free of permanent ventilation, with 88% walking independently and 96% able to walk with assistance. We are pleased to report that the US label of nusinersen was recently updated to include the additional data gathered in the NURTURE study. In ALS, the results from the Phase I/II trial of tofersen in patients with genetic ALS due to mutations in SOD1 were published in the New England Journal of Medicine this month. This study showed promising signs of efficacy across multiple clinical and biomarker endpoints. We are encouraged by these results and look forward to the results of the ongoing Phase III VALOR study, which is expected to read out late next year. We believe that the tofersen results have positive implications for our other assets for ALS, including BIIB078 for ALS due to mutations and C9orf, the most common genetic cause of the disease, as well as our program targeting ataxin-2. Next, I would like to turn to the encouraging progress we are making in lupus. Last month, at the European College of Rheumatology meeting, we presented results from our Phase II LILAC study, evaluating the safety and efficacy of BIIB059, a fully humanized monoclonal antibody targeting BDCA2 in individuals with active cutaneous lupus erythematosus or CLE with or without systemic manifestations. BIIB059 treatment resulted in a dose response on the CLASI-A score, a well-defined and reliable outcome measure to detect CLE skin disease activity. Specifically, study participants with CLE treated with BIIB059 showed statistically significant reductions in CLASI-A score at week 16 versus placebo with a p-value on the primary endpoint of less than 0.001. BIIB059 was discovered and developed by Biogen scientists and has the potential to be the first anti-BDCA2 antibody for the treatment of lupus. We plan to initiate a Phase III program for BIIB059 in the first half of next year. In collaboration with our partner UCB, we aim to start in Q3 of this year the Phase III program for dapirolizumab pegol in patients with active systemic lupus erythematosus despite being treated by standard of care therapies. This Phase III program follows promising results from the Phase IIb clinical trial; of which, interim results were presented at EULAR in June of 2019. Together with BIIB059 and dapirolizumab, both in late-stage development, we are well positioned to potentially build a meaningful franchise in lupus, a disease in which patients need better treatment options. Turning to ophthalmology, we continue to advance our gene therapy programs for inherited retinal disorders, including BIIB111 for choroideremia and BIIB112 for X-linked retinitis pigmentosa, both diseases with no approved treatments. We expect data from the Phase III study of BIIB111 in the first half of next year. Importantly, this represents our next pivotal readout and our next potential commercial product after aducanumab. We also expect data from the Phase II/III study of BIIB112 in the first half of 2021. We are pleased to have entered into a licensing agreement with Massachusetts Eye and Ear infirmary to develop a potential treatment for inherited retinal degeneration due to mutations in the PRPF31 gene, which are among the most common causes for autosomal dominant retinitis pigmentosa. In summary, we continue to progress a broad and deep pipeline focused on neuroscience aimed at capitalizing on the breaking science, including the advancements in imaging, CSF and blood-based biomarkers and the significant unmet need in this space as we work to create a multi-franchise portfolio. Through the end of next year, we have a significant number of expected mid-to-late stage readouts across a diverse set of important therapeutic areas, including MS, ALS, ophthalmology, Parkinsons disease, stroke and Alzheimers disease. We believe that our pipeline will be a source of sustained innovation to help drive long-term growth of the company. I will now pass the call to Jeff.
Jeffrey Capello: Thanks, Al. Good morning, everyone. We are pleased that Biogen had another strong quarter despite the COVID-19 challenges as we continued to execute well. We remain in a very strong financial position with significant cash and financial capacity to continue to grow the business over the long term. I will now review our financial performance in the quarter and provide an update to our full-year guidance. Total revenues for the second quarter grew 2% year-over-year to $3.7 billion. As a reminder, we believe that the Q1 2020 revenues included a benefit of approximately $100 million attributed to accelerated sales due to the COVID-19 pandemic, of which, we believe $75 million approximately was utilized in the second quarter of this year. Overall, we executed well in our MS business, delivering revenues of $2.3 billion in the second quarter, including OCREVUS royalties of $208 million, declining 2% versus the prior year. Global MS revenues in the second quarter decreased 4% versus the prior year without OCREVUS royalties. Importantly, in the current COVID-19 environment, we believe our MS products are well positioned versus the competition based on treatment guidelines from the MS International Federation. US MS revenues, excluding OCREVUS, were approximately flat versus the prior year. We were very encouraged to see growth in share of new prescriptions TYSABRI and interferon within the quarter despite the recent increase in competition. Outside the US, our MS revenues were $615 million, a decline of 11% versus the prior year, due in part to a negative effect of foreign exchange rates of approximately $35 million. In addition, we believe that the first quarter 2020 MS revenues outside the US included a benefit of approximately $59 million attributed to accelerated sales due to the COVID-19 pandemic, of which, we believe approximately $37 million was utilized in the second quarter. Importantly, outside the US, we drove strong patient growth of 7% as our leading MS therapies continued to be very well received. Global second quarter fumarate revenues, including both TECFIDERA and VUMERITY, increased 3% versus the prior year, driven by revenue growth in the US. In the US, fumarate revenue grew 6% versus the prior year. US fumarate revenues were impacted by an increase in channel inventory of approximately $15 million in the second quarter 2020, compared to a decrease of approximately $15 million in the second quarter of last year. Second quarter VUMERITY revenue was $9 million, and we now have access and reimbursement for the vast majority of commercial lives covered. Within the US, we were pleased to see strong execution with growth in our share of both new and total prescriptions for the fumarates versus the prior quarter. As Michel mentioned, we are increasing our resource allocation for VUMERITY and its important to note that COVID-19 is impacting overall new prescription volumes in the US, making new product launches more challenging, including for VUMERITY. Outside the US, TECFIDERA second quarter 2020 revenues declined by 4% with demand growth offset by price and unfavorable foreign exchange rates. We believe that Q1 2020 TECFIDERA revenues outside the US included a benefit of approximately $28 million attributed to accelerated sales through the COVID-19 pandemic, of which, we believe approximately $17 million was utilized in Q2 2020. Importantly, the number of TECFIDERA patients outside the US grew by approximately 12% versus prior year, driven by approximately double-digit patient growth across Europe and approximately 38% patient growth in Latin America and Asia Pacific combined. Q2 global interferon revenues, including both AVONEX and PLEGRIDY, decreased 13% versus Q2 2019, due to continued shift from the injectable platforms to oral or high-efficacy therapies. In the US, interferon revenues decreased 9% versus the prior year. However, we were pleased to see growth in share of new prescriptions and stable share of total prescriptions in the second quarter; something we have not seen in some time as we have continued to see increased interest in the interferons since the COVID-19 pandemic began. Outside the US, interferon revenues decreased by 22% versus the prior year. We believe that the first quarter 2020 interferon revenues outside the US included a benefit of approximately $21 million attributed to accelerated sales due to the COVID-19 pandemic. Of which, we believe approximately $15 million was utilized in the second quarter of this year. TYSABRI worldwide revenues decreased by 9% versus the second quarter of 2019. In the US, TYSABRI revenues decreased 8% versus the prior year, which we estimate is equally impacted by inventory dynamics and the impact of COVID-19 given delays in dosing at infusion sites. Within the US, we were pleased to see roughly stable adjusted volumes and share of new prescriptions versus the prior quarter. Outside the US, TYSABRI revenues decreased by 11% versus the prior year, negatively impacted by approximately $12 million due to unfavorable foreign exchange rates as well as channel dynamics. In addition, we believe that Q1 2020 TYSABRI revenues outside the US included a benefit of approximately $7 million attributed to accelerated sales due to the COVID-19 pandemic, of which, we believe approximately $5 million was utilized in the second quarter 2020. Importantly, outside the US, we were pleased to see continued patient growth of 5% for TYSABRI versus the prior year. We believe TYSABRI is well positioned to play an increasingly important role in MS treatment with several important initiatives, including pursuing TYSABRI subcutaneous administration, the potential for extended interval dosing and an option for home infusion. Overall, we were pleased with the execution of our MS franchise and the continued strong performance of our MS business in the second quarter. We remain focused on maximizing the resilience of our market-leading franchise. Let me now move on to SPINRAZA. Global second quarter SPINRAZA revenues increased 1% versus the prior year to $495 million. In the US, revenues decreased 9% versus the second quarter 2019 and decreased 11% versus the first quarter 2020. The number of patients on therapy in the US increased by 6% as compared to the prior year and decreased slightly versus the prior quarter as we believe COVID-19 had an impact on new patient starts. Although the US SPINRAZA business was impacted by COVID-19 in the second quarter, we were pleased with our overall execution as we saw more centers come back online and most patients continue to receive their therapy, though with some dosing delays. We saw strong improvement in maintenance doses in June and exited the quarter with good momentum. Outside the US, SPINRAZA revenues increased 10% versus the second quarter of 2019, demonstrating strong performance despite the impact of COVID-19, broad growth across all major regions of the world with an increased number of countries contributing as we continue this very successful product launch. Importantly, we are encouraged that the recently-published independent real-world data on the use of SPINRAZA in adults has helped us to secure broader reimbursement for older patients in certain European markets. Overall, we were pleased with SPINRAZAs performance in the second quarter despite the challenges of COVID-19. Importantly, we now estimate that there are over 60,000 patients with SMA in global markets. And we expect to commercialize significantly higher than our previous estimate of 45,000. We see continued opportunities for growth for this well-established product given the efficacy of SPINRAZA and the strength of our real-world evidence coupled with a significant number of untreated patients across many established and emerging markets. Let me now move onto our biosimilars business, which generated $172 million this quarter, decreasing by 7%, partially due to market dynamics due to COVID-19. We believe that the first quarter 2020 biosimilar revenues included a benefit of approximately $15 million attributed to accelerated sales due to COVID-19 pandemic, of which, we believe approximately $9 million was utilized in Q2 2020. Q2 biosimilars revenues were also negatively impacted by a relatively higher slowdown in new treatment for immunology patients as a result of COVID-19, impacting both year-over-year and quarter-over-quarter comparisons. We estimate there are now approximately 215,000 patients using our biosimilars in Europe. BENEPALI remains the Number one prescribed Enbrel biosimilar across the major EU5 markets. FLIXABI volumes grew 58% versus the prior year, and IMRALDI volumes grew 46% versus the prior year. Despite our biosimilars business being impacted by COVID-19 within the quarter, we have the opportunity to continue to grow both in Europe, as well as potentially within the US and other geographies with our additional assets. Total anti-CD20 revenues in the second quarter decreased by 17% versus the prior year with increased OCREVUS royalties offset by decreased revenues from RITUXAN due to COVID-19 dynamics and continued erosion from biosimilars. Total other revenues in the second quarter increased 155%, excuse me, versus the prior year, due primarily to approximately $330 million in revenues related to the license of certain manufacturing-related intellectual property to one of our corporate partners, which impacted contract manufacturing revenues. Note, this was a previously-anticipated transaction in 2020. Let me now turn to gross margins. Q2 2020 gross margin was 89%, an improvement versus 87% in the prior year, due to higher margin contract manufacturing revenue and improved versus the prior quarter. Q2 GAAP R&D expense was 18% of revenue and non-GAAP was 15% of revenue. In the second quarter, we recorded a GAAP expense of $208 million and non-GAAP R&D expense of $125 million, both related to our collaboration with Sangamo Therapeutics. Q2 GAAP and non-GAAP SG&A were both 15% of revenue. We still expect SG&A to increase in the second half of the year as we ramp up our commercial preparations for aducanumab. Q2 GAAP other income was $63 million, which included $103 million in unrealized gains on investments, principally driven by an increase in the fair value of our equity investments in Ionis Pharmaceuticals and Sangamo. Q2 non-GAAP other expense was $30 million. In Q2 this year, our effective GAAP tax rate was approximately 22%, an increase from approximately 14% in the second quarter of 2019. This is due to a non-recurring prior year income tax benefit on a change in our tax profile and a current year income tax expense related to a net valuation allowance. For the second quarter of 2020, our effective non-GAAP tax rate was approximately 19%, an increase from approximately 14% in the second quarter of 2019, primarily due to the non-recurring benefit of the prior-year change in our tax profile. We repurchased approximately 9 million shares in the second quarter at an average price of $313 for a total value of approximately $2.8 billion. As of the end of the second quarter, approximately $1.3 billion was remaining under the share repurchase program authorized in December 2019, which now brings us to our diluted earnings per share. In the second quarter, we booked GAAP EPS of $9.59, an increase of 22% versus the prior year and non-GAAP earnings per share of $10.26, a 12% increase versus the prior year. We generated approximately $1.95 billion in net cash flows from operations in the second quarter. We ended the quarter with $5.3 billion in cash and marketable securities and $7 billion in debt. Let me now turn to our updated full-year guidance for 2020. Due to the many factors potentially impacting the intellectual property situation for TECFIDERA, our updated guidance does not include any operational impact from potential generic entry this year. With that assumption in mind, we expect revenues of approximately $13.8 billion to $14.2 billion. We anticipate GAAP R&D expense to be approximately 16% to 17% of total revenues. We expect GAAP and non-GAAP SG&A expense to be approximately 17.5% to 18.5% of total revenues. We anticipate our GAAP tax rate to be approximately 18.5% to 19.5% and our non-GAAP tax rate to be approximately 18% to 19%. We anticipate full-year 2020 GAAP diluted earnings per share results of $32 to $34 and non-GAAP diluted earnings per share to be between $34 and $36. Its important to note that this guidance does not include any impact from potential acquisitions or large business development transactions as both are very hard to predict. Our guidance assumes a stable share count off the second quarter of 2020 and no change to foreign exchange rates. Before I conclude, I would like to say that I have truly enjoyed working as a CFO of Biogen. Im proud of what I have been able to contribute and I believe Biogen is in a stronger position for long-term shareholder value creation with multiple opportunities ahead of it. I wish the best of luck to the entire Biogen team moving forward. Ill now turn the call back over to Michel for his closing comments.
Michel Vounatsos: Thank you so much, Jeff. Biogen continued to demonstrate strong execution this quarter. We again delivered solid financial results, made strong progress advancing our strategy of building a multi-franchise portfolio and importantly one step closer to a potential approval for aducanumab as the first therapy to reduce clinical decline in Alzheimers disease. I want to reiterate our commitment to maximizing returns for our shareholders and bringing innovative therapies to patients now and over the long term. This requires that we continue to allocate capital efficiently, effectively and appropriately, as we have demonstrated in the past we will always strive to have an optimal capital structure as well as aim for superior returns from the investments we make. Finally, our organization takes it very seriously the recent racial injustice events and the considerable health inequity that still exists as highlighted by the COVID-19 crisis. Now more than ever, we are focused on advancing our broader purpose as an organization as we aim to pioneer science for the betterment of humanity. This includes doing the right thing for patients, our employees, the environment and the community; all of which we believe contribute to long-term sustainable shareholder value. This also includes accelerating our efforts in diversity and inclusion across the organization Biogen was already taking a leading position from hiring to the way we conduct clinical trials and working to ensure that the most vulnerable have access to our therapies. I am proud of what Biogen stands for and I believe this approach positions us well to be a sustainable organization over the long term as we remain focused on being the leader in neuroscience to address the tremendous societal needs in this space. Again, I would like to thank our employees around the world who are dedicated to making a positive impact on patients lives, including ensuring access to our therapies during these challenging times. With that, we will open the call for questions.
Joe Mara: As a reminder, we would appreciate if you can limit yourself to one question as there are a number of analysts on the call. Thank you.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question will come from the line of Cory Kasimov with JPMorgan.
Cory Kasimov: Hey, great. Good morning, guys. Thanks for taking the question. Let me say Jeff it's been great working with you at Biogen. So my question is toward the recently announced Phase III pre-symptomatic Alzheimer study. Can you elaborate on the rationale of choosing BAN2401 over aducanumab? I guess what about that - how has that made it more attractive to initially move into the study? Is it the lack of required dose titrations or something else? Thanks a lot.
Alfred Sandrock, Jr.: Cory, this is Al Sandrock. I actually heard every third word of your question. So I'm not sure, but I think you were asking about BAN2401 in preclinical Alzheimer's disease and perhaps comparisons to aducanumab. If that's true, then I would say that, yes, BAN2401 and aducanumab are very similar antibodies. They both prefer to bind to aggregated forms of a-beta and they both show robust effect on amyloid PET imaging and also both have shown a reduction in clinical decline in Phase II or Phase 1 and Phase III trials. We have - we're very excited that our partners at Eisai are initiating this clinical study with the Alzheimer's Disease Clinical Trials Consortium. I believe that starting earlier is the best approach for - it turns out for all these neurological diseases and so we look forward to seeing the results of that. I'm not sure I heard your question but I hope I answered it.
Michel Vounatsos: So we did support the preclinical study with BAN2401 while we focused on the filing for aducanumab. We will revert back on lifecycle management opportunities during the entire continuum of the disease for patients once we have a readout and answer from the FDA on how we move forward.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Geoff Meacham with Bank of America.
Geoff Meacham: Hey, guys. Thanks for the question. Jeff also want to say it's been great working with you. Another one on aducanumab. I know the next decision is - the next step is a decision from FDA. But when you look at ENGAGE versus EMERGE, just wondering if you could go into any detail of the analysis over, say, the past six months to nine months that you guys have done with the FDA, whether that could be published or at a medical conference or anything that you can share with us in terms of what the developments have been over the past pretty much six - since the beginning of this year. Thank you.
Alfred Sandrock, Jr.: So Geoff, just to make sure we get the gist of your question, you are asking more about the timing over the next few months?
Geoff Meacham: No, no, just the quality of the analysis and the details of the data analysis for aducanumab in support of the filing.
Alfred Sandrock, Jr.: Well, I'm not sure I heard your question, Geoff. But I think - look the filing is based on these studies; EMERGE, ENGAGE and PRIME. EMERGE is the first study to show an effect, not only on the primary endpoint but all three pre-specified secondary endpoints. We believe that data from ENGAGE, that portions of the data from ENGAGE, a negative study, that portions of it do support the analysis that we did with EMERGE, and then - and also PRIME, which was published shows even though the clinical endpoints were exploratory endpoints on the highest dose, there was an effect on MMSE, as well as CDR-Sum of Boxes. And again very similar that the lower doses did not show much of an effect. So consistent with the findings from ENGAGE and EMERGE, you really need to get to the higher dose. And I think our data are all consistent with that.
Geoff Meacham: Okay. Thanks, Al.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Umer Raffat with Evercore.
Umer Raffat: Hi, guys. Thanks for taking my question. I guess if I may focus on TECFIDERA, VUMERITY for a second. Michel, you mentioned you're working on two lifecycle management programs for PLEGRIDY and TYSABRI, but I feel like the most important lifecycle management program that's been on the market for a few months but has been a complete laggard has been VUMERITY. And my question is, why is that and why is almost every single precedent on lifecycle management capturing well above 25% share and up to 80%. I would just love to hear your take on commercial perspective on what happened on this?
Michel Vounatsos: Yeah, thank you for the question. And I share the disappointment for the performance to date on VUMERITY and you can anticipate that based on the patent life that we have, we are working on lifecycle management opportunities for the long run. We did launch VUMERITY in December and we had encouraging platforms start forms and then COVID came, and this impacted significantly the patients' new starts and the switches. So we did not anticipate when we launched in December that three months down the road, there will be COVID. And at that time, you will remember because you asked few times the question, the strategy was not a switch strategy, it was a fumarate strategy to enhance the share of the fumarates and the results are not bad. But this is not an excuse for the lack of performance to date of VUMERITY, for which the US organization is all over it. So what it shows is that it's difficult, it's challenging to launch. When there is a shutdown, it is challenging to change your behavior when you cannot meet the prescriber. Having said that, now the entire focus is pivoting on VUMERITY, and this is the good time because we have a very good access, close to 90%. We increased significantly the resource allocation. This is a next-generation fumarate with good data. Fumarate is differentiated as you know in terms of GI tolerability. It doesn't mean that all the patients on TECFIDERA could benefit from VUMERITY because those who are stable should stay on TECFIDERA, but it is a significantly enhanced focus of the organization on one brand, VUMERITY, the new generation fumarate and the next month should speak. So, we don't give up, and you should not.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Marc Goodman with SVB Leerink.
Marc Goodman: Yes, good morning. Jeff, I was wondering if you could talk about the SG&A guidance. It looks like it's $300 million less than it was before. There has been no change in the ramp-up in your spend commitment for adu in the second half of the year. So, where are the cuts coming from? Thanks.
Jeffrey Capello: Thanks, Marc. So, in this pandemic, we've found that - obviously, there's much less travel going on, much less conferences, meetings and other discretionary spend. And so, the vast majority of that difference in guidance is due to the fact that we have significant savings in the second quarter, and we anticipate that those savings will continue in the back half of the year.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Jay Olson with Oppenheimer.
Jay Olson: Hi. Thanks for taking the question. Since you submitted the aducanumab BLA in a modular fashion, can you comment on whether the FDA began enrolling review of those modules or if they waited until the entire BLA submission was completed before initiating their review? Thank you.
Alfred Sandrock, Jr.: Well, I don't want to comment on FDA's internal processes. It's true that we did submit modules as they became available to submit. And so, they've had some modules for some months now. But whether or not they reviewed them? I don't, you know. That's FDA internal processes and I can't comment on it.
Jay Olson: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Michael Yee with Jefferies.
Michael Yee: Hey, good morning. Thanks, and congrats on the progress, particularly, Al, with the filing. Those were unprecedented. Maybe, Al, can you just comment on a simple question about how you think about priority review and whether or not there is any reason it would not be and whether or not you guys logically used a voucher? And then you made a nice comment about Europe, how you're preparing there to file. So, is that actually, you've had a discussion with them, and you've gotten sort of a similar agreement? Just comment there on Europe. Thank you so much.
Operator: Speakers, you may be on mute.
Joe Mara: I'm not on mute.
Operator: And our next question will come from the line of Terence Flynn with Goldman Sachs.
Terence Flynn: Great. Thanks for taking the question. Maybe a two-part for me. I was just wondering, Jeff, if you can comment on what drove the change to the revenue guidance, anything more specifically? And are you assuming SPINRAZA is going to grow in the back half of the year? And then I was wondering more broadly, maybe a question for Al. If you can confirm that IQVIA was the CRO for the ADU Phase III trials? I'm just wondering how involved the company was in the filing process and if they were party to the discussions with the FDA? Thank you.
Alfred Sandrock, Jr.: Hi, this is Al Sandrock. I'm not sure Michael heard my answer previously, so I'm going to repeat it. On the priority review question, we do have a voucher. We received one when we got nusinersen approved. But we haven't commented on how we're going to use it, when we're going to use it. We do expect to hear about whether or not we have priority review at the time the FDA notifies us of the acceptance of the filing, and so we'll leave it at that. In terms of the ex-US regulators, I think that was the second part of your question. We have engaged formally with the EMA, and we were in the process of preparing a filing for the European submission. And we have had also informal interactions with the Japanese regulators, and we're preparing that filing as well.
Jeffrey Capello: So, maybe moving to Terence's question on kind of what drove the difference in guidance. I'd point you back to the first quarter where we left guidance the way it was before, even in light of the COVID pandemic and with the view that we wanted to see how things played out. Now, as we sit here at the end of July, we've got a better sense of what the impact was on the second quarter and it was both the unwind of the activity from the first quarter, which we described, plus some headwinds in some businesses still like SPINRAZA and TYSABRI. We expect some of those headwinds to continue into the back half of the year. So, the vast majority of the difference in guidance is due to kind of continued COVID impact, which was difficult to predict when we did the guidance. But I would also point out that we did see a significant strengthening of the business through the months of the second quarter, particularly if you look at US SME business, where April was a very challenging month and then we saw a strengthening in May and then significant strengthening in June. So, another comment would be, we went with a fairly wide range because we're still kind of assessing how quickly it comes back. So, big difference is the COVID impact for the full year with post guidance down, but we did see a strengthening in SPINRAZA, which was encouraging. So, we'll have to see how all of that plays out. And then I think there was a question on IQVIA. Yes, IQVIA was the CRO that helped us to conduct the Phase III trials of aducanumab. However, they were not involved in any of the regulatory interactions that we've had with the FDA.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Matthew Harrison with Morgan Stanley.
Matthew Harrison: Great. Good morning. Thanks for taking the question. One Al, could you just clarify on the comment you just made around priority review voucher. It sounds like you're not willing to say whether or not you use it to file for adu. And then secondly, can you just comment on anti-LINGO? What will you view as a positive result from that study or what do you need to see to move that into Phase III? Thanks.
Alfred Sandrock, Jr.: Hi, Matthew. Yes. So, in terms of the prior - it's right, we're not - we're not willing to comment on whether or not we've used our Priority Voucher. And in terms of anti-LINGO, the primary endpoint is the overall response core, which looks - which is a four components score, looking at walking, EDSS and 9-hole Peg Test in the dominant arm and 9-hole Peg Test in a non-dominant arm. So, four components. And we're looking at whether or not patients overall improve. Because as you know, MS affects different parts of the central nervous system and at times you can have improvement in one area and worsening in another. So, we wanted to know whether or not, overall, the patients improved. In addition to that, of course, we're going to be looking at imaging measures related to myelination. So, for example, Magnetization Transfer Ratio, MTR, is a good measure of myelination and we'll be looking at that. So, in addition to the clinical, we'll be looking to see if we have biological measurements that are consistent with myelination.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ronny Gal with Bernstein.
Ronny Gal: Good morning, everybody. Congratulations on nice results and thank you for taking the question. You have presented before the submission there of aducanumab various of the patients. And you discussed with us the idea that you've done the same and even more advance with the FDA. I was wondering if you can share with us what is the primary patient cut used for the review, is it total set of patients all those who received certain number of high doses versus placebo? And to the extent you can answer that, I was wondering if you can share anything instead, if you're using copay and rebate differences to drive the adoption of VUMERITY going forward or is it just a difference in the educational focus of the organization?
Alfred Sandrock, Jr.: So, Ronny, I'll take the first part. So, we submitted all the data from those three studies that I mentioned, EMERGE, ENGAGE and PRIME. And what the FDA chooses to look at is, that's their purview. I will say that in terms of the negative study, ENGAGE, we do - we have analysis that show that those who received the highest dose over a sustained period of time do show evidence of efficacy similar to what we found in EMERGE. And so, that's the data we presented to CTAD and ADPD and that's why we believe there are supportive evidence coming from ENGAGE.
Michel Vounatsos: So, concerning the second part of the question on VUMERITY, since the focus now is on VUMERITY not on the fumarate, I can tell you that all levels are aligned, at the payer level, at the patient services level, at the salesforce level - including incentive schemes -- to shape their behavior, at the medical affairs level. So, the organization is absolutely aligned and focused on all of those levers. Next five months will be critical.
Ronny Gal: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Phil Nadeau with Cowen and Company.
Phil Nadeau: Good morning. Thanks for taking my question. Jeff, let me add my well-wishes as you move on to your next opportunity. Thanks for the help over the years. Question for you, Al. In the prepared remarks, you suggested that the FDA in the pre-BLA meeting noted that the submission of aducanumab based on the three studies is reasonable. I'm curious whether you can provide any more detail on the pre-BLA meeting, what topics were discussed, what feedback did you receive and maybe in particular did the FDA indicate whether an Advisory Committee would be likely? Thanks.
Alfred Sandrock, Jr.: Hi. Yes, so, it's our policy not to talk about the content of our regulatory interactions. So, I'm not - I'm not prepared to go any further than what I said in my prepared remarks. In terms of the Advisory Committee, it would not be unusual for the first disease modifying therapy of this type to be reviewed at an Advisory Committee. So, we are starting to prepare for one. Whether or not we have one and when it will be, will be up to the FDA. And we expect to hear that at around the time that we notified of whether or not the files has been accepted.
Phil Nadeau: Great, thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Tim Anderson with Wolfe Research.
Tim Anderson: Thank you. I have a question on aducanumab. Tau as a biomarker, which in Alzheimer's has really risen in prominence over the last few years. These are measured as tests, or if you remember, CSF. The amount of tau biomarker data you collected in ENGAGE and EMERGE was quite low in the context of the size of those few trials. And I'm wondering what FDA's feedback has been to you on this in terms of potentially wanting more tau biomarker data? My understanding is that the new EMBARK study, you are capturing tau on everyone. I think that includes tau imaging. So, any commentary on that would be helpful. And then, you guys have been willing to disclose you've asked for priority review. What I haven't heard you talk about is whether you've requested breakthrough therapy designation, which is arguably a better litmus test for how FDA views the data we have. Thank you.
Alfred Sandrock, Jr.: So, Tim, you're right that tau has risen in prominence as an important biomarker and perhaps drug target in Alzheimer's disease. And that's because if you look at what correlates best with clinical progression, tau accumulation seems to do so. However, our - and our belief is that there is an interaction between amyloid beta and tau. And it's possible that tau could be triggered - tau misfolding and spreading could be triggered by a number of factors, trauma for one. But it could be that amyloid beta also does. And our data would be consistent with that in the sense that when we lowered, we use aducanumab, which is specific for amyloid beta and we see downstream effects on tau, both by imaging and by CSF. And the reason why it's not that many patients is that, first of all, it's hard to convince patients to undergo a lumbar puncture twice or - and also we were introducing a new tau PET imaging ligand, and we're already imaging patients with - for amyloid. So, having to do two PET scans, two different types of PET scans is a lot to ask for patients. But we do think we have adequate data to show a convincing effect on tau, not only in the CSF but also by imaging. And I've now forgotten the second part of your question.
Tim Anderson: Breakthrough.
Alfred Sandrock, Jr.: Oh! Breakthrough. Yes, well, we do have fast track status and we expect to hear about a priority review. And with the fast track status., we have the opportunity to engage with FDA. And I'll say that we've-- we very much appreciate the level of engagement we've had, essentially since last June, where we've had a number of constructive, collaborative interactions with FDA.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Brian Abrahams with RBC Capital Markets.
Brian Abrahams: Hi, there. Thanks so much for taking my question. Question on SPINRAZA and SMA dynamics. What would you guys be looking for out of the new study in combination with gene therapy? Is there any sort of bar from reimbursement perspective that one might expect for a combo use? And then, can you comment on any additional commercial prep or evolution and strategy had a potential entry of an oral? Thanks.
Alfred Sandrock, Jr.: Well, the reason for doing - I'll take the first part, Brian. The reason for doing this study is mainly because, A, clinicians are already doing it, but there's no data from the study on whether or not it's helpful to patients. In fact, the European Journal of Pediatric Neurology just published a consensus statement of European experts in SMA. And they point out that there's a real lack of data on the use of this combination therapy and they called for more studies on it, and so, we're happy to be doing one. And the key question is, do you see improvement beyond what you see with just one therapy alone when you add SPINRAZA to Zolgensma or Zolgensma to SPINRAZA. And so, it's really looking at a motor milestone, whether you maintain them better, whether you gain more and more motor milestones. So, it's really mostly about efficacy.
Michel Vounatsos: And I think that it's a very good to help clinicians prioritize which therapeutic option to use based on research and not based on speculation or claims. If you look at the competitive landscape, for realty plans, it's still hard to speculate because there is no labor yet. FIREFISH was pretty consistent, SUNFISH was underwhelming in terms of achieving the objectives. When I speak to scientific leaders, their position is we need to wait for the long-term safety and efficacy profile of the product. And for the gene therapy, I think we have a profile that starts to be well characterized. And if I refer back to the latest consensus published in the European Journal of Pediatric Neurology, there is still uncertainty for the older population behavior, the infant ease. And they see a link with the potential risk to the wait. So, the scientifically those basically encourage at looking at all the options. For Biogen, we stand behind the efficacy and safety of SPINRAZA in all age groups, and we have a larger body of evidence. The product is approved now in 50 countries. So, we believe that SPINRAZA will continue to be really a very good treatment and alternative in this context, where there is a bit more treatment in this market, which is good for the patients. So, we are working to enhance the efficacy by increasing the dose. I'm not sure others can do that. And last but not least, there is the response study after gene therapy. So, I think it's good in order to best educate the market. So, we are confident.
Brian Abrahams: Thanks, Michel. Thanks, Al.
Joe Mara: We have time for two more questions.
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of Evan Seigerman with Credit Suisse.
Evan Seigerman: Hi, all. Thank you very much for taking my question and congrats on the progress. So, in the press release out last night from Mike's appointment, it was clear that you emphasized his expertise in value creating strategic financial considerations. Should we read this as an evolution to more or larger transformative business development as under Jeff's leadership there was only really one major deal, which was the Nightstar acquisition?
Michel Vounatsos: Well, together with Jeff, we delivered on 18 deals. And remember, we believe we have an inequity in the space where we are specialized. So, the sweet spot is early stage. This is where we can add most value. And I am delighted to see this portfolio maturing extremely well with very important readouts in the coming 12 months and beyond, that will start to impact the market 2024, 2025. And in between now and the '24, '25, there is one big hope, which is aducanumab. So, I can tell you that we continue to be very active on the BD M&A front. But at the same time, we are very careful while we approach aducanumab potentially. And we will always invest in the interest of the long-term shareholder value creation.
Evan Seigerman: Great, thank you.
Operator: Our final question will come from the line of Robyn Karnauskas with SunTrust Robinson Humphrey.
Robyn Karnauskas: Great. Thanks for taking my question, and thanks, Evan, for the segue. So, I want to ask about the Phase III STAR trial for choroideremia. You've got data coming up, you'll be first. Walk us through what the bar is, and then what would be the best-case scenario to secure the best reimbursement for the drug? And then, what would be the next steps to be able to treat even younger patients with the disease as many people get it when they are very-very young? Thank you.
Alfred Sandrock, Jr.: Hi, Robyn. This is, Al. Yes, so the BIIB111, which is our gene therapy for choroideremia, the Phase 3 trial is about 160 patients and the primary endpoint of the bar, as you point out, is the proportion of patients who have a greater than 15 letter increase from baseline in the best corrected visual acuity. That's the FDA standard. It's a two-arm trial, placebo. And so, we just need to have better improvement in visual acuity in the treated patients versus the non-treated patients. This trial was initiated in December of 2017. We announced our last patient in November of 2019. And so, we do expect to read out in the first quarter of next year. And the Phase 3 trial is on the heels of a Phase 1 trial, which was a single-arm study and it compared the proportion of patients who had an improvement in best corrected visual acuity relative to a natural history study and the drug did show some very encouraging results on that endpoint. So, we're just basically using the same endpoint for Phase III and trying to hit the standard set by the FDA. Thank you. I'd like to hand it over to Michel, just for some closing comments, please.
Michel Vounatsos: Thank you so much, Joe, and thank you for attending. I want to thank Jeff again for his many contributions to our company. At Biogen, it's all about pioneering in neuroscience. So, we are approaching a very exciting phase of our 40 years plus of development. Our pipeline and all the many allocation of capital in that space is maturing. We have very important readouts in the coming 10 months. We have seven Phase III and we are very close to open a new page, if FDA allows, with aducanumab. Thank you all for your attention.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that will conclude todays call. Thank you all for joining and you may now disconnect.

===== 2020 Q1  (2020-04-22 08:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning. My name is Lisa, and Ill be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Biogen First Quarter 2020 Financial Results and Business Update. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers remarks there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. I would now like to turn the conference over to Mr. Joe Mara, Vice President, Investor Relations. You may begin conference.
Joe Mara: Good morning, and welcome to Biogen's first quarter 2020 earnings call. Before we begin, I encourage everyone to go to the Investors section of the biogen.com to find the earnings release and related financial tables, including a reconciliation of the GAAP to non-GAAP financial measures that we will discuss today. Our GAAP financials are provided in Tables 1 and 2, and Table 3 includes a reconciliation of our GAAP to non-GAAP financial results. We believe non-GAAP financial results better represent the ongoing economics of our business and reflect how we manage the business internally. Weve also posted slides on our website that follow the discussions related to this call. I would like to point out that we will be making forward-looking statements, which are based on our current expectations and beliefs. These statements are subject to certain risks and uncertainties and our actual results may differ materially. I encourage you to consult the risk factors discussed in our SEC filings for additional detail. On today's call, I am joined by our Chief Executive Officer, Michel Vounatsos; Dr. Al Sandrock, EVP, Research and Development; and our CFO, Jeff Capello. Now, I will turn the call over to Michel.
Michel Vounatsos: Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us. I want first to acknowledge the challenging situation the global COVID-19 pandemic has created for so many people. Our hearts go out to everyone who has been impacted. We applaud the way our employees and everyone across the entire health care system is breaking down barriers and working together to address this pandemic. And we are committed to doing our part to support communities worldwide. At the same time, we are also committed to learning from the current situation and working to develop innovative new operating models, such as accelerating our digital capabilities which we believe will better position Biogen for the future. During these challenging and unprecedented times, Biogens mission and purpose remain the same. Over half a million patients around the world rely on us today to supply important medicines for serious diseases and there still remains an urgent need to develop innovative therapies for the millions of patients suffering from devastating diseases of the nervous system. Let me now provide you with an update on how we are operating our business throughout the pandemic. First, I would like to recognize the resilience and the adaptability of the Biogen team. Biogen personally felt the painful impact of these global crisis as many of our employees became sick early on and orders have since been affected. We have been fortunate that as of today all of our employees have recovered or are recovering. Most of our affected employees have continued to work and fulfill their duties. We are grateful to the public health authorities for all they have done and we are also thankful for the courage and compassion of the health care workers who have been helping us and continue to support so many. We took a number of actions early on to support our stakeholders and society at large, including, committing $10 million from the Biogen foundation to support global response efforts, launching a consortium with the Broad Institute of MIT Harvard and Partners Healthcare to build and share a biobank and giving Biogen employees who have recovered, as well as their close contacts, the opportunity to donate samples and medical data. Pursuing a process development and manufacturing collaboration with Vir Biotech, which is developing potential antibody therapies for COVID-19, providing medical equipment and supplies to Partners Healthcare in Massachusetts and developing and donating 3D printed personal protective equipment in Massachusetts and North Carolina. Engaging with investigators who may want to evaluate the potential of our interferon therapies or our anti-TNF biosimilars to treat COVID-19, facilitating volunteer efforts by our medically trained employees to serve as health care workers on the frontlines and by other [ph] employees to serve the community, and implementing policies and practices to safeguard our employees and communities, including asking almost all the employees to work from home at this stage. These are our initial commitments and we will continue to look for additional ways to help. At the same time, we have remained intensely focused on operating our business to serve the needs of all our patients and stakeholders. I am proud to see the Biogen team demonstrate agility by quickly defining innovative approaches to both mitigate risks and identify new opportunities across R&D, manufacturing, medical and commercial operations. Let me provide you with an update on several key areas of our business. At this time our supply chain around the world is functioning well. We continue to operate our manufacturing facilities and are working with organization across our supply chain to maintain continuity. And we continue to closely monitor the evolving situation. We are carefully considering recent regulatory guidance on conducting clinical trials during the pandemic and the safety of participants in our clinical programs is our top priority. To help mitigate the impact to our clinical trials, we are pursuing innovative approaches such as remote monitoring, remote patient visits and supporting home infusions. While we expect there may be some impact with timelines for some of our clinical programs, importantly we still expect the vast majority of the 10 remaining readouts we have recently highlighted to occur before the end of 2021. We have continued to have frequent interactions with the regulatory authorities, including for aducanumab. We have adjusted our commercial and medical affairs operations and accelerated our digital engagement with customers. We are working with regulators to enable home infusions for TYSABRI where appropriate. To date, our business and financials have remained strong. We believe that we are in a strong position to remain the leader in neuroscience based on the strength in our core business areas, a healthy balance sheet and financial position and a robust pipeline across several important disease areas. We continue to believe we have multiple opportunities for significant near-term value creation as we aim to be build a multi-franchise portfolio in areas such as Alzheimer, ALS, stroke, ophthalmology and lupus. Now, let me turn to highlights of the first quarter, starting with our financials. First quarter revenues grew 1% to $3.5 billion. First quarter GAAP earnings per share grew 13% to $8.08 and non-GAAP grew 31% to $9.14. Turning to our progress across our strategic priorities. First, we have made good progress towards the regulatory filing in the US for aducanumab. We have continued to have constructive engagement with the US FDA. We now have an open BLA and we have started to submit modules of the filing. We have participated in additional formal interaction using mechanisms such as Type C meetings and we are preparing for a pre-BLA meeting currently scheduled for the summer, following that meeting we expect to complete the filing in Q3. I'd like to thank the FDA and the aducanumab team at Biogen who have adjusted to working under the currency circumstances with COVID-19, in particular as some members of the Biogen team were directly impacted. Outside the US, we have had initial aducanumab discussions with regulators in Europe and Japan, although these interactions are still in the early stages. In March the first patient was dosed in the EMBARK re-dosing study, which aims to provide access to aducanumab for eligible patients previously enrolled in our aducanumab clinical studies. While we collect important data in the study, we do not believe it is required for the filing. From a manufacturing standpoints we currently expect to have adequate supply to meet anticipated demand for aducanumab initially using our facility in RTP, North Carolina which will later be complemented by the large next generation state of the art facility we are building in Solothurn, Switzerland. The construction is complete, and its validation remains on track. We expect it to be operating by the end of this year and to be producing some of the commercial supply of aducanumab in mid-2021. Overall, together with our collaboration partner, Eisai, we remain optimistic about the prospect of bringing aducanumab to market as the first therapy to reduce clinical decline in Alzheimer's disease. And we continue to progress in our market preparation  sorry, and launch readiness with an initial focus on the US. We hope that aducanumab marks the beginning of an era of new potential treatments for Alzheimer's disease. And we aim to build a broad franchise across multiple targets and modalities. This includes BAN2401 which we are collaborating on with Eisai, multiple programs targeting tau, our collaboration with CAMP4 to identify new druggable targets, our acquisition of CK1 from Pfizer as a potential symptomatic therapy and our new collaboration with Sangamo to develop a gene regulation therapies for a range of neurological indication including Alzheimer's disease. Second, Q1 MS revenues, including OCREVUS royalties were $2.3 billion, an increase of 9% versus the prior year. The number of patients on our MS products globally increased to 3% versus the prior year and our business continue to demonstrate resilience. We continue to launch VUMERITY in the US. We have been able to secure unrestricted access for VUMERITY faster than other recent competitive launches. We have also been pleased to see that a large proportion of VUMERITY patients have come from therapies older than TECFIDERA and approximately 30% of VUMERITY patients are nave to treatment. We also make progress with our first ex-US regulatory filing of VUMERITY in Israel and plans to pursue approval in other the major markets worldwide. We were pleased that the claims of our TECFIDERA patent were upheld by the US Patent Office in a positive decision on the IPR challenge. This decision has been appealed and is pending. We expect decision from the Federal District Courts in Delaware and West Virginia and the actions later this year. Third, SPINRAZA generated first quarter global revenues of $565 million, a 9% increase versus the prior year, and a 4% increase versus the prior quarter, including the expanded access program and clinical trials over 10000 patients are being treated with SPINRAZA. This quarter important new data were published showing that clinically meaningful benefits SPINRAZA can deliver for teens and adults with SMA and we initiated a new study to evaluate the potential for even greater efficacy with a higher dose of SPINRAZA. Fourth, first quarter biosimilars revenue were $219 million, which represent 25% growth year-over-year. We estimated that our biosimilars generated approximately 1.8 billion of savings to the European Healthcare Systems in 2019 which we expect will continue to increase in 2020. This is critical as we work to create financial headroom for innovation and continue and contribute to the long-term sustainability of the healthcare system. Fifth, beyond Alzheimer's disease, we continue to develop and expand our pipeline. In particular, this quarter we submitted a regulatory fighting for an intramuscular formulation of PLEGRIDY in the US and in Europe which may be another important option for MS patients. Sixth, our cash flow generation remains strong and continue to provide us with significant optionality and flexibility to allocate capital. In Q1, we generated approximately $1.5 billion in cash flow from operations. We continue to have the financial flexibility and capacity to evaluate potential external business development and M&A opportunities and remain active on the BD front. As we have demonstrated in the past, we are committed to maximizing returns for our shareholders, while continuing to bring innovative therapies to patients, something that demands a thoughtful approach towards all our investment over both the short and the long term. In summary, despite the challenges due to the COVID-19 pandemic, Biogen has continued to execute well on our strategy. I will now turn the call over to Al for a more detailed update on our recent progress in R&D.
Alfred Sandrock, Jr.: Thank you, Michel. And good morning, everyone. Before I begin let me first take a moment to say how proud I am of the way the R&D organization has stepped up in response to the COVID-19 pandemic. I'm inspired by their resilience and their unwavering commitment to our patients. Let me now review the steps we have taken within R&D. In line with recent global regulatory guidance, we have developed a set of principles to guide our clinical trial conduct under these exceptional circumstances. First, the safety of all of our clinical trial participants and our health care providers, as well as the integrity of the data we collect will remain paramount. Second, given the importance of our clinical trials to patients with serious diseases, we aim to continue our ongoing trials, as long as the risks to patient and healthcare provider safety, as well as data integrity can be sufficiently mitigated. Third, we are generally allowing enrollment of new patients, sites and countries into ongoing clinical trials. However this may be stopped on a study by study basis if such enrollment compromises our ability to mitigate risk to patient and health care provider safety and data integrity. Fourth, we may allow for the initiation of new clinical studies on a region by region basis, as long as the risk to safety and data integrity can be sufficiently mitigated. However, we are implementing a limited pause on the initiation of new clinical trials evaluating molecules which suppress the immune system or specifically modulate antiviral responses with a reassessment in the coming months. This includes pausing the initiation of the planned Phase III study of the pegylated anti-CD40 ligand fab in systemic lupus erythematosus in collaboration with UCB. And fifth, we are reviewing informed consent forms from all studies to ensure that potential risks associated with travel to study sites and where applicable product specific risks of viral infection are appropriately highlighted. At the same time, we are continuing to monitor how the current situation may impact our projected timelines for ongoing studies. While the situation remains fluid, we continue to expect the vast majority of the 10 remaining mid to late stage data readouts that we recently highlighted to occur by the end of 2021. However, we do anticipate that a portion of these 10 readouts will be delayed including the Phase III study of BIIB093, or IV glibenclamide for large hemispheric infarction, as this study involves administration of BIIB093 in an acute hospital setting. As we move forward, we will continue to prioritize both patient safety and data integrity. But we are not able to provide further details on the timing of readouts at this stage. As Michel mentioned, we are pursuing a number of initiatives to mitigate further impact to our ongoing clinical studies. These include remote monitoring, remote data verification, supporting patients and staff travel to study sites, launching a direct-to-patient delivery service for our investigational therapies, supporting at home infusions and providing telemedicine options to minimize the number of missed study visits and study withdrawals. Finally, each study in our portfolio will undergo a COVID-19 specific risk assessment to highlight study specific risks to operational or scientific aspects, identify appropriate mitigation strategies and ensure compliance with evolving regulatory guidelines. We recently rolled out remote site monitoring and we are working to implement the remainder of these initiatives as soon as possible. In parallel with these efforts to mitigate risk to our pipeline, we aim to elucidate - help to elucidate the mechanisms underlying COVID-19 pathogenesis and advance the development of potential therapeutic solutions. To this end, this month we announced that we are launching a consortium that will build and share a COVID-19 biobank working with the Broad Institute of MIT and Harvard and Partners HealthCare which includes Massachusetts General Hospital and Birmingham Women's Hospital. This biobank aims to centralize and facilitate study of a large collection of de-identified samples and medical data with the aim of unraveling the biology of COVID-19, linking molecular signatures with clinical presentation and accelerating the search for potential treatments. Many of my Biogen colleagues have been eager to find ways to help during this pandemic and we are proud to be a founding member of this consortium. The biobank will include samples and medical data from volunteer Biogen employees who have recovered from COVID-19, as well as their close contacts. And last month we signed a letter of intent and began collaborating with Vir Biotechnology to accelerate process development and manufacturing of human monoclonal antibodies that may neutralize SARS-CoV-2, the virus responsible for COVID-19. We are proud to leverage our extensive expertise and capabilities in advanced biologics manufacturing to collaborate with Vir and potentially accelerate the development of therapies to combat this epidemic. Finally, given the effect of that type 1 interferon show and the antiviral response in-vitro. we are engaging with investigators who may be interested in evaluating the potential of our beta interferon products in the treatment of COVID-19. In sum, the R&D organization at Biogen has taken significant steps to respond to the unprecedented challenge posed by COVID-19. We aim to continue advancing our innovative neuroscience pipeline, while contributing to the shared understanding of COVID-19 biology and the advancement of potential treatments. Let me now turn to the advances we made across our pipeline in the first quarter, starting with Alzheimer's disease and dementia. As Michel point mentioned, we continue to make progress toward the regulatory filing for aducanumab in the United States. We have begun to submit BLA modules and expect to complete the filing in Q3. At the virtual ADPD meeting earlier this month, we held an encore presentation of the aducanumab Phase III topline results. The data in this presentation were previously presented at the CTAD Annual Congress last December. And last month, we dosed the first patient in the EMBARK re-dosing study. In this study eligible patients previously enrolled in our clinical trials, including patients previously treated with either aducanumab or placebo, will be titrated to 10 milligrams per kilogram aducanumab infusions every four weeks. Beyond aducanumab, we continue to advance a broad Alzheimer's disease portfolio including the Phase III study of BAN2401, BIIB080, a tau-targeted antisense oligonucleotide in Phase I and BIIB076, an anti-tau antibody in Phase I, and gosuranemab, a distinct anti-tau antibody in Phase II. Turning to neuromuscular disorders. Last month an independent observational cohort study evaluating the safety and efficacy of SPINRAZA in 139 teens and adults with SMA was published in Lancet Neurology, representing the largest study of SPINRAZA in teens and adults to date. In contrast to the natural history of SMA, this real-world study found that treatment SPINRAZA was associated with statistically significant increases in total Hammersmith scores compared to baseline at 6, 10 and 14 months of treatment. Of note, a clinically meaningful improvement defined as an increase of at least three points in the Hammersmith scores was observed in 40% of patients at the 14 month assessment. No new safety concerns were identified and no serious adverse events were reported. These data once again underscore the durable efficacy and well-established longer term safety profile of SPINRAZA across a broad range of SMA patients, including adults. Last month we dosed the first patient in DEVOTE, a Phase II/III study evaluating whether higher doses of SPINRAZA can provide even greater efficacy than the currently approved dose. This study was motivated by SPINRAZA as well characterize safety profile, as well as our PKPD data suggesting that individuals with higher CSF concentrations of SPINRAZA achieve greater improvements in CHOP INTEND scores and motor milestones. Also last month, we submitted an IND for BIIB105, an antisense oligonucleotide targeting ataxin-2 for sporadic ALS. The FDA has since reviewed the IND and deemed it to be safe to proceed. We are particularly excited by this program for the 90% of our ALS patients who have sporadic disease. Trinucleotide repeat expansions in the ataxin-2 gene have been associated not only with an increased risk of developing ALS, but also with an increased rate of disease progression in those patients. Importantly, ataxin-2 was originally identified as a modifier of TDP-43 toxicity, a pathology common to more than 90% of the ALS population suggesting that reduction of ataxin-2 could be therapeutic in the sporadic ALS population. Moving to our progress in MS and neuroimmunology. For patients with relapsing forms of MS, PLEGRIDY remains a convenient treatment option with a well-established safety and efficacy profile. However tolerability, including injection site reactions has been the leading cause of discontinuation. At the ACTRIMS meeting held in February, we presented data investigating whether intramuscular administration of PLEGRIDY might reduce injection site reactions compared to subcutaneous dosing, while maintaining bioequivalents. On the primary endpoint there was bio equivalence between the two routes of administration on plasma exposures. We also found that the proportion of patients reporting injection site reactions was reduced by over 50% after intramuscular dosing compared to subcutaneous dosing. We have submitted regulatory filings for an intramuscular formulation of PLEGRIDY in both the United States and the EU. In March, the FDA updated the labels of AVONEX and PLEGRIDY to include data to assist health care providers when considering use during pregnancy. This follows label updates in Europe last year that removed the contraindications for use during pregnancy. These changes to the label are significant given that women are diagnosed with MS at least two to three times more frequently than men and women are often are often affected during their childbearing years. We recently received top line data from Opus, a randomized Phase II study exploring the efficacy, safety and tolerability of natalizumab as an adjunct of therapy in patients with drug resistant focal epilepsy. However, the primary endpoint was not met and thus we have decided to discontinue development of natalizumab in drug resistant focal epilepsy. Last month data from the Phase I/II dose escalation study of BIIB112 are AAV-based gene therapy targeting X-linked retinitis pigmentosa or XLRP, were published in Nature Medicine. Overall, results from this study indicated an acceptable safety profile and dose responsive gains in visual function with 7 of 18 patients experiencing early increases in central retinal sensitivity that were sustained at month 6 of follow up. And in business development, we recently announced a broad collaboration with Sangamo Therapeutics to leverage their proprietary zinc finger protein platform. This technology enables the generation of designer DNA binding proteins that can be easily packaged into an AAV vector and serve as specific potent and tunable regulators of gene expression. Through this collaboration we have also - we also have access to Sangamo's capsid engineering platform, which has the potential to potentially - which has potential to identify novel capsids to allow more efficient and specific delivery of AAV payloads to the central nervous system. We will first focus on programs for Alzheimer's disease, Parkinson's disease and a third neuromuscular disease target with exclusive access to up to 9 additional neurological targets. Overall, we remain undeterred in our mission to develop novel therapies for devastating neurological diseases and I am proud of our team's agility in responding to this pandemic. I am optimistic that we will work through these challenges, mitigate potential impacts to our programs and continue to progress our pipeline. I will now pass the call to Jeff.
Jeffrey Capello: Thanks, Al. Good morning, everyone. Prior to starting my comments on the financial performance, I want to highlight that we believe the fundamentals of our business are strong and we are well-positioned. Our products are important therapies for patients living with serious diseases. We have strong operating process, enabling us to operate effectively through these challenging times. We also pride ourselves in our ability to execute well commercially. In addition, we are well capitalized financially. These are however unprecedented times that will have an impact on our business. I will now review our financial performance, highlighting the various factors to give you a sense of our performance and then wrap up with commentary on our outlook. I'll start with our revenues. Total revenues for the first quarter grew 1% year-over-year to approximately $3.5 billion. It's important to note that we believe Q1 benefited from approximately $100 million attributed to accelerated sales due to COVID-19 pandemic, primarily in Europe. As a reminder, Q1 2019 included a benefit of approximately $200 million in other revenues due to the sale of hemophilia inventory to Bioverativ. Overall, we executed well in our MS business, delivering revenues of approximately $2.3 billion in the first quarter of this year, including OCREVUS royalties of approximately $162 million, growing 9% versus prior year. Global MS revenues in Q1 2020 increased 7% versus the prior year without OCREVUS royalties. US MS revenues excluding OCREVUS increased 4% or $58 million versus the prior year. US MS revenues in Q1 2020 were impacted by a decrease from channel inventory of approximately $115 million compared to a decrease of approximately $170 million in Q1 2019. We estimate that we had $54 million in additional sales due to a greater number of shipping days in the quarter. Roughly half of which impacted the inventory quarterly change. In addition, we believe we benefited from a net $15 million sales impact due to COVID-19 primarily impacting TECFIDERA. Outside the US, our MS revenues grew 11% or $77 million on higher volumes, with minimal price impact and an estimated COVID-19 beneficial impact of $59 million, primarily split between TECFIDERA and interferon. Global first quarter Fumarate revenues, including TECFIDERA and VUMERITY increased 10% versus the prior year, driven by revenue growth both in the US and outside the US. In the US, Fumarate revenue grew at 8% or $60 million versus prior year. US Fumarate revenues were impacted by a decrease in channel inventory of approximately $85 million in the first quarter of 2020 compared to a decrease of approximately $110 million in Q1 2019. Versus the prior year, we saw favorable demand for TECFIDERA which we believe is primarily due to the extra shipping days and COVID-19 impact with roughly stable underlying performance without those impacts. After an initial channel load in Q4, VUMERITY had sales of $2 million in the US in the first quarter of 2020. And we were making good progress securing access and reimbursement. Within the US we were pleased to see strong execution with continued stability in our share of total prescriptions for the fumarates versus the prior quarter, in light of increased competition. It's important to note that the vast majority of TECFIDERA and VUMERITY prescriptions in the US are delivered via mail order and as a result we do not expect a significant impact to TECFIDERA due to COVID-19. Outside the US, TECFIDERA again performed very well with Q1 2020 revenues growing 15% or $42 million, including an estimated benefit of approximate $28 million due to inventory dynamics related to COVID-19. Importantly, the number of TECFIDERA patients outside US grew by approximately 13% versus the prior year, driven by positive patient growth in the large European markets and approximately 40% patient growth in Latin American, Asia-Pacific combined. In total, we were pleased to see strong global patient growth for TECFIDERA of approximately 8% year-over-year. Q1 global interferon revenues, including both AVONEX and PLEGRIDY decreased 7% versus Q1 2019 due to continued shift from the injectable platforms to oral or higher efficacy therapies. In the US, interferon revenues decreased 11% or $35 million versus the prior year. Within the US AVONEX and PLEGRIDY were impacted by the continued transition to oral and high efficacy therapies and by decreasing channel inventory of approximately $35 million [ph] compared to a decrease of approximately $50 million in Q1 2019, partially impacted by the extra shipping days. Similar to TECFIDERA the vast majority of interferon prescriptions in the US are delivered via mail order. Outside the US, interferon revenues were stable versus the prior year with an estimated benefit of approximate $21 million due to increased channel inventory related to COVID-19. Given their safety profile and potential antiviral properties, we are seeing an increased interest in our interferon products, which may present an opportunity for less erosion in this franchise going forward. This is a dynamic that we'll watch carefully as time progresses. TYSABRI worldwide revenues increased 13% or $62 million versus the prior - versus the first quarter of 2019. In the US TYSABRI revenues increased 13% versus the prior year or $33 million. US TYSABRI revenues were impacted by an increase in channel inventory of approximately $5 million compared to a decrease of approximately $10 million in Q1 20 19. Within the US, we were pleased to see roughly stable adjusted volumes and share of new prescriptions, as well as an increased share of total prescriptions for TYSABRI versus the prior quarter. Outside the US, TYSABRI revenues increased 14% or $29 million versus the prior year, with an estimated benefit of approximately $7 million due to increased channel inventory related to COVID-19. Q1 2020 TYSABRI revenues benefited by approximate $20 million due to pricing adjustment in Italy related to prior periods. Outside the US, we are pleased to see continued patient growth of 4% for TYSABRI versus the prior year. Given that TYSABRI is administered in the physician's office or hospital setting, we do expect an impact from COVID-19 on TYSABRI sales. As we attempt to mitigate this risk, we are working to enable TYSABRI home infusions within the US where appropriate. Overall, we were pleased with the execution of our MS franchise and the continued strong performance of our MS business in the first quarter. While there is some uncertainty in our MS trajectory given COVID-19, particularly for TYSABRI, there are also opportunities and we remain encouraged by the resilience of our market leading franchise. Let me now move on to SPINRAZA - excuse me. Global first quarter SPINRAZA revenues increased to 9% for the prior year to $565 million. In the US, revenues increased 5% versus Q1 2019 and decreased 3% versus Q4 2019. The number of patients on therapy in the US increased 1% as compared to the end of the fourth quarter of 2019, driven primarily by growth in the number of adults. We believe US SPINRAZA revenues benefited by approximately $6 million due to COVID-19. In addition, leading indicators suggest that we may be seeing a decrease in new patient starts, particularly among adults, as well as a decrease in compliance, both related to COVID-19. We are aware that some physicians and hospitals are delaying SPINRAZA dosesm as they make difficult prioritization decisions, while confronting COVID-19. Although we continue to work to ensure patients receive this critical treatment and I've seen more centers come back online. Outside the US, SPINRAZA revenues increased 12% versus Q1 2019 and 10% versus Q4 2019, driven primarily by increased penetration across all major geographies. With an estimated benefit of approximately $5 million due to increased channel inventory related to COVID-19. Outside the US, we have also seen a moderate impact on demand for SPINRAZA due to COVID-19, which we expect may continue. As a reminder, the first quarter of last year benefited from a positive pricing adjustment of $14 million in France, negatively impacting the year-over-year comparison. In total outside the US, the number of commercial SPINRAZA patients increased approximate 10% versus the prior quarter. Broad growth occurred again across all major regions with an increased number of countries contributing, as we continue this very successful product launch. Overall, we were pleased with SPINRAZAs performance in the first quarter. While we recognize there is some uncertainty in its trajectory given COVID-19 pandemic, we still believe there are continued opportunities for growth, given the significant number of untreated patients, including in many established and emerging markets. Let me now move on to our biosimilars business, which generated $219 million in this quarter, growing 25% versus the prior year or $44 million. We estimate that there are now approximately 215,000 patients using our biosimilars in Europe. BENEPALI remains the number one prescribed Enbrel biosimilar across the major EU five markets. FLIXABI volume grew 90% versus the prior year, and IMRALDI volumes grew 28% versus fourth quarter. Despite our biosimilars business benefiting by approximately $15 million due to COVID-19 with the quarter, this business again performed well and has the opportunity to continue to grow both in Europe, as well as potentially within the US and other geographies with our additional assets. Total anti-CD20 revenues in Q1 increased 1% versus the prior year with increased OCREVUS royalties offsetting decreased revenues from RITUXAN due to recent introduction of biosimilar. Total other revenues in the first quarter decreased 63% versus the r year, due primarily to the prior period sale of approximately $200 million of hemophilia inventory to Bioverativ in the first quarter of 2019. Let me now turn to gross margins. Q1 2020 gross margin was 87%, an improvement versus the 83% in the prior year, due to lower contract manufacturing revenue and was relatively stable versus the prior quarter. Q1 GAAP and non-GAAP R&D expense were both 13% of revenue. As a reminder, R&D expense in the first quarter of 2019 included approximate $39 million related to our agreement with Skyhawk, and approximately $45 million in net closeout costs for the Phase III studies of aducanumab. R&D expense in Q1 2020 was lower in part to the timing of milestones which are difficult to predict. Note, in the second quarter of 2020 we expect to record a GAAP and non-GAAP R&D expense of $125 million for the license fee related to our collaboration with Sangamo. Q1 GAAP and non-GAAP SG&A were both 16% of revenue. We still expect SG&A to increase throughout the year, as we ramp up our commercial preparations for aducanumab. Q1 GAAP other expense was $120 million, which included $61 million in unrealized losses on investments, primarily driven by decrease in the fair value of our equity investment in Ionis. Q1 non-GAAP other expense was $60 million. In Q1 of this year, our GAAP and non-GAAP tax rates were both approximate 17%. In the first quarter 2019 our GAAP FX tax rate included a one time charge related to the planned divestiture of our Hillerd. Denmark manufacturing operations, as well as higher unrealized gains. We repurchased approximately 7.3 million shares in the first quarter at an average price of $303 for a total value of approximately $2.2 billion. The share repurchase program authorized in March 2019 has now been completed and as of the end of the first quarter approximately $4.1 billion was remaining under the share repurchase program authorized in December. That now brings us to our diluted earnings per share. In the first quarter we booked GAAP EPS of $8.08, an increase of 13% versus the prior year and non-GAAP earnings of $9.14 per share, a 31% increase versus the prior year. We generated approximately $1.5 billion in net cash flows from operations in Q1. We ended the quarter with approximately $4.8 million in cash, marketable securities and $6 billion in debt. As we think about the balance of the year, we acknowledge that these are unprecedented times and there's significant uncertainty. Let me now outline what we do know. We again performed well operationally in the first quarter and saw some benefit from accelerated sales that occurred relative to COVID-19. We expect some volatility in revenues between the quarters. We have seen some disruption start to materialize, particularly for TYSABRI and SPINRAZA due to physician administration and facility capacity, as we have seen some delays in dosing. We believe our therapies are essential for patients and we are actively working to help patients maintain their dosing schedules. We are also mindful of the potential macro risks from the economic environment and the impact on the health care systems, including a potential impact on payer mix. At the same time, as demonstrated in the past, we remain focused on strong commercial execution, which we believe may in part help mitigate these risks. We also may benefit from a potential decrease in competitive pressures across several business areas and potentially renewed interest in our interferon therapies. As a reminder, we have a policy to update our guidance once a year and in July and we should hopefully know more by then. Let me now turn the call back over to Michel for his closing comments.
Michel Vounatsos: Thank you, Jeff. I am incredibly proud of how the Biogen team has responded to the current situation. Our employees all around the world have demonstrated their resilience and dedication to advancing our mission, as well as their compassion and empathy in wanting to be part of the solution to this terrible disease. Our business has remained strong. We delivered solid financial results in the first quarter and we have demonstrated a GDP in adapting many aspects of our operations, including the conduct of most of our clinical trials. While do we do anticipate some risks to our business as a result of the pandemic, we believe our opportunities for value creation remains compelling, given the significant unmet medical need in the diseases we are pursuing. With a strong core business in MS, SMA and biosimilars, we believe we have the foundation to continue building a multi-franchise portfolio. We believe the vast majority of our 10 data readouts remains on track to complete before the end of 2021. Importantly, we have made good progress on the aducanumab filing and we are actively preparing for potential commercial launch, as we are getting ready to lead the fight in Alzheimer's disease. Finally, I want to reiterate our commitment to maximizing returns to our shareholders and bringing innovative therapies to patients over the long term. These demands that we continue to allocate capital efficiently, effectively and appropriately, as we have demonstrated in the past we will always strive to have an optimal capital structure, as well as aim for superior returns from the investments we make. Our response to this current situation exemplifies our broader purpose as an organization as we aim to pioneer science for the betterment of humanity. This includes doing the right thing for patients, employees, the environment and the community, all of which we believe contribute to long-term sustainable shareholder value. I am proud of what Biogen stands for and I believe this approach positions us well to be a sustainable organization over the long run, as we remain focused on being the leader in neuroscience to address the tremendous societal needs in this space. Now more than ever, I would like to thank our employees around the world who are dedicated to making the positive impact on patients' life and all of the health care workers who are on the frontlines battling COVID-19. I have been truly impressed how the entire health care community has stood up in the space of this quarantine [ph] times. With that, we will open the call for questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from the line of Marc Goodman from SVB Leerink. Your line is open.
Marc Goodman: Yes, good morning. On the ADU filing, it just seems like there's been a change in the language a little bit with regards to the filing. I guess, everybody was kind of assuming that you had filed or were about to file and now it just seems like there was a delay. Can you give us a little more color on what's going on behind the scenes? Is it - is it COVID related? Is it a change in the language of what you're hearing from FDA? And then just secondarily, can you just give us a little more color on what you're talking about with the interactions in Europe and Japan as well? Thank you.
Michel Vounatsos: So thank you for the question that is the focus of the attentions of everyone and a priority within the organization. Again, we are on track and we are receiving input from the FDA and we are engaging very well. I would say, there are two main reasons. While it's taking a little bit more time and at the company we are prioritizing the quality of the submission versus the timing. We don't want to rush and then face challenges. So the quality is important and we have to keep in mind that there is an unprecedented dataset, plus COVID, okay? The database - database lock was in November and is very complex with more than 3000 - 3200 patients, multiple biomarkers and multiple endpoints. And if you couple that with we could be a one [ph] it makes a complex and unprecedented dataset. So I just want to put that upfront before Al build on that. Al?
Alfred Sandrock, Jr.: Yeah. So can you hear me? So I just want to  I have to say that it's  look, timing is not easy to predict. We were trying to do that since the initial announcement in October and this is an unusual process. But I want to emphasize that we now have an open BLA. We've started to submit modules. We have continued constructive engagement with FDA and we believe we're on track in terms of the potential for approval. There's - I wouldn't read too much else into this. And in terms of your second part of your question, which I believe was Japan and Europe, we have started engagement. It's still kind of early relative to the process with FDA, but we have started.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Terence Flynn from Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Terence Flynn: Hi. Thanks for taking the question. Maybe just a follow up there, I was just wondering if you can tell us if the FDA has asked for any additional analysis of aducanumab data. And then Michel and Al, I would just be curious if your level of confidence in the dataset is the same now as when it was when you announced your intention to file for approval last year? Thank you.
Michel Vounatsos: So level of confidence remains the same. Al, will take the rest of the question.
Alfred Sandrock, Jr.: Yeah. I would say that we are constantly doing analysis, but nothing really has changed in terms of - nothing has come up in the data that changes our interpretation of the data. Our view of the fundamentals hasn't changed. And I emphasize that we remain constructively engaged. These additional type C meetings are really to further engage with FDA. As we have been since the very beginning actually, starting last June when we had our first type C meeting.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Umer Raffat from Evercore ISI. Your line is open.
Umer Raffat: Hi. Thanks so much for taking my question Michel, a quick one for you and one for Al. Michel, you keep mentioning the word good progress on describing aducanumab, even though it seems like you now probably need a pre-BLA meeting which didn't sound like was the case previously. So can you elaborate on that. And Al, it seems like I'm just reading the [indiscernible] what you just said and it seems like you're having to run additional analyses, and that those might be the reason why additional meetings are happening with FDA. And I guess my question is has FDA previously shared feedback with you on the way you guys did imputations for non-completers because you might recall, the reason EMERGE [ph] hit on the high dose was because the effect size in the completers was assumed to be the same as non- completers and also the whole question around whether FDA would want you to pull the data, has FDA shared feedback? We're not asking what the feedback is, but has FDA shared the feedback with you on that?
Michel Vounatsos: So Umer, last time we had the opportunity to dialogue. We didn't have an open BLA. We didn't have to file to the FDA. So there is good progress. We had traditional type C meetings and you have to read here high interest from the FDA. So this is what we continue to qualify as being positive progress. Al?
Alfred Sandrock, Jr.: Umer, I would just say that we had always planned to have a pre-BLA meeting with FDA. That hasn't changed. That was always in the planning. And look, some members of the team did get COVID and I can tell you it's hard to work when you have COVID. The fatigue, mental or physical fatigue was such that there were some people who were affected by the disease. So I think that - that's part of it, but I would say that most of it is that - I would say the main point is that nothing has come up with the data that has changed our interpretation. We believe EMERGE is a positive study. It was positive on the pre-specified primary and all three secondary endpoints. You know, I mean, we have done an analysis on ENGAGE to try to figure out why that result was different. But we believe that the fundamentals are the same and that the potential for approval remains the same as Michel said from the very beginning.
Michel Vounatsos: And if something would have change, well communicate so.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Ronny Gal from Bernstein. Your line is open.
Ronny Gal: Hi. Unfortunately, we probably have to  thank you for taking the question. Well stay with the aducanumab theme. I guess the question is twofold. First one, have there been new questions that were raised by the data. I mean we all are familiar with some of the issues you've raised before and how you address them. But essentially as you kind of look on this and as the FDA now has an open BNA [ph] opportunity might have access to the data. Have new questions that have not been raised before raised by this? And second, should we expect you to present any more data from aducanumab during this year and any new analysis that you expect to present before we actually get to see the FDA review?
Alfred Sandrock, Jr.: Ronny, this is Al. There really are no new questions today. You know, as I said earlier that the data you know, we haven't come up with nothing that really changes our interpretation of the data. And so I would say that fundamentally there are no big changes and no new questions. And I would also say that we're not planning on presenting anything more publicly at this time, until - hopefully until approval. But that's our plan.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Phil Nadeau from Cowen and Company. Your line is open.
Phil Nadeau: Morning. Thanks for taking my question. Again, sticking with the aducanumab theme, I guess a two part question. One is, just going back again to what has changed in the Q4 call. It sounded like you had said at that time all that need to happen was some submission of documents and there was no mention of additional type C meetings approved BLA meetings. So I guess, where we all mistaken that you still need to have those meetings and that was always part of the plan or did something come up again kind of asking the same question that prompted the need for those meetings? And then second, I think we were all trying to debate here as is the FDA is interested in aducanumab. I know you said that there's a high level of interest, but could you maybe give us some better sense of the FDAs current appreciation for the data and whether you can determine if there's controversy within the FDA about the quality of the results? Thanks.
Michel Vounatsos: Al?
Alfred Sandrock, Jr.: Phil, this is Al, I just want to say that this is an unusual process. You know, this is unlike anything I've ever been involved with before my 22 years at Biogen. So - and the nature of this process has been collaboration from the very beginning from the type first type C meeting. So it's been a highly collaborative process, I would say and then you know yes, submission of documents is easier to say. But the BLA is pretty complex. There are multiple sections, multiple modules and so I know it sounds easy to pull together submission. But let me tell you it's not. And I think that - and it's been difficult to predict the timing partly because it's been an unusual process right from the beginning and we've always, you know, quite frankly we've been having type C meetings since last June and that hasn't changed actually that the fact that we're doing type C meetings has been the same since the very beginning. So those are the main points.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Michael Yee from Jefferies. Your line is open.
Michael Yee: Thanks for the question. And if it hasn't been said before, hope you guys are very safe, you know, we all know how hard it's been hit and everyone in the financial community appreciates it. I guess my question is for Al, you mentioned in the pre-BLA meeting, I know this is coming up. Can you just maybe talk about what type of topics or key questions would be addressed there? And is it safe to say that additional subgroup analyses like positive versus negative and geographical differences, those type of analyses have been done and are all part of this package? Thanks so much.
Alfred Sandrock, Jr.: Well, I would say that geographic issues, subgroup analyses, thats standard practice for every single BLA I've ever been involved in. In fact, there are sections of the model [ph] that call for looking at data from the various geographies. So that's not - that's not different from any other BLA I've ever been involved in. At a typical pre-BLA meeting you go through - it's more like an operational meeting, you have various sections of the FDA that  theyre going to be involved in the review of the BLA. You sit down and you talk about how it's going to be submitted. What's going to be submitted exactly, and there's some agreement on the operational aspects of the actual submission. That's the typical pre-BLA meeting.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Jay Olson from Oppenheimer. Your line is open.
Jay Olson: All right. Thanks for taking my question. It's great to hear you all well and I want to commend you for the work that you're doing to fight COVID-19. I had a question maybe a little longer term question about aducanumab. And as you begin to contemplate home infusion of TYSABRI, does that set the stage for potential delivery of aducanumab by home infusions and will that be done by Biogen employees or are you going to engage a third party to do that? Thank you.
Alfred Sandrock, Jr.: Well, home infusion - the home infusion of intravenous drugs has been in place for decades. I used to prescribe some drugs by home infusion myself back when I practiced and so it's not uncommon, whether or not it will be done with aducanumab, we haven't disclosed yet, but it would not be something that would be difficult to imagine. It's a - it's a very well the infusions themselves are very well tolerated. So it would not be difficult to imagine that after approval.
Michel Vounatsos: Having said that, I think that launching a product in the post-COVID environment would be very interesting to assess, beyond I would say the normality of what we are preparing on many aspects, the ability to meet beyond digital channels face to face, how to engage, but also infusion and much more. And this we are getting ready. There are two dynamic going on, one is managing the lifecycle of well-established product. This is what we are doing, we are doing very well and launching a new product in a COVID environment is a challenge, in a post-COVID its still yet to be assessed.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Evan Seigerman from Credit Suisse. Your line is open.
Evan Seigerman: Hi, all. Thank you for taking the question. I'm actually not going ask on aducanumab. I want to ask one, so yesterday there was an appellate court ruling on the 001 patent for TECFIDERA highlighting a potential launch of the banner monomethyl fumarate. Kind of how should we interpret this ruling? And if you were to lose one or both of the upcoming district court cases on TECFIDERA, how would you act to protect the franchise?
Jeffrey Capello: So Evan, this is Jeff. So you know the banner product is not a directly substitutable A/B product. So I think that's the first thing that's important to understand. So if and when it gets launched we don't think there'll be a significant impact at this point in time. And then with regard to the two court cases, obviously we were very pleased to get the favorable ruling from the IPR ruling and I think that's the third time that patent is stood up. So we think we've got a pretty strong patent position. However if we're unsuccessful with either the two district court cases, we've got VUMERITY as a product that we can kind of look at, is a fumarate strategy that we're looking at. We've got growth opportunities around the world in pretty strong results outside the U.S. We think SME has got good growth potential, BBU and then of course you've got the aducanumab potential as well. So you know, I think weve got a pretty strong franchise will grow around it.
Evan Seigerman: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Cory Kasimov from JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Cory Kasimov: Hey. Good morning, guys. Thank you for taking the question. I guess, going back to aducanumab, I wanted to better understand what it means to submit modules for your BLA before having that pre-BLA meeting, was this - I guess was this always a rolling BLA submission, was that the intent all along just trying to understand the meaning and having this pre-BLA meeting we didn't think this was going to be necessary as of the last call? Thanks a lot.
Alfred Sandrock, Jr.: Yeah. So Corey, this is Al. I - the common technical document is composed of various modules and there for example quality modules related to manufacturing process. There are non-clinical sections and then there's the clinical sections which culminates in a clinical overview which is - so there are summary documents of the actual study reports of individual clinical studies. And so those are the three main sections. And as you can imagine the non-clinical was you know, it was already kind of ready because not much has been done since - non-clinically since the early days. It still had to put together the actual documentation and so forth. So those are the - those are the sections of the common technical document. They're all submitted electronically and so - and look we had starting in around October or so we did start to contemplate submitting modules as they became available. That was our plan. But at pre-BLA meeting is still pretty common practice, as I said to get both sides Biogen and FDA to be agreed to have agreement on the operational aspects of the of the CPD. So I would not read very much into that as I said, we had planned to have that meeting from the very beginning.
Joe Mara: We probably have time for about two more questions.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Matthew Harrison from Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
Matthew Harrison: Good morning. Thanks for taking the question. Sorry to stay on aducanumab, but I'm really struggling with the commentary that you're giving this morning. So I was hoping maybe you could just talk about one specific thing. I mean I think your prior guidance was that you would have a filing in early 2020 and today you're talking about a 3Q filing which seems like a significant delay to me, yet your characterization seems like nothing has changed and you know sort of all of your expectations are in line. So it seems like there's a significant disconnect with the timeline versus your commentary and I'm just hoping you can maybe take a moment to explain to us what has happened. Thanks.
Alfred Sandrock, Jr.: So our goal right from the very beginning was to try to provide estimates of timing of this filing since actually the announcement in October. But the timing is always not easy to predict. And in fact, as I said before this is an unusual process, so it's even harder to predict timing when you have a process that actually is pretty unusual and in my experience unique. I would just say that the constructive engagement though has been there since the very beginning that continues. These type C meetings are formal ways to have engagement with FDA, pre-BLA meeting is another formal meeting with FDA to continue on the path to approval. We have an open BLA and yes there's is a - we said early 2020, so now it's Q3, we did have some impact from COVID, but I would say that overall what we're saying is that the potential for approval we're still on track with that.
Operator: And our next and final question for the day will come from the line of Carter Gould from Barclays. Your line is open.
Carter Gould: Good morning, guys. Thanks for taking the question and squeezing me in. I guess maybe different spin on the aducanumab question. Obviously we got Gantenerumab data, a DIAN-TU data in the quarter. Al, can you maybe provide your perspective on the appropriateness of reading through from the lack of cognitive benefit in that study to aducanumab and if these data have in any way kind of changed the conversations with FDA? Thank you.
Alfred Sandrock, Jr.: Thanks, Carter. First of all, I want to congratulate Randy Bateman and all the investigators in DIAN-TU. I think it's a beautiful study. It's very hard to do because although they are - it's a homogeneous population in terms of they all have autosomal dominant Alzheimer's disease from the genetic and biological point of view, it's pretty heterogeneous in terms of clinical, they could be two decades, one decade, a few years prior to becoming symptomatic. So how do you pull data from that heterogeneous clinical collection? Also it's a relatively small study, 50 patients per arm I believe roughly. So the DIAN-TUlooked at both Solanezumab and Gantenerumab. Solanezumab had no change in amyloid PET based on imaging. And there was no effect. So that's not too surprising. Gantenerumab did have an effect on amyloid PET. However, I want to compare the magnitude of the effect between Gantenerumab and aducanumab. And the only way to do that really is to use the centiloid scale. The whole point of the centiloid was developed so that you can compare cross studies because people use PET ligands, people have different reference regions that they use to obtain the SUVR score. In the PRIME study, 10 milligrams per kilogram of aducanumab was associated with a change in the centiloid scale of about 57 in one year, in the DIAN-TU study, Gantenerumab was associated with a change from baseline of about 14 centiloid units over four years. So I think that's pretty different. And we were trying to make at the CTAD meeting is that dose matters and that the robustness of amyloid removal matters and we saw that in the data and I think we presented that. So in some ways I looked down at the DIAN-TU data and I think it kind of confirms what we have been saying that you have to have high doses and robust removal of amyloid in order to see a clinical benefit.
Joe Mara: Ill turn it over to Michel for some closing comments. Thanks, everybody.
Michel Vounatsos: So thank you all for attending the call. I would like to say that even if personally affected by this terrible pandemic, Biogen is demonstrating superb resilience. Biogen is even stronger today and we are well-positioned for the future starting with aducanumab, but also looking forward to all the important readouts in the coming period.
Joe Mara: Thank you, everybody.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating. This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2019 Q4  (2020-01-30 08:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning. My name is Carmen, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Biogen Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2019 Financial Results and Business Update. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. I would now like to turn the conference over to Mr. Joe Mara, Vice President, Investor Relations. You may begin.
Joe Mara: Good morning, and welcome to Biogen's fourth quarter 2019 earnings call. Before we begin, I encourage everyone to go to the Investors section of the biogen.com to find the earnings release and related financial tables, including a reconciliation of the GAAP to non-GAAP financial measures that we will discuss today. Our GAAP financials are provided in Tables 1 and 2, and Table 3 includes a reconciliation of our GAAP to non-GAAP financial results. We believe non-GAAP financial results better represent the ongoing economics of our business and reflect how we manage the business internally. We have also posted our slides on our website that follow the discussions related to this call. I would like to point out that we will be making forward-looking statements, which are based on our current expectations and beliefs. These statements are subject to certain risks and uncertainties and our actual results may differ materially. I encourage you to consult the risk factors discussed in our SEC filings for additional detail. On today's call, I am joined by our Chief Executive Officer, Michel Vounatsos; Dr. Al Sandrock, EVP, Research and Development; and our CFO, Jeff Capello. Now, I will turn the call over to Michel.
Michel Vounatsos: Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us. First, let me start with some financial highlights. Biogen closed 2019 with quarterly revenues of $3.7 billion, an increase of 4% compared to the same period a year ago. For the full year 2019, Biogen generated $14.4 billion in revenues, representing growth of 7% year-over-year. Full year 2019 GAAP earnings were $31.42 a share, a 46% increase versus full year 2018. Full year 2019 non-GAAP earnings were $33.57 a share, a 28% increase versus full year 2018. We are pleased with the strong year-over-year growth, as we continue to execute on our strategy for long-term leadership in neuroscience. Now, let me review the year. First, full year MS revenue, including OCREVUS royalties, were $9.2 billion, an increase of 2% versus the prior year. The number of patients on our MS products globally increased 3% versus the prior year, driven by strong patients growth in emerging markets, as well as all of the large mature European markets, and our business demonstrated resilience in the US. Our team has executed well, demonstrating our ability to compete in an increasingly crowded market. We launched VUMERITY in the US as an important new oral treatment option. It remains early in the launch, but so far, we are pleased with the level of interest from patients and physicians. Second, SPINRAZA generated full year global revenues of $2.1 billion, a 22% increase versus the prior year. This blockbuster performance was driven by strong year-over-year revenue growth in the US and even greater revenue growth outside the US. Including the expanded access program and clinical trials, over 10,000 patients are now being treated with SPINRAZA. Third, full year biosimilars revenue was $738 million, which represents 35% growth year-over-year, driven primarily by IMRALDI. We estimate that our biosimilars generated approximately EUR1.8 billion of savings to the European healthcare systems in 2019, which we expect will continue to increase in 2020. This is critical as we work to create financial headroom for innovation and contribute to the long-term sustainability of the healthcare system. We also bolstered our biosimilars business this quarter with a new transaction with Samsung Bioepis. This provides us access to two new potential biosimilars in ophthalmology with a significant market opportunity in major markets worldwide, including, for the first time, in the US, as well as commercialization rights to our anti-TNFs biosimilars in China. Fourth, this was an historic year for R&D organization. We are inspired by what the positive implications of the aducanumab data may mean for patients, physicians and the broader scientific community, who have been waiting decades for a therapy that can reduce the clinical decline of Alzheimer's disease. We are actively engaging with the FDA as well as regulators in Europe and Japan, and we look forward to completing a regulatory filing in the US as soon as possible. In addition, there has been important progress related to the re-dosing study, as we have successfully submitted the protocol to the FDA, and we are currently working with the sites and ethics committees towards study initiation. Fifth, beyond aducanumab, we continue to expand and progress our pipeline with approval for VUMERITY in the US, a positive data readout for BIIB059 in lupus, and adding seven new clinical program in MS, ALS, Parkinson's disease, ophthalmology and brain contusion. 2019 was one of our most productive years in R&D, and we believe we have multiple opportunities for near-term value creation, as we prepare for multiple potential launches in the early 2020. Sixth, our cash flow generation remains strong and continue to provide us with significant optionality and flexibility to allocate capital. In 2019, we generated approximately $7.1 billion in cash flow from operations, an increase of approximately 14% versus the prior year. Throughout the year, we repurchased approximately 24 million shares for a total value of approximately $5.9 billion. As we have stated previously, we view share repurchase as an important element of thoughtful and value-creating capital allocation. At the same time, we have the financial flexibility and capacity to continue to evaluate potential external business development and M&A opportunities. Over the past three [ph] years, we have executed 15 business development transactions, which have contributed to the significant expansion of our pipeline. We executed four deals over the past three months alone, including our proposed transaction with Pfizer for a potential symptomatic therapy with potential application in both Alzheimer's disease and Parkinson's disease. As we have demonstrated in the past, we are committed to maximizing returns to our shareholders, while continuing to bring innovative therapies to patients, something that demands a thoughtful approach towards all our investment over both the short and the long term. In summary, 2019 was a very productive and successful year for Biogen as we executed on our strategy and continued to deliver noticeable progress. Our core MS business continued to demonstrate resilience with growth in both patients and revenues, and we are excited to be launching VUMERITY. SPINRAZA continued to grow in the US and even more so outside of the US, as we continue to expand into new geographies. With over 10,000 patients on therapy and the largest body of clinical data in SMA, SPINRAZA remains a foundation of care in SMA. We grew our biosimilars business, and we expanded our portfolio and geographic presence. We are preparing to lead in the fight against Alzheimer's disease as we plan for a US filing for aducanumab. Beyond aducanumab, we expanded and progressed our pipeline with seven new clinical programs and a positive data readout in lupus. And we generated ample cash flow as we focus on strategically allocating capital to maximize shareholder return over the long term. I will now turn the call over to Al for a more detailed update on our recent progress in R&D.
Alfred Sandrock, Jr.: Thank you, Michel, and good morning, everyone. Before I begin, I would like to welcome back Dr. Maha Radhakrishnan as the new Chief Medical Officer at Biogen. Maha brings more than 16 years of experience across multiple geographies in a broad range of therapeutic areas. She previously worked with us here at Biogen as Vice President, Europe and Canada Medical, and Vice President, US Medical, and subsequently held senior positions in medical affairs at Bioverativ and Sanofi. Maha's extensive background will be crucial as we prepare for future pipeline launches, including the potential launch of aducanumab. As Michel discussed, 2019 was a historic year for Biogen. In addition to announcing positive results on aducanumab, we made significant progress on building a multi-franchise portfolio by receiving approval for VUMERITY, adding seven clinical programs and advancing two programs to Phase III. Reflecting our modality-agnostic approach, our neuroscience pipeline now includes small molecules, antibodies, other advanced biologics, antisense oligonucleotides and gene therapy. Let me now turn to the advances we made in the fourth quarter, starting with Alzheimer's disease and dementia. At the Clinical Trials on Alzheimer's Disease, or CTAD, annual meeting held last month in San Diego, we presented top line results from the Phase III studies of aducanumab in early Alzheimer's disease. Final analysis of these data showed that EMERGE was a positive study with a high dose regimen of aducanumab achieving statistical significance on both the pre-specified primary endpoint of CDR Sum of Boxes, as well as on all three pre-specified secondary endpoints. On the other hand, data from the ENGAGE study did not meet the primary endpoint, although we do believe that data from patients who achieved sufficient exposure to high dose aducanumab in ENGAGE support the findings of EMERGE. Please note that we do not expect to present additional data on aducanumab prior to a regulatory decision by the FDA. As Michel said, with the support of the FDA, we are working to initiate the open-label Aducanumab re-dosing study as soon as possible. We have successfully submitted the protocol to the FDA, and we are currently working with the sites and ethics committees towards study initiation. In this study, eligible patients previously enrolled in our clinical studies, including patients previously treated with either aducanumab or placebo, will be titrated to 10 milligrams per kilogram aducanumab infusions every four weeks. In addition to aducanumab, we continue to advance a broad Alzheimer's disease portfolio, including the Phase III study of BAN2401; BIIB080, a tau-targeted antisense oligonucleotide in Phase I; BIIB076, an anti-tau antibody in Phase I; and gosuranemab, a distinct anti-tau antibody in Phase II for which we expect data next year. As we continue to develop our Alzheimer's portfolio, we aim to expand into even earlier patient populations to potentially prevent the clinical onset of the disease. To that end, our collaboration partner Eisai, along with the Alzheimer's Clinical Trials Consortium, plans to initiate the AHEAD 345 [ph]. AHEAD 345 is comprised of two studies termed A3 and A45. The A3 study will evaluate low-dose BAN2401 versus placebo in cognitively normal individuals who are currently below the threshold for amyloid positivity but are at high risk for further amyloid accumulation. The A45 study will evaluate high-dose BAN2401 versus placebo in individuals who are amyloid positive but show little to no cognitive impairment. Together, these studies will evaluate whether administration of BAN2401 can slow amyloid accumulation or cognitive decline in the very early stages of Alzheimer's disease. Turning to MS and neuroimmunology, this quarter, we were pleased to announce that VUMERITY, a novel oral fumarate, was approved by the FDA for the treatment of relapsing forms of MS. Detailed results from the Phase II EVOLVE-MS-2 study, which directly compared patient-reported GI tolerability of VUMERITY and TECFIDERA, were presented at the annual meeting of the European Charcot Foundation in November and published in the journal, CNS Drugs, earlier this month. Specifically, on the primary endpoint, these data showed that patients treated with VUMERITY self-reported 46% fewer days with intensity scores of at least 2 on the Individual Gastrointestinal Symptom and Impact Scale compared to TECFIDERA. This result was highly statistically significant with a p-value of 0.0003. Consistent with these data, the proportionate patients who discontinued the study due to GI adverse events was 0.8% for VUMERITY and 4.8% for TECFIDERA. Together, these data indicate that VUMERITY offers a clinically meaningful improvement in GI tolerability compared with TECFIDERA. Across our MS portfolio, we continue to advance BIIB091, an oral BTK inhibitor in Phase I; BIIB061, an oral remyelinating agent in Phase I; and opicinumab, a Phase II anti-LINGO antibody for which we expect data in the middle of this year. Moving to our progress in immunology, there remains a tremendous unmet medical need for people living with lupus, including both cutaneous and systemic forms. Treatment options for lupus are limited, and new medicines are needed to manage this difficult-to-treat and chronic disease. Our work in lupus builds on a long history that Biogen has in immunology, including both home-grown assets and collaborations. We were very excited to report positive data this quarter from the Phase II LILAC study of BIIB059, a potential first-in-class anti-BDCA2 antibody discovered and developed by Biogen, in two forms of lupus that affect a total of approximately 800,000 individuals in the G7. This two-part study evaluated BIIB059 versus placebo in individuals with active cutaneous lupus Erythematosus, or CLE, with or without systemic manifestations, and in individuals with systemic lupus erythematosus, or SLE, with active joint and skin manifestations. With a p-value of less than 0.001, the CLE part of the study met its primary endpoint by demonstrating a statistically significant response of BIIB059 on the percentage change from baseline in the CLASI-A score at week 16. The SLE part of the study also met its primary endpoint of reducing disease activity as measured by change from baseline in the total number of tender or swollen joints at week 24. In this study, patients treated with 450 milligrams of BIIB059 experienced a statistically significant reduction of 3.4 total active joint counts compared to placebo. In addition, improvements in skin disease and overall disease activity were consistently observed across multiple secondary endpoints. The safety and tolerability of BIIB059 support its continued development, and we are planning to move forward to Phase III. We believe that the BIIB059 program exemplifies important elements of our broader approach to R&D at Biogen. For example, by implementing biomarkers of target engagement and a measure of clinical efficacy early in clinical development, we were able to generate compelling proof of biology data and preliminary proof of concept data in Phase I, which were subsequently confirmed in a well-controlled Phase II study. We believe that such de-risking strategies may serve to increase the probability of success of other programs across our portfolio. In neuromuscular disorders, last month, at the International Symposium on ALS/Motor Neuron Disease, Biogen, Ionis Pharmaceuticals and our collaborators were awarded the Healey Center International Prize for Innovation in ALS. Presented by the ALS Center at Massachusetts General Hospital, this award recognized our contributions to the discovery and development of tofersen, our antisense oligonucleotide for SOD1 ALS. At this meeting, we were pleased to present the final data from the Phase I/II study of tofersen, which demonstrated a statistically significant decrease in CSF SOD1 protein levels and trends towards slowing of clinical decline as assessed by three independent measures compared to placebo. Furthermore, treatment with tofersen reduced levels of neurofilament in both plasma and CSF. We are encouraged by the concordance across data sets generated in the study, including target engagement, clinical and neurofilament data, and the broad potential of antisense oligonucleotides to target genetic drivers of neurodegenerative disease. We expect data from the Phase III VALOR study of tofersen next year. In addition, we continue to advance the Phase I studies of BIIB078, an ASO for C9orf72-mediated ALS, and BIIB100, a small molecule inhibitor of XPO1 for sporadic ALS. Turning to ophthalmology, this quarter, we completed enrollment in the Phase III STAR study of BIIB111 in choroideremia, a rare X-linked inherited retinal disorder that inevitably leads to blindness and currently has no approved treatments. Choroideremia affects approximately 15,000 individuals in the G7 and is caused by loss of function mutations in the gene encoding Rab escort protein 1, or REP1. BIIB111 is a gene therapy aimed to address the underlying cause of this disease by expressing an AAV2-packaged REP1 transgene. In Phase I/II studies, patients treated with BIIB111 demonstrated a higher rate of maintained vision compared to natural history. In addition, a subset of patients treated with BIIB111 in Phase I/II studies demonstrated a meaningful improvement in visual activity, as defined -- sorry, in visual acuity, as defined by a gain of at least 15 letters corresponding to three lines on the eye chart. Specifically, 21% of patients treated with BIIB111 demonstrated an improvement of at least 15 letters at one year, as compared to only 1% observed in the natural history study. The Phase I/II studies also demonstrated that BIIB111 was generally well tolerated with an acceptable safety profile. We are encouraged by these early signs of efficacy and safety and look forward to data from the Phase III study of BIIB111 toward the end of this year. We are also advancing the Phase II/III study of BIIB112 in XLRP with data expected in the middle of next year. In stroke, we continue to advance the Phase III study of BIIB093, or IV glibenclamide, for cerebral edema caused by large hemispheric infarction, or LHI. In a Phase II study, treatment with BIIB093 was associated with a 46% reduction in midline shift, an imaging measure of cerebral edema, and reduced mortality by over 50%. We look forward to data from the Phase III study of BIIB093 in LHI by the end of next year. In addition, the Phase II study of TMS-007 continues to progress. TMS-007 is a small molecule modulator of plasminogen that has the potential to become a best-in-class thrombolytic drug candidate for patients following an acute ischemic stroke. Data from this study are expected by the end of this year. Within movement disorders, we continue to advance cinpanemab, or BIIB054, an anti-alpha-synuclein antibody for Parkinson's disease, with Phase II data expected in the second half of this year, as well as the Phase I study for BIIB094, an antisense oligonucleotide targeting LRRK2. Last month, we reported top line results from the Phase II PASSPORT study of gosuranemab for PSP. The primary endpoint was not met, and we therefore discontinued the development of gosuranemab for PSP and other primary tauopathies. While we were disappointed in this result, we chose to continue the Phase II study of gosuranemab in early Alzheimer's disease, given the potentially significant differences in disease pathophysiology. And in neurocognitive disorders, we continue to advance a Phase II study of BIIB104, an AMPA receptor potentiator for cognitive impairment associated with schizophrenia. We now expect data from this study in the second half of this year -- of next year. Finally, we had a productive quarter on the business development front. Building further depth in ophthalmology, last month, we entered into an agreement with Catalyst Biosciences to develop and commercialize pegylated CB 2782 for the potential treatment of geographic atrophy, or GA. GA is an advanced form of dry age-related macular degeneration, or AMD, that leads to blindness, has no approved therapies and affects approximately 1 million individuals in the US alone. This molecule is a novel protease that selectively cleaves C3, a genetically validated target in AMD. And we are encouraged by preclinical data demonstrating that a single intravitreal injection of this protease eliminated over 99% of C3 from the vitreous humor for at least 28 days. In addition, this quarter, we initiated a collaboration with CAMP4 Therapeutics to leverage their Gene Circuitry Platform to potentially identify a suite of druggable targets in microglial signaling pathways already known to play a causal role in neurological disease. And most recently, we announced an agreement to acquire a novel CNS-penetrant small molecule inhibitor of casein kinase 1, or CK1, from Pfizer. CK1 is a key regulator of circadian rhythms, which can become dysregulated and contribute to irregular sleep-wake rhythm disorder, or ISWRD, in Parkinson's disease, as well as sundowning in Alzheimer's disease. ISWRD is a non-motor symptom of Parkinson's disease, characterized by fragmented sleep, severe fatigue and difficulties with activities of daily living. Sundowning affects approximately 20% of AD patients and causes patients to become confused, anxious and agitated later in the day. In a Phase I study -- Phase Ia study, this molecule demonstrated an acceptable safety profile and proof of mechanism. Specifically, there was a statistically significant and dose-related increase in salivary melatonin concentration, a marker of circadian phase modulation. We believe this may represent an innovative symptomatic treatment for both AD and PD, and we expect to initiate a Phase Ib study by the end of this year. This transaction is subject to customary closing conditions, and we expect it to close in the first quarter of 2020. Overall, Biogen R&D delivered significant progress in 2019. We believe we are in a strong position today with 27 clinical programs, including six programs in Phase III, 12 in Phase II and nine in Phase I, with a deep preclinical pipeline across multiple modalities. With our plan to file aducanumab in the US and multiple additional near-term opportunities ahead of us, we believe that no other company is as well positioned to develop potentially breakthrough medicines for patients living with devastating neurological diseases. I'll now pass the call over to Jeff.
Jeffrey Capello: Thanks Al. Good morning, everyone. Let me now provide more detail on our financial performance for 2019 and share with you our guidance for 2020. Let's start with revenues. As Michel mentioned earlier, we had a very strong performance in Q4 2019 across all of our core business areas. Total revenues for the fourth quarter grew 4% year-over-year to approximately $3.7 billion and grew 7% for the full year to $14.4 billion. Overall, our MS business delivered revenues of $2.4 billion in the fourth quarter of 2019, including OCREVUS royalties of approximately $205 million. MS revenues in Q4 2019 decreased 1% versus prior year without OCREVUS royalties and increased 2% including OCREVUS royalties. US MS revenues in the fourth quarter of 2019 benefited from an increase in channel inventory of approximately $135 million compared to an increase of approximately $105 million in Q4 2018. Based on historical results, we typically see a decrease in channel inventory in the first quarter, following year-end build of inventory. Full year MS revenues were $9.2 billion, including OCREVUS royalties of approximately $688 million. Full year MS revenues decreased 1% versus the prior year without OCREVUS royalties and increased 2% versus the prior year including OCREVUS royalties. Global fourth quarter TECFIDERA revenues were $1.2 billion, a 5% increase versus the prior year. This included revenues of $877 million in the US, an increase of 2% versus Q4 2018, and $284 million outside the US, an increase of 12% versus the fourth quarter of 2018. TECFIDERA benefited from an increase in channel inventory in the US of approximately $100 million in the fourth quarter of 2019 compared to an increase of approximately $60 million in Q4 2018. Throughout 2019, we were pleased to see four consecutive quarters of relative stability in our share of total prescriptions for TECFIDERA in the US. In addition to strong performance from TECFIDERA, we launched VUMERITY in late Q4 in the US and recorded $5 million of revenue, all of which we attribute to channel loading. Outside the US, TECFIDERA again performed very well in the fourth quarter with strong patient growth in all major European markets and approximately 50% patient growth in Asia Pacific and Latin America versus the prior year. For the full year, worldwide TECFIDERA revenues were $4.4 billion, an increase of 4% versus the prior year. This included $3.3 billion in the US and $1.1 billion in sales outside the US. Interferon revenues, including both AVONEX and PLEGRIDY, were $516 million during the fourth quarter, a decrease of 14% versus Q4 2018 due to a continued shift from the injectable platforms to oral or high-efficacy therapies. This included $359 million in the US and $157 million in sales outside the US. Interferon revenues outside the US were negatively impacted by channel dynamics and timing of shipments. Within the US, AVONEX and PLEGRIDY benefited from an increase in channel inventory of approximately $30 million compared to an increase of approximately $35 million in Q4 2018. For the full year, worldwide interferon revenues decreased 11% to $2.1 billion, consisting of $1.4 billion in the US and $675 million in sales outside the US. TYSABRI worldwide revenues were $473 million this quarter, an increase of 2% versus the fourth quarter of 2018. This included $270 million in US and $203 million outside the US. In the US, revenues increased 5% versus the prior year, representing the fourth consecutive quarter of improved performance on a year-over-year basis. Within the US, inventory levels for TYSABRI were relatively stable compared to an increase of approximately $10 million in the fourth quarter of 2018. Throughout 2019, we were pleased to see relative stability in TYSABRI's share of both new and total prescriptions in the US. Outside the US, TYSABRI revenues decreased 2% versus the prior year as revenues were negatively impacted by channel dynamics and timing of shipments. For the full year, worldwide TYSABRI revenues were approximately $1.9 billion, an increase of 2% versus prior year. We recorded US revenues of $1 billion and $850 million internationally. Overall, we were very pleased with the performance of our MS business in 2019 and are focused on maintaining the resilience of this franchise in light of new competition entering the market. Let me now move on to SPINRAZA. Global fourth quarter SPINRAZA revenues were $543 million, a 16% increase versus the prior year and relatively flat versus the third quarter. In the US, SPINRAZA revenues for the fourth quarter of 2019 were $243 million, an increase of 3% versus both Q4 2018 and Q3 2019. The number of patients on therapy in US increased 2% as compared to the end of the third quarter of 2019, with growth coming from both the pediatric and adult patient segments. We continue to make strong progress with adults, as more than 50% of the new starts in Q4 were adults. And growth in adults exceeded our overall patient growth. As a reminder, the adult population is the largest segment of the market. We have continued to see an impact from gene therapy within the infant population, which represents approximately 5% of the total SMA market. Outside the US, SPINRAZA revenues in the fourth quarter of 2019 were $300 million, an increase of 28% versus the prior year and a decrease of 3% versus the prior quarter. Outside the US, we saw strong growth in patients across all regions, with broad growth from both existing and newly launched countries. The number of commercial SPINRAZA patients increased approximately 10% versus the third quarter of 2019. Despite strong overall patient growth, fourth quarter ex-US SPINRAZA revenues decreased slightly versus the third quarter of this year due to a combination of loading dose dynamics, country mix, the timing of shipments in certain markets and pricing dynamics. Overall, we were very pleased with SPINRAZA's performance again this quarter, as we saw continued patient growth across the large mature markets and strong uptake in the emerging markets. Additionally, more than 50% of our revenue came from outside the US, and there remains significant opportunity to reach additional patients, particularly outside the US. For the full year, worldwide SPINRAZA revenues increased 22% to $2.1 billion, driven by 9% growth in the US to $933 million and 30% growth outside the US to $1.2 billion. Let me now move on to our biosimilars business, which generated revenues of $196 million this quarter, growing 25% versus the prior year. We estimate that we have more than 200,000 patients receiving treatments with our three anti-TNF biosimilars, which is a significant increase of approximately 70% versus the prior year. BENEPALI is the leading ENBREL biosimilar in Germany, the UK and Italy. FLIXABI is the most prescribed Remicade biosimilar in Italy. And IMRALDI is the leading HUMIRA biosimilar in major markets such as Germany and the UK. For the full year, biosimilars revenues grew 35% to $738 million. Turning to our anti-CD20 revenues, we recorded $601 million for the fourth quarter, an increase of 12% versus the prior year, primarily driven by OCREVUS royalties. Full year anti-CD20 revenues were $2.3 billion, a 16% increase versus 2018. In the fourth quarter, we saw the first entry of a RITUXAN biosimilar. We expect additional biosimilar entrants in 2020, which we expect will put further pressure on RITUXAN revenues. Also as a reminder, our royalty rate on US sales of OCREVUS resets every calendar year. Total other revenues were $146 million in the fourth quarter, a decrease of 12% versus the prior year due to the timing of shipments. Other revenues were $708 million for the full year, an increase of 21% versus 2018. As a reminder, other revenues in the first quarter of 2019 benefited from a large one-time shipment to Bioverativ. In addition, note that other revenues are variable and difficult to predict. Let me now turn to gross margin performance. Q4 2019 gross margin was 88% of revenues versus approximately 86% in the fourth quarter of 2018. The improvement in gross margin was due to slightly lower royalties, as well as lower cost related to our other revenues. Gross margins for the full year 2019 were approximately 86%, relatively flat compared to full year 2018. Q4 GAAP and non-GAAP R&D expense was 19% of revenue or $692 million. Q4 R&D expense includes $63 million related to the transaction with Samsung Bioepis, the $45 million opt-in payment we made to Ionis related to BIIB080, and $30 million related to our collaboration agreements with CAMP4 Therapeutics and Catalyst Biosciences. Full year GAAP and non-GAAP R&D expense was 16% of revenue or $2.3 billion. Q4 GAAP SG&A expense was 18% of revenue or $665 million. Q4 non-GAAP SG&A expense was 18% of revenue or $662 million. Both GAAP and non-GAAP SG&A increased versus the prior quarter, primarily due to increased commercial and medical investments, as well as the timing of spend on G&A. Full year GAAP SG&A was 17% of sales or $2.4 billion. Full year non-GAAP SG&A was 16% of sales or $2.3 billion. GAAP other expense, which includes interest, was $49 million in the fourth quarter, and income was $83 million for the full year. Non- expense was $50 million in the fourth quarter and $110 million for the full year. The difference between these GAAP and non-GAAP results is driven primarily by gains on strategic investments, which we classify as GAAP only. In the fourth quarter and the full year, our GAAP and non-GAAP tax rate was approximately 16%. Compared to the prior year, GAAP and non-GAAP tax rates for both the full year and the fourth quarter of 2019 benefited from a non-recurring change in the Company's tax profile in 2019 and the sale of the remaining portion of higher-tax inventory in 2018 due to inter-Company effects. Furthermore, the GAAP rate also benefited from the unfavorable prior-year effect of US tax reform in 2018. Our weighted average diluted share count was approximately 178 million for the fourth quarter and 187 million for the full year. Throughout 2019, we repurchased approximately 24 million shares at an average price of approximately $249 for a total value of approximately $5.9 billion, including approximately 7.7 million shares in the fourth quarter for a total value of approximately $2.1 billion. As of the end of the year, we had a total of approximately $6.3 billion in share repurchase authorization outstanding, including the new $5 billion plan approved by the Board in December 2019, which now brings us to our diluted earnings per share. In the fourth quarter, we booked GAAP EPS of $8.08, an increase of 71% versus the fourth quarter of 2018, and non-GAAP earnings per share of $8.34, a 19% increase versus the prior year. For the full year, GAAP EPS was $31.42, a 46% increase versus 2018, and non-GAAP EPS was $33.57, a 28% increase versus 2018. We generated approximately $2 billion in net cash flows from operations in Q4 and approximately $7.1 billion for the full year, marking the final year where cash flows are impacted by payments to Fumapharm. We ended the quarter with approximately $5.9 billion in cash and marketable securities and $6 billion in debt. Let me now turn to our full year guidance for 2020. We expect revenues of approximately $14 billion to $14.3 billion. We anticipate GAAP and non-GAAP R&D expense to be between 15% and 16% of revenues. We expect GAAP and non-GAAP SG&A expense to be approximately 19.5% to 20.5% of revenues. We anticipate our GAAP and non-GAAP tax rates for 2020 to be between 18% to 19%. And we anticipate full year 2020 GAAP diluted earnings per share results of $29.50 to $31.50 and non-GAAP diluted earnings per share to be between $31.50 to $33.50. It's important to note that this guidance does not include any impact from potential acquisitions or large business development transactions, as both are hard to predict. This guidance does assume our proposed transaction with Pfizer closes. Our guidance also assumes a stable share count off the fourth quarter of 2019 and no change to foreign exchange rates. Importantly, our guidance also assumes no generic competition in the US for TECFIDERA in 2020 and assumes additional commercial and R&D expenses related to aducanumab. This guidance reflects our best assumptions as of now. And as a reminder, we will provide an update mid-year on our second quarter earnings call. I'll now turn the call back over to Michel for his closing comments.
Michel Vounatsos: Thank you, Jeff. We delivered strong performance in 2019 with growth across all of our core business areas, double-digit earnings growth versus a year ago and strong execution across each pillar of our strategy. For 2020, we aim to continue our momentum by executing well on our strategic priorities across MS, SMA, biosimilars and our pipeline, with a priority on aducanumab. We are actively preparing for the potential launch of aducanumab with an initial focus on the US. This includes implementing a thorough go-to-market model, hiring the sales force, building out our medical teams and preparing for market access. In addition, we are actively engaging with regulators outside of the US, including Europe and Japan. Beyond aducanumab, our pipeline is maturing. We now have six programs in Phase III and 27 clinical programs overall, an increase from 17 just three years ago. We have multiple near-term opportunities for value creation, including in Alzheimer's disease, ALS, stroke, lupus, ophthalmology and biosimilars, as we aim to build a multi-franchise portfolio. Between now and the end of 2021, we expect 11 mid-to-late stage data readouts, including Phase III readouts for tofersen in ALS, BIIB111 in choroideremia and BIIB093 in large hemispheric infarction, and eight Phase II readouts across MS, Alzheimer's disease, Parkinson's disease, ophthalmology, schizophrenia, acute neurology and neuropathic pain. As the leader in neuroscience, with asymmetric [ph] core capabilities, we believe that no other company is better positioned to continue to deliver breakthrough therapies for diseases of the nervous system to address a significant and growing unmet medical need. We'll continue to execute on our core strategy to build a multi-franchise portfolio across our core and emerging growth areas. I want to reiterate our commitment to maximizing returns to our shareholders and bringing innovative therapies to patients over the long term. This demands that we continue to look at capital efficiently, effectively and appropriately. As we have demonstrated in the past, we will always strive to have an optimal capital structure, as well as aim for superior returns from the investment we make. I'd like to take a moment to discuss how we brought the purpose as an organization as we aim to pioneer science for the betterment of humanity. This includes doing the right thing for patients, our employees, the environment and the community, all of which we believe contributes to a long-term sustainable shareholder value. I am proud of what Biogen stands for, and I believe this approach positions us well to be a sustainable organization over the long term, as we remain focused on being the leader in neuroscience to address the tremendous societal needs in this space. Finally, I would like to thank our employees around the world, who are dedicated to making a positive impact on patients' lives, and all of the physician, caregivers and participants in our clinical development programs. Our past and future achievements could not be realized without their passion and commitment. We will now open the call for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Geoff Porges with SVB Leerink. Please go ahead.
Geoff Porges: Thank you very much, and congratulations on the quarter and the results and all the progress. Just a couple of questions, Jeff, on the guidance. Could you talk about what assumptions are built into your guidance about the effect of the risdiplam imminent launch on SPINRAZA? And also just have you incorporated the full launch costs for aducanumab? Your sales force and everything you mentioned that, but is it fully budgeted in that guidance? Thanks.
Jeffrey Capello: So thanks for the questions, Geoff. So with regard to risdiplam, we are assuming that that product does launch. And so we're anticipating, as everyone else is, to kind of see the data and kind of what it means. We'd just remind people that we have 10,000 people on therapy today doing very, very well with a very low discontinuation rate. So we'll see kind of what happens on the data and how that product is received. But certainly, there's a lot of growth opportunity for us ahead. With regard to aducanumab, we're not going to give specific perspective on numbers in terms of the launch, but I would just point you back to looking at the SG&A guidance, which is up quite a bit from a percentage perspective, and you get a sense of the amount we're spending year-over-year relative to that that we spent last year. And that is I think the prudent thing to do, given the significant opportunity ahead of us, which we're quite excited about.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Terence Flynn with Goldman Sachs.
Terence Flynn: Great, thanks for taking the question. Maybe just two for me. Just wondering if you can give us any more detail on what's gating to the aducanumab filing. And then, are you expecting a priority review? And then the outlook in terms of the ex-US regulatory filings there, do you have a similar level of confidence in filing in both Europe in Japan as you do in the US? Thank you.
Alfred Sandrock, Jr.: Hi, Terence, this is Al. It's basically a matter of putting together documentation, the electronic Common Technical Document. It's an electronic document with hyperlinks, etc. It's a matter of assembling all that and submitting that to the FDA. And in terms of the engagement, we've been engaged with them since last -- the first Type C meeting last June, and it's been very constructive. I've never -- this is a unique situation to me. It's pretty unusual, I think, across the industry. But I'll say that it's been -- there has been a high level of constructive engagement ever since last June. And with respect to the other regions, we have started our engagement with them, but it's still early days. But we do anticipate that we will be filing at some point in those other regions as well at some point.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ronny Gal with Bernstein. Please go ahead.
Ronny Gal: Good morning. Congratulations on the results, and thank you for taking the questions. You mentioned you're beginning to -- the redosing trial. I wonder if you can just tell us a little bit about what you're trying to achieve with that trial. Essentially, now that you've got the protocol, what are the endpoints and when -- what is the data that we should see from that? And then second on VUMERITY, can you describe a little bit the launch plans here? I guess it didn't really make commercial step yet. Can you talk a little bit about whether you intend to give it the same kind of parity business model to TECFIDERA? Or would there be some things you do with VUMERITY that -- in terms of access, support and so forth, that will be better or worse than TECFIDERA?
Alfred Sandrock, Jr.: Hi Ronny, it's Al. The main reason for the redosing study were humanitarian reasons. We had all these patients who had volunteered to be in our clinical studies. They helped us develop aducanumab. We felt we owed something to them. Many of them had expressed a desire to the investigators that they wanted the drug. So that's the primary reason. As I said in my notes that -- in my script that it's a single-arm study. Basically, every patient gets titrated up to 10 milligrams per kilogram aducanumab, and all patients who were in prior studies, including placebo patients, are eligible. In a single-arm study, the main thing you can really look at is safety and tolerability. And we had always envisioned doing a long-term extension study. In fact, we had one in place to evaluate long-term safety and tolerability. And so that's the primary endpoint of the study. In addition, of course, we'll answer -- we'll take a look at efficacy as best you can in a single-arm study because we would be interested in continued -- if there's durable effect, obviously, we'll be looking at amyloid and other biomarkers, and we'll also see whether or not a treatment gap had any effect on these kinds of markers.
Michel Vounatsos: So, Ronny, concerning the second part of your question, with a superior to take [indiscernible] we have the opportunity with VUMERITY to strengthen the overall fumarate portfolio. But TECFIDERA remains front and center in our promotion. You see the performance. We continue to support. And again, a key metric will be to increase the share of fumarate down the road. We are pleased with the access to date that is superior to what we have seen from competition a few months after launch, and for some competitors, 12 months after launch. So we are pleased with the access. We monitor very closely the Start Forms and the grads [ph]. We are pleased to see so far that there is more Start Forms being issued ex tech than tech. So this is a -- but it's still the beginning. It's a bit too early. We'll come back with more color when we have more data.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Phil Nadeau with Cowen and Company. Please go ahead.
Phil Nadeau: Good morning. Thanks for taking my question. It's actually on TECFIDERA and the IP. I believe, we are going to get a decision on the IPR next week. Can you remind us in the case where the IP were to fall, what would be the next steps, what is the appeal process there? And then secondarily, what is the status of the court case? Can you give us an update on the timelines there, should the IPR actually go your way next week? Thanks.
Jeffrey Capello: Yeah, so it's Jeff. So there is a -- expect a decision, from the IPR perspective, no later than the end of the first week of February. So that will be the first of the three decisions. Depending on how that goes -- if it goes in our favor, that's great. If it doesn't, we plan to appeal, and the appeal process typically takes 12 to 18 months. Two other cases, West Virginia and Delaware, are expected to read out some point mid-year, plus or minus a month or two. Depending on how those go those go -- if those go our way, that's great. If not, we plan to appeal those, and the appeal period, again, tends to take 12 to 18 months. So we obviously await kind of the results of that. We do believe we have valid patents. Nonetheless, these outcomes are difficult to predict. There's a number of considerations need to be weighed. There's obviously multiple decisions that we just talked about. There's the appeal periods and then there's handicapping whether or not people -- if we're unsuccessful, we'll launch at risk. So it's difficult to predict in the short term. So we'll keep people apprised of kind of the developments as we move our way through the year.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Umer Raffat with Evercore. Please go ahead.
Umer Raffat: Hi, thanks so much for taking my questions. Al, I just wanted to focus on Alzheimer's for a minute, if I may. And it's very clear that FDA has a long history of approving CNS drugs, which have failed and/or negative trials in the past. However, every time FDA goes down that direction, I find that they pool results across every single thing. So my question is, if you pool results across ENGAGE, EMERGE and Phase Ib, what does that look like? That will be very helpful to understand. And also, how many post-hoc analysis were done before you guys arrived at the Protocol Version 4 population? I mostly ask because I'm trying to understand how we should think about what should be the p-value, given all the splits that theoretically should be thought about before we arrived at the PV4.
Alfred Sandrock, Jr.: So Umer, this is Al Sandrock. We haven't disclosed the results of any other kinds of analyses, including pooling or subsets. So we're not going to do that this morning. But I would say that I would not assume that -- I mean, when you look back in the history of approved drugs, I wouldn't say it's always the case that pooling is done. I think that there is -- there are exceptions to that. And so I would not assume that here, and let's see. Your question -- the other question was how many post-hoc analyses? We did say it was post-hoc, but I don't remember how many there were.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Geoff Meacham with Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Geoff Meacham: Hi, good morning, guys. Thanks for the question. I just have a few. On SMA, in clinical development, patients on ZOLGENSMA switched back to SPINRAZA. Just curious if you guys have seen evidence that this is occurring in the real world. And then Al, bigger picture question on Alzheimer's. So if I assume that A-beta antibody is an anchor therapy, when we look down the road at combination approaches, is there sort of a fast path to derisk? In other words, do you feel like FDA -- you can look at surrogate markers such as a PET imaging initially, and then down the road, look at cognition. Just wanted to get a sense for looking at post-aducanumab. Thanks.
Alfred Sandrock, Jr.: Yeah. So we -- your first question was about SMA and ZOLGENSMA. I don't really consider that as switch-back, if you will, because if they've had ZOLGENSMA, arguably that -- they're still on it, if you will. They're getting the effect of the gene therapy. So in some ways, it's like a combination of adding SPINRAZA. We have heard about that. It does happen in the real world. And you might want to -- you might wonder why people are doing that. I think it's because parents and the physicians feel like there might be more room to improve, and so that's what I hear from -- in the real world. And in terms of data from that, we are starting to collect that data. But we have -- we don't have any conclusions at this point. But we are -- because it's happening in the real world. And since we're very interested in real world evidence, we are starting to collect that data. In terms of Alzheimer's and combination, one of the reasons why we built the pipeline the way we did was that we had always envisioned combination therapy. And the first obvious thing to combine aducanumab or BAN2401 with would be an anti-tau or a tau ASO, something that affects tau. We were actually pleasantly surprised that aducanumab already affects tau, though. So we'll have to keep that in mind. But nevertheless, I think the most obvious thing to do would be to combine with tau as the next step, and then maybe that there are certain stages of the disease that need the combination more than other stages. And in terms of a fast track, yeah, we will employ biomarkers, not only of the toxic proteins that we're trying to reduce, A-beta and tau, but also potentially other kinds of biomarkers that look at additive effects in a more expedient way. But ultimately, I anticipate we will need to show some effect of the combination on reducing clinical decline further. I think that will still be important. Unless you can do it, in other words, if you're in an early stage of Alzheimer's where there is no cognitive impairment, you may not be able to do it where biomarkers alone may be the only approach.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Michael Yee with Jefferies. Please go ahead.
Michael Yee: Thanks for the question. You had made some comments around preparation for aducanumab, including SG&A. Could you just put a little more color around, I guess, the work being done in terms of timing of when you actually expect the sales force to be on? And maybe some comments around what you're hearing from payers and what they would -- how they are putting in perspective this type of drug and what type of actions that type of drug would get. And then just a quick one also for Al, there is a DIAN-TU study reading out. I'm sure people will try to make read-throughs into what this means for the beta amyloid about -- this is maybe just a comment on anything to know or your perspective on that study. I appreciate it.
Michel Vounatsos: So Michael, if I can get started with the launch readiness, actually, the work started more than two years ago with an understanding of the patient journey from origination to diagnosis, the referral dynamics that change from market to market, and even within the US, which is different, understand the different types of markets within the US, it's -- the different segments. We have finalized the go-to-market for the US. This has been approved, and this is funded in our budget, as discussed. And hiring has started, first with the medical affairs, obviously. Engagement with scientific leaders also at the community level is important. And also the biomanufacturing needs to be stepped up and be ready for eventually a large demand with the functional support, okay, to support the increased engagement and team. In terms of price, it's still early, even if we are making progress. We engage with stakeholders, because as you can imagine, there is almost no drug cost today. So we engage with patient association, pharmacoeconomics, through leaders and all the customers, mostly in the US and beyond the US. Beyond the price, it's all about the access condition and the affordability. We know that the more we wait, the more transition -- that people will transition to full-blown assistance and loss of dependence, which costs so much to the society. So basically, we start engaging, and hopefully, we'll have all the incentives in that field in order to further invest in R&D. This is our belief. So good progress, step by step, but we engage broadly and we ask for advice and we listen.
Alfred Sandrock, Jr.: Hi Michael, it's Al. DIAN-TU -- so DIAN is the Dominantly Inherited Alzheimer Network. So obviously, in these patients, amyloid is likely to be causal because most of the dominantly inherited mutations that lead to ultimately [ph] Alzheimer's disease are patients either in APP, the amyloid precursor protein, or enzymes that process it. And so I think that these are very interesting studies. My understanding is that solanizumab and gantenerumab are being tested. If the results are positive, I think that that would lend further support to the amyloid hypothesis. If the results are negative, I'd want to see that there is evidence of target engagement and biological changes in the brain before I make any conclusions.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Cory Kasimov with JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Cory Kasimov: Great. Good morning, guys. Thanks for taking my question. I wanted to ask on capital allocation, and given the Company's current portfolio and pipeline, considering prevailing market dynamics, how do you look at the relative attractiveness between continued share repurchases, considering the 6 plus billion in dry powder you have there, and business development opportunities? I guess, do you have enough bandwidth to do both in a meaningful way? And do you -- and how much of an appetite do you have on the acquisition front at this time? Thanks.
Jeffrey Capello: So Cory, it's Jeff. Thanks for the question. So we're in a good position from that perspective. We have no net debt as of the end of the year. In 2019, we generated $7 billion of cash flow and we expect that we'll have a strong cash flow year again in 2020. So we've got the financial flexibility to do both, and we have been doing both. Over the last three years, we've done 15 M&A BD type transactions, spending $3.5 billion. And in the last year alone, we bought back 24 million shares for almost $6 billion. So our interest is strong in terms of building the pipeline. We've taken the pipeline from 17 clinical assets to 27, significant increase. And then, of those 27, there's 11 that have important readouts in the next two years, five of which could have a meaningful impact on the Company. So we feel good about that. We'd like to continue to add to those assets and build the pipeline. But at the same point, we have $6.3 billion of authorized share repurchase capability as well. So we'll continue to make good decisions that are in the best interest long term of the shareholders and we'll have the capacity to do both.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Matthew Harrison with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Matthew Harrison: Hey, good morning. Thanks for taking the question. I had one for Al on two pipeline program. Al, can you just comment why a LRRK2 ASO could be differentiated from the kinase inhibitors that we see in development? And then maybe just share your views on anti-LINGO in MS. Has that changed since you initiated that study or any updated views there? Thanks.
Alfred Sandrock, Jr.: So LRRK2 is a wonderful target, we believe, for Parkinson's disease, not only for the patients with familial PD due to LRRK2 mutations, but also potentially even for sporadic Parkinson's disease. And the ASO, it's another approach to -- instead of inhibiting the enzyme with a small molecule, you reduce the levels of LRRK2, and it remains to be seen. One thing I'll say about the ASO is that it's CNS. Because we give it intrathecally, it's only going to affect LRRK2 in the central nervous system, whereas a small molecule may have affects on the enzyme in other places. But I would say other than that, it's kind of early days for whether or not these drugs will be effective. And in terms of anti-LINGO, the Phase II study that we're doing now is different from the first Phase II study in the sense that we selected patients based on advanced imaging to be sure that they actually had demyelination based on MTR and actually had intact exons based on DTI. We also chose the dose that looked the most promising, based on the first Phase II study. And we're combining it with multiple different kinds of immunomodulators. In the first trial, we only combined it with interferon, but now we're combining it with TECFIDERA, TYSABRI as well as interferon to see whether or not the level of inflammatory disease in the brain affects remyelination. And perhaps when you have less inflammation, the oligodendrocyte precursor cells may be able to remyelinate better. So that's the difference. And we'll find out soon whether or not the second trial is positive.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Jay Olson with Oppenheimer. Please go ahead.
Jay Olson: Hi, congrats on a successful 2019, and thanks for taking the question. Could you elaborate on the rationale for studying BAN2401 in patients whose amyloid levels fall below the threshold of positivity? And is the goal here to create a complementary positioning for BAN2401 in patient segments that would be distinct from aducanumab?
Alfred Sandrock, Jr.: Well, we do view this -- we do view the two drugs as part of a multi-drug franchise, and we will use the drugs where they naturally fit the best, and we'll need data for that. Just because they're not positive based on a visual read, that doesn't mean there's no amyloid accumulation. So I think that's the distinction. And in some ways, A345 study looks at -- between the two studies, looks at both Stage 1 and Stage 2, both of the -- both stages as defined by the FDA guidance document that came out last year on the various stages of Alzheimer's disease. So I would say that those two studies evaluate both Stage 1 and Stage 2, and both are important to study, I believe.
Joe Mara: There's probably time for two more questions.
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of Evan Seigerman with Credit Suisse. Please go ahead with your question.
Evan Seigerman: Hi, guys. Thank you for taking my questions and congrats on the quarter. I'm just looking towards next week with the potential results from the IPR. If they were to not go your way, would you consider re-prioritizing your business development priorities versus share repurchases? Or would you have to wait until you kind of see the results of the court cases mid-year?
Michel Vounatsos: So thanks for the good question. And we see business development M&A opportunities as being independent from what happens next week or what happened six months ago, in March. We continue to remain -- we are very engaged on BD opportunities, and the team continue to look at the opportunities to create value for the shareholders, and this will be independent from any event.
Jeffrey Capello: Yeah, and just as a reminder, we ended the year with no net debt. And in 2019, we generated $7 billion in operating cash flow. So we've got the capacity to do both.
Operator: The final question will come from the line of Robyn Karnauskas with SunTrust. Please go ahead with your question.
Robyn Karnauskas: Hi, thanks for the question. Just to give us some comfort, as the investors and we think about Alzheimer's, should it be approved, given that you've [ph] a huge amount of antibody, can you give us any comfort around cost of goods and margins that it wouldn't be too harmful? I know you guys have very good manufacturing capacity, but that's still a lot of antibodies. So when would we learn this? And can you give us any comfort that the dollar amount to make this drug isn't extremely high that it would overburden the system? Thanks.
Jeffrey Capello: Yeah. So thanks for the question. So it's obviously something we've been looking at for a while. And I'll say -- I don't want to get into too much specifics with regard to that at this point in time, but we're comfortable that given the nature of the substance that we'll produce, it will be a fair margin and that it will do well economically.
Joe Mara: So I'm going to turn it back over to Michel for his closing comments.
Michel Vounatsos: So thank you all for being on the call. We turned the page of a very strong 2019, and now, the team at Biogen is ready for a very material 2020 and, obviously, with a priority for a potential aducanumab. Thank you for your attention.
Joe Mara: Thank you. End the call.
Operator: Thank you again for joining todays conference. You may now disconnect.+

===== 2019 Q3  (2019-10-22 08:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning. My name is Jessa and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Biogen Third Quarter 2019 Financial Results and Business Update. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to turn the conference over to Mr. Joe Mara, Vice President, Investor Relations. You may begin your conference.
Joe Mara: Good morning, everyone and welcome to Biogens third quarter 2019 earnings conference call. On todays call, we will be discussing our Q3 results as well as an update on our Alzheimers program aducanumab including our plan to file in the U.S. Before we begin, I encourage everyone to go to the Investors section of biogen.com to find the earnings release and related financial tables, including a reconciliation of the GAAP to non-GAAP financial measures that we will discuss today. Our GAAP financials are provided in Tables 1 and 2 and Table 3 includes a reconciliation of our GAAP to non-GAAP financial results. We believe non-GAAP financial results better represent the ongoing economics of our business and reflect how we manage the business internally. We have also posted slides on our website that follow the discussion related to this call. I would like to point out that we will be making forward-looking statements which are based on our current expectations and beliefs. These statements are subject to certain risks and uncertainties and our actual results may differ materially. I encourage you to consult the Risk Factors discussed in our SEC filings for additional detail. On todays call, I am joined by our Chief Executive Officer, Michel Vounatsos; Dr. Al Sandrock, EVP, Research and Development and our Chief Medical Officer; Dr. Samantha Budd Haeberlein, Vice President, Late Stage Clinical Development and our CFO, Jeff Capello. Now I will turn the call over to Michel.
Michel Vounatsos: Thank you, Joe and good morning everyone. I will start by giving you an outline of this call since we are announcing both Q3 results and news on aducanumab. First, I will review the recent news on aducanumab. Next, I will provide the key highlights of a strong quarter. Al and Samantha will then provide additional details on aducanumab and progress across the rest of our pipeline. Jeff will discuss our financial performance for Q3 and I will close before we open the call for questions. This is an important day as we are announcing that based on discussion with the FDA, we plan to submit a regulatory filing in the U.S. for aducanumab. If approved, aducanumab will become the first therapy to reduce clinical decline in Alzheimers disease and the first therapy to show that removing amyloid beta can lead to better clinical outcomes. This is an important milestone providing hope for patients, physicians, caregivers and families around the world. It is also important to highlight that the path taken in the pursuit of discovering and developing breakthrough treatments is not always direct and straightforward. As you know in March, we announced our decision to discontinue the Phase 3 EMERGE and ENGAGE studies for aducanumab in Alzheimers disease based on a pre-specified futility analysis. In retrospect the result of our futility analysis was incorrect. Based on what we know now it is clear that the pre-specified futility criteria did not adequately anticipate the effect of all the variables in these trials. So, what happened? First, the decision to stop these trials relied on an earlier and smaller dataset comprised only of patients who had the opportunity to complete 18 months of treatment as of December 26, 2018. At that time, the futility analysis predicted that the trials were unlikely to meet the primary endpoint upon completion. Futility analysis are common in large studies and they use statistical modeling to attempt to predict the outcome of the studies based on a number of pre-specified assumptions and criteria. There are multiple methodologies that can be used for futility analysis and the methodology we use was a well accepted approach. However, based on what we have learned, we know now that the futility analysis did not adequately account for the effect that the earlier enrollment in ENGAGE had on patients overall exposure to high dose aducanumab. Second, in the months following the discontinuation of the studies, our team has continued to analyze the vast set of clinical imaging and biomarker data that the studies have generated. In addition to further analysis of the dataset which informed the futility analysis we also gain access to an analyzed additional data, including data on patients who completed treatment after the cutoff date for the futility analysis as well as data for patients who did not complete the full duration of the study. Once we became aware of the potential implication of this larger dataset, we consulted with external advisors followed by the FDA with a Type C Meeting in June as we began conducting further analysis. Third, the new analysis of the larger dataset, which was conducted in consultation with the FDA, showed that aducanumab had a dose-dependent effect on the underlying pathology as measured by amyloid-PET imaging and reduced clinical decline in patients with early Alzheimers disease as measured by the pre-specified primary and secondary endpoints. Based on the second type C meeting held with the FDA just yesterday, we believe this data support regulatory filing. Beyond aducanumab, we are hopeful about the implication of these results for similar approaches targeting amyloid beta, including BAN2401. Looking forward, we plan to submit a regulatory filing in the U.S. in early 2020 and we will continue dialog with regulatory authorities in international markets, including in Europe and Japan. Most importantly, we have a deep commitment to the patients community starting with those who participated in our clinical trials. With the support of the FDA, we aim to offer access to aducanumab as soon as possible to eligible patients previously enrolled in the Phase 3 studies, the long-term extension of the Phase 1 PRIME b-study and the Phase 2 EVOLVE study. We will work towards this goal with the regulatory authorities, principal investigators and the institutional review boards with a sense of urgency. I know this development is unexpected for all our stakeholders, including the many patients involved in our clinical studies and their families, our investigators, our investors and our employees. And I am sure you have a lot of questions. We were also surprised when we initially learned about the potential implication of these additional data, but our surprise quickly turned to the hope that we maybe in the position to offer Alzheimers patients the first step to reduce clinical decline in this devastating disease. We are humbled and honored by this opportunity and we are committed to following the science and doing the right thing for patients. Now, let me review some financial highlights from the third quarter. Compared to the same period a year ago, Biogen delivered solid top line and bottom line growth. Third quarter revenues grew 5% to $3.6 billion. Third quarter GAAP earnings per share grew 17% to $8.39 and non-GAAP EPS grew 24% to $9.17. Now, let me briefly review our progress against our strategic business priorities. First, we continue to demonstrate resilience in MS and we remain focused on addressing the IP challenge with TECFIDERA, while also preparing for the expected launch of VUMERITY. Second, SPINRAZA revenues grew double-digits both year-over-year and quarter-over-quarter. Third, our biosimilars business continued to grow led by the recent launch of IMRALDI. Fourth, we continue to progress our pipeline with a positive readout on VUMERITY and the addition of two new clinical programs. And fifth, Biogen has continued to be disciplined and focused on capital allocation. As we have demonstrated, we are committed to maximizing returns for our shareholders while continuing to bring innovative therapies to patients, something that demands a thoughtful approach toward all our investment over both the short-term and the long-term. Before turning the call over to Al, I would like to congratulate him on his new role as the Head of R&D at Biogen. I know, I speak for the broader Biogen family in expressing my confidence in Al as a scientist, as a clinician, and as a leader. Al is taking the helm at the time when I believe Biogen R&D has never been stronger. And I believe he is well equipped to continue driving Biogen R&D forward.
Al Sandrock: Thank you, Michel. Before diving in, let me first take a moment to say how excited I am, about the opportunity to lead the R&D organization here at Biogen. Im extremely proud of the team for all the hard work that brought us to todays announcement on aducanumab, and I believe now more than ever, that Biogen is uniquely positioned to bring breakthroughs in neuroscience and transform the lives of patients with neurological disease. As Michel said, we were all surprised when we learned of the potential implications of the new analysis of a larger dataset from the Phase 3 studies of aducanumab. Following discussions with external advisors and the FDA, we have now come to better understand what happened, and even more importantly with the positive implications of the larger dataset may mean for patients, physicians and the broader scientific community. To start, I will briefly summarize our current understanding of the Phase 3 data, before I turn the call over to Samantha, who will describe in more detail, the series of events and analysis that have led us to the current conclusions and status today. First, it is important to understand what the results  that the results you will hear about today, which we have analyzed in consultation with the FDA, are based on a new analysis of a larger dataset, than that which was used for the futility analysis. Our primary learning from these data is that sufficient exposure to high dose aducanumab reduced clinical decline across multiple clinical endpoints. This reduction and clinical decline was statistically significant in EMERGE, and we believe that patients  that the data from patients who achieve sufficient exposure to high dose aducanumab in ENGAGE support the findings of EMERGE. After consultation with the FDA, we believe that the totality of these data support a regulatory filing. Importantly patients included in the futility analysis, were those who had enrolled early in the trials and those early enrolling patients had a lower average exposure to aducanumab in large part due to two protocol amendments that occurred sometime after the start of the trials. These two protocol amendments were put in place precisely to enable more patients to reach high dose aducanumab, and for a longer duration. As a consequence, the larger dataset available after trial cessation included more patients with sufficient exposure to high dose aducanumab. Moreover, differences between EMERGE and ENGAGE can mostly be accounted for by a greater level of exposure to high dose aducanumab in EMERGE due to multiple factors including the fact that ENGAGE started earlier and enrolled earlier then EMERGE, meaning that fewer patients in ENGAGE had sufficient exposure to high dose aducanumab, as well as other factors including differences in the degree of dose suspension due to ARIA. Taken together, we believe that these data and the associated extensive analysis provide compelling evidence that aducanumab reduces the otherwise devastating and inexorable clinical decline of Alzheimers disease. To expand further, I will now hand the call over to Samantha.
Samantha Budd Haeberlein: Thank you, Al. Let me now describe in more detail how we got here. Its important to first understand the design of the studies and how that evolved over time. EMERGE and ENGAGE were Phase 3 multicenter, randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled parallel group studies, designed to evaluate the efficacy and safety of aducanumab in early Alzheimers disease. The studies were identical in design. A full enrollment EMERGE included 1,638 patients and ENGAGE included 1,647 patients. Based on the data from the Phase 1b PRIME study of aducanumab, we believed that higher doses of aducanumab may be associated with improved clinical outcomes. However, as the incidents of amyloid related imaging abnormality or ARIA for short, the most common adverse event associated with aducanumab, also increased with aducanumab dose and occurred more often in ApoE4 carriers than non-carriers. The Phase 3 study had a number of design elements, such as titration, dose levels and management with MRI to mitigate and manage the risk of ARIA. In addition, dosing of aducanumab was stratified by ApoE4 carrier status. The low dose was defined as 3 milligram per kilogram for ApoE4 carriers and 6 milligram per kilogram for non-carriers, whereas the high dose was initially defined as 6 milligram per kilogram for ApoE4 carriers and 10 milligram per kilogram for non-carriers. Results from the PRIME study for ApoE4 carriers titrated to 10 milligram per kilogram became available in August 2016. This data showed that the incidence of ARIA as well as discontinuations from treatment due to ARIA in ApoE4 carriers receiving aducanumab titrated to 10 milligram per kilogram appeared to be reduced as compared to the fixed dose cohort. Following this analysis, the protocols for the ongoing Phase 3 studies were amended such that the high dose in ApoE4 carriers would then be increased from 6 to 10 milligram per kilogram. Of note, in each study approximately two-thirds of enrolled patients were ApoE4 carriers, and the number of carriers was well balanced across each of the arms of both studies. Each dose arm had a titration period such that the maximum number of monthly 10 milligram per kilogram doses that any patient in the high dose group could receive in the 18 months study was 14. Moreover, the original protocol recommended that some patients with ARIA suspend their dosing and then restart and remain at a lower dose. ENGAGE enrolled its first patient in August 2015 and EMERGE began enrolling approximately one month later in September, 2015. Two key amendments were made to the protocols during the conduct of the study. In July of 2016, we amended the protocol to allow patients with ARIA who suspended dosing to resume aducanumab treatment at the originally assigned dose. And then in March of 2017 as I mentioned, the protocol was amended to increase the high dose for ApoE4 carriers from 6 to 10 milligram per kilogram after titration. Taken together, these protocol amendments had the effect of allowing more patients to receive their target dose. Since enrollment in ENGAGE had begun and remained ahead of EMERGE, overall more patients in EMERGE were impacted by the protocol amendments and received the 10 milligram per kilogram dosing of aducanumab. On March 21, 2019, we announced the termination of EMERGE and ENGAGE following the outcome of a pre-specified futility analysis. The futility analysis was based on efficacy data on all patients in the two trials who had enrolled early enough to have had the opportunity to have completed the 18 month study period by December 26, 2018. Futility criteria which were pre-specified in the statistical analysis plan would be met if both arms of both trials were predicted to have had less than 20% probability of being positive on the primary endpoint at the end of the study. This probability used pool data from the two trials to predict the future behavior of the remaining patients. This is a well accepted statistical methodology for two trials that are identical in design, such as EMERGE and ENGAGE. However this pooling methodology assumes no large heterogeneity between the studies. At the time of the futility analysis, EMERGE was trending positive, while ENGAGE was not. We did not understand the drivers of these different results. While we did know that the protocol amendments could have had differential effects on the two studies, due to the relative timing of enrollment. We did not anticipate the magnitude of the effect this would have on the data. Following the discontinuation of EMERGE and ENGAGE, additional data from these studies became available, namely the 2,066 patients who had the opportunity to complete the full 18 month study period by March 20th as well as all 3,285 patients who had enrolled in the trials in whats known as the intent to treat or ITT population. Importantly, once we had applied the pre-specified statistical analysis to the larger dataset, we were excited to see that EMERGE met its primary endpoint on CDR Sum of Boxes or CDR-SB. CDR-SB scores are obtained through clinician interviews of patients and caregivers and assess three domains each of cognition and function, namely memory, orientation judgment and problem solving, community affairs, home and hobbies and personal care. Specifically in the intent to treat population, patients from the high dose aducanumab group showed a 23% reduction in clinical decline from baseline in CDR-SB scores at 78 weeks with a p-value of 0.01. The corresponding results in the opportunity to complete or OTC dataset was also 23% with a nominal p-value of 0.03. The low dose group also had less decline on the CDR-SB than placebo. However, the differences were smaller than in the high dose group and did not attain statistical significance. In EMERGE, patients on high dose aducanumab also showed a reduction in clinical decline as measured by the pre-specified secondary endpoints. Specifically, we saw a 15% reduction in clinical decline as measured by MMSE with a p-value of 0.06, a 27% reduction in clinical decline as measured by ADAS-COG13 with a p-value of 0.01 and a 40% reduction in clinical decline as measured by ADCS-ADL-MCI with a p-value of 0.001. A small numeric advantage for low dose over placebo was observed on all endpoints except for MMSE, MMSE and ADAS-COG measures of cognitive performance in domains relevant to Alzheimers disease such as memory, orientation and language. ADCS-ADL-MCI on the other hand is a caregiver rated assessment of activities of daily living, including conducting personal finances, performing household chores such as cleaning, shopping and doing laundry and independently traveling out of the home. In ENGAGE, the primary endpoint was not met though the low dose showed results similar to the low dose of EMERGE. Results of the ITT and OTC analysis of the secondary endpoints in ENGAGE showed no statistically significant differences in decline on MMSE ADAS-COG13 or ADCS-ADL-MCI compared with placebo. However, small numeric advantages for the low dose of a placebo were observed on these endpoints. In addition to the clinical data, we observe supporting data from multiple biomarkers, imaging of amyloid plaque deposition in both studies demonstrated that treatment with aducanumab resulted in a dose and time dependent reduction in amyloid plaque burden compared to placebo with p-values less than 0.001. The magnitude of reduction in the high doses is similar to that seen in the Phase 1b study. aducanumab also demonstrated an impact on CSF biomarkers of tau pathology. A statistically significant reduction on CSF phospho-Tau levels was observed in EMERGE and ENGAGE with a dose proportional response in EMERGE. aducanumab produced a numeric reduction in CSF total-Tau levels in EMERGE and ENGAGE with a dose proportional response in EMERGE. Although the primary and secondary endpoints were not met in ENGAGE in post analysis, the subset of patients who received sufficient exposure to 10 milligram per kilogram aducanumab in this case, at least 10 doses of 10 milligram per kilogram showed similar results to the comparable population from EMERGE, in terms of both amyloid plaque reduction and reduced clinical decline on CDR-SB. The safety and tolerability profile of aducanumab in EMERGE and ENGAGE was consistent with previous studies of aducanumab, with the most commonly reported adverse event being ARIA-E and headache. Although the underlying cause of ARIA-E is not well understood, it is likely that the MRI signal of ARIA-E is due to increased extra cellular fluid. The majority of patients with ARIA-E did not experience symptoms during the ARIA-E episode and ARIA-E episodes generally resolved within 4 to 16 weeks, typically without long-term clinical sequelae. We plan to present further details on the new analysis of the larger dataset from aducanumab at the C Type Meeting in December, which we plan to webcast. So to summarize, first, across multiple clinical endpoints, the larger aducanumab dataset demonstrated a statistically significant reduction of clinical decline in early Alzheimers disease patients in EMERGE, and we believe that data from a subset of ENGAGE support these findings.Second, exposure to high dose aducanumab was important for efficacy and differences and exposure to high dose aducanumab largely explain the different result of futility analysis and the new analysis of this larger dataset as well as the different results between the two studies. Finally, following consultation with the FDA, we believe it is reasonable to submit a regulatory filing for aducanumab based on these data. As Michel and Al mentioned, the past that brought us to today was long and complex. We will be working with our investigators to redose eligible patients who had previously participated in the aducanumab clinical trial, and we look forward to working with the FDA as well as regulators around the world to find a path to make the drug available to patients. Most importantly, we envisage a future where physicians may finally have an option to offer patients to help reduce clinical decline in Alzheimers disease. Ill now turn it back over to Al.
Al Sandrock: Thank you, Samantha. We believe that these positive results for aducanumab represent a turning point for patients, caregivers, physicians and scientists in the fight against Alzheimers disease. More broadly, we believe these results represent an inflection point in neuroscience drug development and validate our core strategy, by demonstrating the removal of aggregated forms of amyloid beta can result in improved clinical outcomes, we believe these results have positive implications for BAN2401, a distinct antibody that also targets aggregated amyloid beta that we are currently evaluating in a Phase 3 study in early Alzheimers disease in collaboration with Eisai. More generally, we believe these data may have positive implications for additional assets in our portfolio that target the casual pathobiology of neurodegenerative disease, particularly those validated by human genetics. These include our Tau directed assets for Alzheimers disease and primary tauopathies, our alpha-synuclein antibody for Parkinsons disease and our SOD1 and C9ORF targeting antisense oligonucleotides for ALS. Given our depth of expertise, our deep and interconnected neuroscience pipeline including nine additional readouts expected by the end of next year, we believe that Biogen is uniquely positioned to capture the opportunity in neuroscience, and potentially deliver a suite of breakthrough therapies for diseases of the nervous system. With that in mind, let me now review the highlights across the rest of our pipeline in the third quarter. Starting with MS, this quarter we announced positive top line results from EVOLVE-MS-2, a Phase 3 study of VUMERITY or diroximel fumarate, a novel oral fumarate for relapsing remitting multiple sclerosis compared to TECFIDERA. The remedy was statistically superior to TECFIDERA on the studies pre-specified primary endpoint, the individual gastrointestinal symptom an impact scale with a p-value of 0.0003. The proportion of patients who discontinued due to GI adverse events during the five-week treatment period was 0.8% for VUMERITY and 4.8% for TECFIDERA. Of note, discontinuation rate for TECFIDERA is similar to that observed in the Phase 3 studies of TECFIDERA in which 4% of patients discontinued due to GI events. Earlier this month, Alkermes received a tentative approval from the FDA for VUMARITY. We are working with our Alkermes and the agency to secure final approval as quickly as possible. Moving to TYSABRI, previous analysis of real world data from the US TOUCH registry demonstrated that extended interval dosing of TYSABRI reduced the risk of PML by between 78% and 99% in this population. However, whether extended interval dosing preserves the efficacy profile of TYSABRI remains an open question. To this end, at last months ECTRIMS meeting, we presented data on the efficacy of extended interval dosing with TYSABRI using data from the TYSABRI Observational Program. After propensity score matching, the results indicated that there was no significant difference in annualized relapse rate or risk of relapse between the two groups. And we recently completed enrollment for the Phase 3b NOVA study of TYSABRI, a two year randomized prospective trial that will directly compare the effectiveness of every six-week dosing versus the approved every four-week dosing regimen after at least one year of standard dosing. Also this quarter the EMA updated the labels of AVONEX and PLEGRIDY to remove pregnancy contra-indications, and where clinically needed to allow use during pregnancy and breast feeding in women with relapsing MS. With these updates interferon-beta therapies are the only MS Therapies in Europe that can be considered for use in MS patients throughout the full course of pregnancy. This is important, given that women are diagnosed with MS at least 2 to 3 times more frequently than men and women are often affected during their childbearing years. Turning to our progress in neuromuscular disorders, at last months Congress of the European Pediatric Neurological Society, we presented new interim data from the open label shine extension study of SPINRAZA in children with later onset SMA. Now, including data on patients up to 15 years of age followed for up to six years, this analysis demonstrated that in star contrast to the natural history of SMA patients with Type 2 SMA treated with SPINRAZA demonstrated improvements in motor function as assessed by the Hammersmith Functional Motor Scale Expanded and patients with Type 3 SMA treated with SPINRAZA demonstrated stable Hammersmith scores and improvement in distance walked. No participants discontinued treatment due to adverse events. And no new safety concerns were identified. Taken  Taken together, these data again underscore the robust durable efficacy and well-established longer term safety profile of SPINRAZA across a broad range of SMA patients. Also this quarter we published data from the nurture study of SPINRAZA in pre-symptomatic infants in the journal neuromuscular disorders. Data from the nurture study showed that all patients treated with SPINRAZA were alive and achieved the ability to sit without support, non required permanent ventilation, 92% achieved walking with assistance and 88% achieved walking independently. Given SPINRAZA is well-characterized safety profile, we recently announced a Phase 2/3 DEVOTE study to evaluate whether a higher doses of SPINRAZA can provide even greater efficacy than the currently approved dose. Our review of PK/PD data suggested individuals with higher CSF concentrations of SPINRAZA achieved greater improvements in CHOP INTEND and motor milestones. As with any therapy that is developed to address high end men need, companies who lead need to continue to continually explore ways to optimize their treatment. Building on the success of SPINRAZA, we aim to build a broader neuromuscular franchise including ALS. At the meeting of the Northeast ALS Consortium held earlier this month, we presented new data on neurofilament levels assessed in the Phase 1/2 multiple ascending dose study to a person, our antisense oligonucleotide targeting SOD1 in patients with SOD1 ALS. As a reminder, previous data from this study showed that treatment with 100 milligrams of tofersen was associated with a statistically significant reduction in CSF SOD1 protein levels and trends toward slowing of clinical decline as assessed by three independent measures relative to placebo. This new analysis of the same population showed the baseline neurofilament levels in both the plasma and CSF were correlated with baseline disease activity. And treatment with 100 milligrams of tofersen reduced levels of neurofilament in both plasma and CSF. These data further highlight the concordance across datasets generated in this study, including target engagement, clinical and neurofilament data and thus illustrate the potential for an antisense oligonucleotides to target genetic drivers of neurodegenerative disease. In movement disorders, we continue to advance to Phase 2 study of BIIB092 or gosuranemab, an antibody targeting extracellular tau in PSP with data expected by the end of the year. In this Phase 2  if this Phase 2 study is positive, we believe we would be in a position to file for regulatory approval. In Parkinsons disease, we continue to progress the Phase 2 study of BIIB054, an antibody targeting extracellular alpha-synuclein. We expect data from the one year placebo controlled period of this study including data on safety, as well as neuro imaging based assessment of striatal dopaminergic transporter density in the second half of next year. Also this quarter, as we work to build further depth and movement disorders, we dosed the first patient in the Phase 1 study of BIIB094 an antisense oligonucleotide targeting leucine-rich repeat kinase 2 or LRRK2 in Parkinsons disease. Toxic gain of function mutations in LRRK2 constitutes the most common genetic cause of Parkinsons disease representing approximately 5% of all Parkinsons disease cases. In addition to LRRK2s role in familiar Parkinsons disease, data from the literature suggests that LRRK2 gain of function may also contribute to the pathogenesis of sporadic Parkinsons disease. As a result, this Phase 1 study will include Parkinsons disease patients with or without verified mutations in LRRK 2. Importantly BIIB094 leverages the same RNase H media degradation mechanism utilized by tofersen. With the addition of BIIB094 to our pipeline, we are now advancing ASOs targeting the most common genetic cause of Parkinsons disease, two genetic causes of ALS and taupathology, which underpin several primary and secondary tauopathies including Alzheimers disease. And we aim to build further depth across our ASO pipeline, as we continue to emphasize our focus on genetically validated targets and defined patient populations. In acute neurology, we continue to advance the Phase 3 study of BIIB093 or IV glibenclamide, for cerebral edema caused by large  large hemispheric infarction or LHI. As a reminder BIIB093 blocks SUR1-TRPM4 channels that are hypothesize to mediate brain edema following LHI. Given that these channels are also hypothesized to mediate expansion of Hematoma and Perihematoma edema associated with brain contusion, this month we dosed the first patient in a Phase 2 study of BIIB093 for brain contusion. Approximately 280,000 patients are hospitalized due to head trauma annually in the United States. And we estimate the contusions occur in approximately 25% to 35% of these patients. There are no pharmaceutical agents approved to mitigate contusion expansion, which is associated with worsened clinical outcomes. The primary objective of this new study of BIIB093 will evaluate the proportion of patients with brain contusion, who exhibited an expansion in contusion volume over the course of a 96 hour infusion of BIIB093 versus placebo. Importantly, we believe that the shared pathophysiologic features of LHI and brain contusion exemplify the interconnectivity of neuroscience that we are leveraging as we continue to increase the depth and breadth of our pipeline. This also highlights our strategy to produce  to pursue multiple indications for a given asset, particularly once we believe safety has been adequately established. And finally, in our Alzheimers disease portfolio, this quarter, we completed enrollment in the Phase 2 study of gosuranemab in early Alzheimers disease. And we continue to advance the Phase 1 studies of BIIB076, a distinct anti-tau antibody and BIIB080 an ASO aimed at reducing the expression of tau in the central nervous system. Taken together with the positive results of aducanumab, we believe that no other company is better positioned to deliver breakthrough therapies for Alzheimers disease. Overall, this was a historic quarter for Biogen and for the patients, caregivers, physicians and scientists around the world, who have been waiting decades for a therapy that can reduce the clinical decline of Alzheimers disease. With that I will turn the call over to Jeff.
Jeff Capello: Thanks, Al. Good morning, everyone. I will now review our financial performance for the third quarter of 2019. As Michel mentioned earlier, we had a strong financial performance in Q3 2019. Total revenues for the third quarter grew 5% year-over-year to approximately $3.6 billion, while GAAP earnings per share increased 17% and non-GAAP earnings per share increased 24%, both compared to the prior year. Overall, our MS business delivered revenues were approximately $2.3 billion in the third quarter of this year, including OCREVUS royalties for approximately $188 million, growing 2% versus the prior year. Global MS revenues in Q3, 2019 were stable versus the prior year with OCREVUS royalties and the total number of patients on our MS products globally continued to grow in the low single-digits versus the prior year. U.S. MS revenues in Q3, 2019 were impacted by a decrease in channel inventory of approximately $30 million compared to a decrease of approximately $5 million in Q3, 2018 and a decrease of approximately $30 million in Q2 2019. Global third quarter TECFIDERA revenues increased 3% versus prior year, as TECFIDERA delivered strong global patient growth of approximately 8% year-over-year. In the U.S., TECFIDERA revenues were flat year-over-year as TECFIDERA share of total prescriptions remained relatively stable compared to the last couple of quarters. Outside the U.S. TECFIDERA performed very well again in Q3 2019 with continued volume increases across all large European markets and Japan versus the prior year, somewhat offset by pricing pressure in several European countries. Q3 global Interferon revenues including both AVONEX and PLEGRIDY decreased 10% versus Q3 2018, due to the continued shift from the injectable platforms to oral or high efficacy therapies. TYSABRI worldwide revenues increased 3% versus the third quarter of 2018. We were pleased with this growth into TYSABRI revenues as it continued to perform well in the high efficacy segment. In the US, we grew TYSABRI revenues 4% year-over-year, as we continue to maintain stable TYSABRI share of total prescriptions compared to the last couple of quarters. Outside the US, we grew TYSABRI 2% driven by volume growth in several markets and favorable timing of shipments somewhat offset by pricing pressures. Overall, we were pleased with the execution of our MS franchise and the continued strong performance of our MS business in the third quarter. We remain focused on maintaining resilience and MS market leadership. Let me now move on to SPINRAZA. Global third quarter SPINRAZA revenues increased 17% versus prior year, and 12% versus the prior quarter to $547 million. In the third quarter SPINRAZA achieved year-over-year and quarter-over-revenue growth both in the US and outside the US, driven by continued patient growth across both mature and new markets. And we now have approximately 9,300 patients on SPINRAZA, including the expanded access program in clinical trials. In the U.S. revenues increased 6% versus Q3 2018 and 3% versus Q2 2019. The number of patients on therapy in the U.S. increased 3% as compared to the end of the second quarter of 2019. And importantly, we continue to make strong progress with adults. The largest patient segment with the number of adults on SPINRAZA growing 8% compared to the prior quarter, which is a third quarter in a row with upper single-digit growth. As a reminder, Zolgensma is competing in a limited portion of the market, specifically the approximately 5% of SMA patients were under 2 years old. Within that segment, we have begun to see some impact on SPINRAZA performance. Outside the U.S., revenues increased 27% versus Q3 2018 and 21% versus last quarter, driven by strong performance in established markets such as EU and Japan as well as key markets in both Latin America and Asia Pacific. We were pleased to see double-digit patient growth versus prior quarter outside the U.S. and we are now approved in over 50 countries. Additionally, we recently dosed the first SPINRAZA patients in China. Overall, we were pleased to see continued patient growth across the larger mature markets and continued rapid uptake from our recently launched markets. Given our expected continued patient growth and execution across many global markets, our established product profile and the significant market opportunity, we remain optimistic about our SMA business. In our biosimilars business, we generated $184 million this quarter, growing 36% versus prior year driven by IMRALDI. We estimate that we now have approximately 180,000 patients of biosimilars in Europe. Total anti-CD20 revenues in the third quarter increased 16% versus the prior year, primarily driven by OCREVUS royalties. Q3 OCREVUS royalties benefited by approximately $10 million due to adjustment related to prior periods. We continue to expect RITUXAN revenues to be impacted by the entry of biosimilars in the U.S. beginning next month. Total other revenues in the third quarter decreased 26% versus the prior year driven by the decline in our manufacturing services revenues due to our divestiture of the Hillerod plant. Importantly we continue to see geographic diversification of our revenue base, driven by growth in MS revenues outside the U.S., the continued market expansion of SPINRAZA and our growing biosimilars business. In the third quarter approximately 41% of our product revenues came from outside the U.S. versus approximately 37% in Q3 2018 and 32% in Q3, 2017. We aim to continue capitalizing on global growth opportunities, both our current commercial portfolio and our pipeline of products. Let me now turn to the expense lines on the P&L. Q3 2019 gross margin was 88%, an improvement versus both prior year and prior quarter, which were both 87% due to favorable cost of goods sold, product mix and higher margin contract manufacturing. Q3 GAAP and non-GAAP R&D expense were both 15% of revenue. R&D expense included approximately $58 million in trial closeout costs for both elenbecestat and BG00011. Q3 GAAP and non-GAAP SG&A expense were both 15% of revenue. Q3 GAAP other expense was $27 million and non-GAAP other expense was $23 million. In the third quarter, our GAAP tax rate was approximately 12% and our non-GAAP tax rate was approximately 16%. Compared to Q3 2018, our Q3 2019 GAAP tax rate benefited from the remaining amount realized from U.S. corporate tax reform, the change in our tax profile in Q2 2019 and recently enacted tax reform in Switzerland. In the third quarter, we repurchased approximately 3.1 million shares at an average price of $233 for total value of approximately $718 million. As of September 30, 2019, we had approximately $3.4 billion remaining on our 2019 share repurchase authorization, which now brings us to our diluted earnings per share. In the third quarter, we booked GAAP EPS of $8.39, an increase of 17% versus the prior year and non-GAAP earnings per share of $9.17, a 24% increase versus the prior year. We generated approximately $1.7 billion in net cash flows from operations in Q3. We ended the quarter with approximately $6.3 billion in cash and marketable securities and $6 billion in debt. I will now turn the call back over to Michel for his closing comments.
Michel Vounatsos: Thank you, Jeff. To summarize, first, the positive clinical results for aducanumab position Biogen to potentially lead the fight against Alzheimers disease. Second, these data validates Biogen strategy to focus on an interconnected neuroscience pipeline and productization of target supported by human genetics. Third, our base business continued to deliver solid performance in Q3 2019, driven by strong execution against our strategic priorities. Between now and the end of 2020, we expect continued progress as we aim to build a multi-franchise portfolio including nine additional mid to late stage data readouts, the expected launch of VUMERITY in the U.S. and submitting the regulatory filing for aducanumab in the U.S. while continuing dialog with regulatory authorities in international markets, including in Europe and in Japan. I am proud of the Biogen team for not being deterred by history of disappointment in the pursuit of Alzheimers therapies and more so for continuing their work of analyzing the clinical trial data with unprecedented focus and intensity even in light of an apparent futility results. This work reflects Biogens steadfast determination to follow the science, tackle the biggest challenges and do always the right thing for the patients. Finally, what is most important today is that in consultation with the FDA, we are excited to be moving ahead and preparing for regulatory filing for aducanumab on the ground of positive clinical results. And we will be redosing eligible patients from our Alzheimers trials as quickly as possible. This is a major step in the fight against Alzheimers disease and an important inflection point for Biogens neuroscience mission. We believe now more than ever that our core focus on neuroscience will enable us to maximize the value for all our stakeholders. First and foremost, for the patients as well as for our shareholders as the leader in neuroscience, we believe that no other company is better positioned to continue to deliver breakthrough therapies for diseases of the nervous system. We will continue to execute on our cost strategy to build a multi franchise portfolio across our core and emerging growth areas. We are inspired by the progress we have made in tackling Alzheimers disease and the broader scientific implications of the positive clinical results for aducanumab. I would like to thank all the Biogen employees in particular, those who have been working tirelessly on the aducanumab program and the many more who will contribute to this critical priority over time. I am incredibly grateful for all the patients, physicians and caregivers who have dedicated so much time and efforts to our Alzheimers clinical studies and advancing our understanding of this very complex disease. I would like to thank the FDA for their guidance, and independent scientific expertise throughout this process. We will now open up the call for questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Umer Raffat from Evercore ISI. Please go ahead.
Umer Raffat: Hello. If I may, I only have a question on aducanumab but its got three parts, and given the significance of the news today, I would really appreciate if you could bear with us on it. So my three parts are as follows: first, Im not attempting to correlate the two but Michael Ehlers departure ahead of this data announcement, just wanted to hear are those two things are related in anyway or not. Second, the implication in the data is that the high with insufficient exposure at the high dose, the second trial worked as well. But when we look at CDR Sum of the Boxes low dose actually looks more consistent than the high dose and also for patients that did not make it to the large opportunity to complete dataset, those patients actually especially in MMSE more consistent than the patients that did have a sufficient exposure. So I guess Im just trying to understand how spot on is that finding on patients that had a sufficient exposure and those are the ones that drove efficacy. Thank you so much.
Michel Vounatsos: Thank you, Umer. This is Michel. Mike decided to leave the company on his own and I can cannot thank him enough for his many contributions over the past three and half years to Biogen. So, thanks, Mike. And at the same time Im extremely confident in Als leadership as a clinician too, as a scientist to take the helm at the time where the R&D portfolio never been as stronger, the team also and the capabilities.
Al Sandrock: Umar, this is Al Sandrock, and I will turn it over to Samantha later for follow-up. But look, your point is well taken, the low dose is consistent across ENGAGE and EMERGE, and thats because the particularly the second protocol amendment, really affected the high dose arm of  in the carriers. So in the low dose arm or in the protocol amendments had less of an effect and I think thats one of the main reasons for the consistency in the results across the two studies. Ill turn it over to Samantha for a follow-up.
Samantha Budd Haeberlein: Yes, thats correct. Umar youll also see that in the high dose for ENGAGE that we do have a partial response on ADAS-Cog13, and the ADCS-ADL-MCI. And so the potential read that you have there on CDR-Sum of Boxes and MMSC is that these are potentially less sensitive as endpoints. So what Al said is that in the high-dose group we know that we have less doses than we  at the high dose than we had in EMERGE, and we also know that the studies were to some degree impacted by dose suspensions due to ARIA, so dosing is a complex combination of duration, magnitude and no interruptions.
Umer Raffat: Thank you very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Phil Nadeau from Cowen and Company. Please go ahead.
Phil Nadeau: Good morning. Thanks for taking my question. Its also, as you might imagine on aducanumab. I guess in two parts. First, if you pull the data from ENGAGE and EMERGE, would the pooled results still be positive on the primary endpoint and kind of related to that, could you give us some sense of what the differences between ENGAGE and EMERGE were in exposures at those high doses. It seems like the trials didnt start far apart, theres just a month, so kind of in response to the last question, you mentioned exposures rely on dose suspensions and whatnot. Can you give us some sense quantitatively of how different the patient populations at that high dose were in ENGAGE and EMERGE in terms of their exposure? Thank you.
Samantha Budd Haeberlein: Certainly. So the first part that if we pulled the outcomes on ENGAGE and EMERGE at the high dose essentially youll get an intermediate effect, not much more complicated than that. But we are looking at these stand-alone studies as two independently identically designed studies. The second part of the question, which I had forgotten actually,
Phil Nadeau: Differences in ENGAGE and EMERGE,
Samantha Budd Haeberlein: Yes, so they started one month difference between the two studies, as I mentioned and they remained different throughout the entirety of the studies and that initial one month at certain periods of the studies in particularly through the protocol amendments was greater in the middle of the studies and more details around this will come at the presentation in CTAD.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Terence Flynn from Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Terence Flynn: Hi, thanks for taking the question. Maybe two parts for me as well. Just wondering if you can share any additional commentary on the second Type C Meeting, did FDA agree that a single positive trial could be sufficient for approval or is that likely a review question? And then can you give us the rates of ARIA in the high dose arms of the two trials? Thanks.
Al Sandrock: Yes, hi, this is Al. Its generally our policy not to comment too much on the content of regulatory interactions. I will say though that they thought it was reasonable for us to submit an application to  for approval. So thats the main, that was the upside of the meeting.
Samantha Budd Haeberlein: And the second part of the question was on ARIA and high dose and that was consistent in incidence for the studies that we have previously reported, and well give more details on that at CTAD.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Geoff Porges from Leerink. Please go ahead.
Geoff Porges: Thank you very much and thanks for having Samantha on the call. Its very helpful. First, could you answer whether the analysis that you presented and presented to the agency has been independently verified. What confirmation of both the statistics and the results do you have? Secondly, do you have any intention or plans for a confirmatory pivotal trial to supplement these two trials? And then I hate to sort of push on the issue of the type, the FDA meeting but did the FDIC, the full analysis or did the FDA just here the company summary of the analysis? Thanks.
Al Sandrock: Let me with the last question and Ill let Samantha answer the first couple. First of all, the FDA did see the full analysis of both studies and I would also say that the only study we have planned right now is the redosing study and any further study, well update you as soon as we plan one.
Samantha Budd Haeberlein: Thanks, Al. Going to your first question, Geoff. Have we had independent review. As we mentioned, one of the first steps that we undertook was to engage external advisors to help us review this data and that did include independent statistical experts, but the data that we did take to the FDA as Al says was a full dataset, which was an analysis of the blinded data conducted using the same statistical analysis plan as we had originally planned for the end of the study. And the validity of the dataset was the first thing that we analyzed together with the FDA. To your second question on whether we are conducting another study. As weve mentioned, our next steps are twofold, one is the FDA indicated to us that it is reasonable for us to file these two studies, and for us to go ahead and put together a re-dosing study for the patients who were in previously enrolled studies of aducanumab.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Michael Yee from Jefferies. Please go ahead.
Michael Yee: Thanks. Thanks for the question. Appreciate it. Al or Samantha, I guess, just wanted to understand, ENGAGE a little bit more specifically in the high dose you appropriately say that there was a slightly negative trend overall in the high dose. But in the subgroup of exposure patients, which as you think about a third of it, they had a nice benefit. I guess the question is how do you think about the patients you did not have enough exposure, did they drive a strong negative trend? Are those patients at harm? How do you think about that since thats a huge majority of the patients and how is that explainable given the difference in EMERGE? Thanks.
Al Sandrock: Thanks, Michael. Ill start. Look, I dont think  first of all there is a slight negative. I would say that that was just basically no effect. And then those who did not have the high dose, I would not say that they had a negative effect, in fact, in many ways, there was either neutral or positive effect. But I would point out this, you remember the 6 milligram per kilogram dose arm in PRIME, that everybody was wondering about. You always ask me questions about it. I remember, Michael, and we thought that was an outlier. Well, maybe that wasnt the outlier. Maybe that was true in that the 3 milligram per kilogram that looked like it was trending was the outlier. So in other words, what Im saying is that there is a very sort of sharp dose response, if you will, you have to get to high dose of aducanumab and intermediate dosing at least in an 18-month trial is not enough.
Michael Yee: Okay. Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Cory Kasimov from JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Cory Kasimov: Hey, good morning guys. Thanks for taking my question. I guess first just to ask Phils question more directly, can you tell us yet how many patients got the 14 doses of 10 mg per kg in each study in the full dataset? And then as a follow-up, did you see any difference in ApoE4 carriers versus non-carriers, especially in the patients who completed after the futility cohort and would have had more exposure to the higher dose? Thanks.
Samantha Budd Haeberlein: Yes. So the first thing I want to mention is, in terms of the numbers of subjects who had the particular dataset that youre referring to more dose, more than 10 doses of 10 milligram per kilogram, theres more than a 10% difference between the two studies, but thats not the only parameter of difference that is important for dose. As Ive mentioned, you need to achieve high dose for long enough, but also have no interruptions, and so thats a more complex calculation between the two studies.
Michel Vounatsos: ApoE4 versus non.
Samantha Budd Haeberlein: So your question regarding ApoE4 carriers versus non-carriers, the analysis that weve conducted to date has been on the entire studies. And as weve mentioned for EMERGE, we have a positive but we met the primary endpoint for the entire patient population and details of subgroups is something that will come to later. And well have details at CTAD.
Cory Kasimov: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Geoff Meacham from Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Geoff Meacham: Hey, guys. Thanks for the question and all the detail on aducanumab. Al, I just have a couple of regulatory type of questions all related. If half of the EMERGE achieved significance at the high dose and none of ENGAGE achieved it, is it you guys expectations that the PRIME study could count as one of the two pivotals? Second one is, does a conditional approval, pending another successful Phase 3 did that come up in the FDA discussion? And then third, have you had any discussions with the European regulators on the data? Thank you.
Al Sandrock: Let me start with the last question first. So we have just started to contact the European regulators that we havent had any substantive discussions as of yet. In terms of the EMERGE and ENGAGE, I  we looked at  we look at ENGAGE in totality as a positive study that stands on its own. And remember, as Samantha said we use pre-specified primary and secondary outcomes, we didnt look at a subset. We looked at all the patients and based on that, we believe the study met its primary endpoint and the secondary endpoints as well. I think that whether or not a single trial can be approved, there are circumstances where an FDA can approve a drug based on a single study, its up to them to determine what those circumstances are, and so Ill just leave it at that and then I would say that ENGAGE, we believe, we showed the data for example in those who achieve sufficient exposure to 10 milligrams per kilogram. We do see evidence of efficacy. So I would say that EMERGE stands on its own, ENGAGE has supportive evidence, and I would also say that PRIME is supportive, its a well controlled Phase 1b, some may call it Phase 2 trial, and well submit all the data.
Samantha Budd Haeberlein: Just to add there, Al, EMERGE is the study that met its primary endpoints. I think you said ENGAGE.
Al Sandrock: Did I say anything wrong?
Samantha Budd Haeberlein: Yes.
Al Sandrock: Yes. I get confused in times.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Brian Abrahams from RBC Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Brian Abrahams: Hi there. Thanks for taking my questions. So a question, just a little more clarity on the ENGAGE study, for the subgroups of patients I guess for both ENGAGE and EMERGE with 10 interrupted  receiving 10 uninterrupted high doses. Can you talk about the baseline characteristics for the aducanumab verse placebo arms across both studies and how well balanced those were? And then, can you maybe help us understand how feasible was it for patients? I guess, once the protocol  was protocols, were amended to remain on 10 uninterrupted doses or is the lesson here that if you do need to temporarily discontinue for ARIA or whatever reason youre probably best off not restarting the drug? Thanks.
Samantha Budd Haeberlein: So, thanks. Thank you for the question. I want to point out that the analysis that we conducted in close consultation with the FDA around determining who in ENGAGE did have a response were exploratory analysis. And any time that you look at a subset of patients who you have very important questions in regards to whether they are balance for the baseline characteristics. The studies overall, were very well balanced for all baseline characteristics and as I mentioned, ApoE4 status. But those subgroups are exploratory in nature and they help us understand that dosing is important for efficacy. And in the context of an 18-month trial, one does tend to see that you need a certain number of doses for clinical benefit of aducanumab. However, thats not the same as one would anticipate in a real world situation where an individual is taking aducanumab for an extended period of time, for a dose interruption would likely be of less significance.
Al Sandrock: Yes, I agree with Samantha. I think that dose suspension in the context of an 18-month study was  it could be problematic, because they didnt achieve enough of the high dose. But in clinical practice, we dont do 18 month treatment periods. Were going to treat patients for longer periods of time. And in that situation I think dose suspension may be acceptable in some patients.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Matthew Harrison from Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Matthew Harrison: Great, thanks for taking the question. I guess a follow-up and sort of second question from me. So first one is, youve been talking about exposure and dose a lot. Could you just broadly comment on how many of these patients actually achieved all the factors that you were looking for and how easily you think that will be the case in clinical practice. And I guess, the related question to that is, dose exposure curve that youre sort of talking about Al. I mean, what were their characteristics that were different were the kinetics of the amyloid plaque reduction different in these subgroup of patients with the achievement of tau or amyloid reductions were they significantly different. Im wondering what you think is sort of biologically happen to account for this steep dose exposure curve [indiscernible]?
Al Sandrock: These were good questions Matthew and were still learning as we look at the data, but I would say this, the  even in MCI patient, if you look at the amount of amyloid in the brain, its tremendous. It took 20 years to build that much up and in the context of an 18 month trial, you have to remove a large amount of amyloid. I think thats what distinguishes as you aducanumab and BAN2401, is that we can  its safe enough to achieve the doses that allow us to remove a large amount of amyloid. And if you dont remove a large amount, youre not going to get an effect. Also there is a lag. You remove amyloid, and then there is a little bit of a lag for the clinical effect. We saw that in PRIME for example, where we did have some amyloid lowering of six months, but we saw no difference in the clinical outcomes at six months. It was  it took the 12-month time period to see  to start to see an effect on clinical outcomes. So in addition to a large amount of amyloid removal, I think you need to have a little bit of time for that, for that biological activity to have an effect on clinical outcomes Thats what we see and I would say that if you look at the amyloid-PET results that was on one of the slides and those who had more than 10 doses of 10 milligrams, you can see that the SUVR score is very similar in ENGAGE in that subgroup of patients in ENGAGE to the EMERGE total dataset. So  and so again, what it says is that if you give it enough of the high dose, you can achieve a certain amount of amyloid removal and that certain amount is whats required to see the reduction in clinical decline in an 18 month study.
Samantha Budd Haeberlein: Yes, Al just add to that, on the question of numbers. On the graph that youve just referred to, you got the end numbers. So they were 147 for EMERGE and 116 for ENGAGE in that CDR-Sum of Boxes analysis. But the question you ask of how many patients have the precise criteria? Well there arent precise criteria. Dose response is not binary. And so, given the levels of dose you have a different response and its a bit of a sliding scale. So we have that exploratory analysis that we disclosed to explain what it is we learned around the importance of dose, but there is no perfect number of doses that are required, its not binary.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ronny Gal from Bernstein. Please go ahead.
Ronny Gal: Hi everybody. And thank you for taking the question. And Im going to stay with aducanumab here. Im just kind of struggling with the movement from the Interim Futility Analysis to efficacy with relatively small number of patients. Just looking at the number of completed that you have here in EMERGE, you move from 803 patients in the futility analysis to 980 patients in the treatment. So its about 180 more patients. If we assume a third of those were on the high dose, 60 more in your total number of folks that you have amyloid beta that you calls got sufficient exposure is at the end of the trial, 127 I kind of wonder if there is just a very small number of patients that drove the entire movement. If you can discuss a little bit that issue of how many patients actually contribute to the difference between stopping the trial for futility and showing efficacy would be appreciated. And then Im going to  if you dont mind going to throw my second one in and it will be different, not to kind of just for the variability. And do you have any way to protecting the highest dose TYSABRI from biosimilars through the first-generation products. If you can discuss that at all, I would appreciate it. Thanks.
Al Sandrock: Ronny, this is Al. My head is swimming even just with the first question. But, so I think first of all you should remember that in EMERGE even at the time of this utility analysis, that study was trending positive as Samantha said. And then we add those additional patients and it didnt take that many now to then in the April dataset to see that  they had met its primary endpoint. And then I would also say that we also looked at the patients who had not completed 18 months, all the rest of the patients, which is roughly half the patients because we only looked at the first half, the first half of the enrollees for futility. So its a large number of patients that we ended up looking at and I remind you that result that you saw in that slide was all the patients in EMERGE, who had been randomized, the ITT population and it was using the prespecified primary and secondary endpoints. And then I now forgot the second question.
Ronny Gal: Before you jump into that if you look at the slide that you had Slide 22, the number of patient aducanumab that you have there is the number of patients received enough dose. The questions from some of my peers, was how many patients got exposed and both the numbers that were seeing on aducanumab on Slide 22 are the numbers we should be thinking about?
Samantha Budd Haeberlein: So I just want to recap that Slide 22 was a piece of exploratory analysis, it is not the subset, to be release are supported, its just a particular analysis to emphasize the point that there are subjects in ENGAGE, whom if they do have sufficient dosing, do support the outcome of EMERGE.
Al Sandrock: I would also say Ronny that the, PET was done in a subset of patients to  so the numbers that you see on the left side, which is the amyloid-PET are from  the only the subset who got the PET imaging.
Ronny Gal: And the numbers on the right, thats still not the complete set, this is just a  some sort of a subset.
Samantha Budd Haeberlein: Thats correct.
Ronny Gal: And the second question was around, high dose TYSABRI?
Michel Vounatsos: IP protection for TYSABRI.
Jeff Capello: So what we would say that Ronny its Jeff, is obviously what we can see kind of what happens with regard to the Phase 3 trials that are going on with regards to biosimilars and were supportive of biosimilars coming into the market. We obviously have biosimilars business. We just have to see how their products do and well deal with it when it comes.
Joe Mara: And probably we have time for about two more questions.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question comes from the line of Jay Olson from Oppenheimer. Please go ahead.
Jay Olson: Well, hi. First off, I want to congratulate you for hanging in there and delivering these aducanumab results today. This is very promising news for Alzheimers patients and their families. And second of all, I want to thank you for taking my questions. Can you comment on the clinical meaningfulness of aducanumabs efficacy profile and how does it line up with your target product profile in terms of improvements in cognition and function. Are there any gaps in the profile as you know it now, and how do you know if you optimize the efficacy at the 10 mg per kick dose or would it make sense to test higher doses? Thank you.
Michel Vounatsos: Jay, Ill start and then Samantha will follow up. We believe it is clinically meaningful, we heard that anything above 20% is clinically meaningful as a neurologist being the first drug of its  of its kind we have no drugs right now that affect the clinical decline in Alzheimers disease. This would be the very first. So anything North of 20%, we believe is clinically meaningful and I would also add that  in clinical practice. I think that MCI patients, will be  if approved though enjoy the benefit of living an more independent life for longer periods of time. If you look at that AD, the activities of daily living, Its a 40% effect and thats a caregiver assessment of whether or not that the patients can live independently, can do their household chores, etcetera so. Thats all very clinically meaningful results.
Jay Olson: Theres a question around the dose to 10 mgs?
Samantha Budd Haeberlein: Yes. So the question of whether we had achieved the correct dose. I think what we have learned clearly is that dose is very important, but that if individuals do receive 10 milligram per kilogram then they do have an efficacious response. I think the trials unfortunately were hampered by a number of operational and other implications that meant  that not enough patients got 10 milligram per kilogram, so we do believe that would be the correct dose.
Jay Olson: Great, thank you.
Operator: Your last question comes from the line of Paul Matteis from Stifel. Please go ahead.
Paul Matteis: Great, thanks for fitting me in. Really appreciate it. Within the high dose arm in the ENGAGE study, can you talk about the magnitude of plaque reductions you observed in patients who titrated all the way up to the highest dose versus patient who ever stopped at 6 mg per kg and I guess, does a differential magnitude of plaque reduction in those patients that Ill tell the same narrative youre seeing on the difference in clinical outcomes? And then can you just tell us anything else about other measures of function in the engage subset of patients, who titrated all the way up to 10 mgs per kg? Thanks so much.
Samantha Budd Haeberlein: Thank you. So, to your first question in amyloid plaque reduction, we do believe that PET measurement of amyloid plaque reduction is a very sensitive tool of dose and youve correctly identified that ENGAGE at the high dose is showing a lower reduction than in EMERGE and we do believe that, that is a clear reflection of the lower doses that were achieved in that high dosing group in ENGAGE. And the second question was.
Paul Matteis: Other measures that function...
Samantha Budd Haeberlein: Other measures that function. Yes, so the exploratory analysis that we have demonstrated for you, we focused on the primary endpoint, and we do not have the same analysis for the functional endpoints, but you do have those results for the overall study where even in ENGAGE, we do have some response on the functional scores, albeit not statistically significant.
Joe Mara: Okay, thank you. And Ill turn it back to Michel for some closing comments.
Michel Vounatsos: So thank you all for attending our Q3 call characterized by the go-to file decision for aducanumab with the US FDA, but also with a solid performance for the quarter. Today is about hope and opportunity for the patients first but also for the shareholders. Have a good day.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes todays conference call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2019 Q2  (2019-07-23 08:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning. My name is Regina, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Biogen Second Quarter 2019 Financial Results and Business Update. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Please limit yourself to one question to allow other participants time for questions. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. I would now like to turn the conference over to Biogen CEO, Michel Vounatsos. You may begin your conference.
Michel Vounatsos: Thank you. Good morning, everyone and thank you for joining us. I would like to start by thanking Matt Calistri for nearly four years he spent leading our Investor Relations program. We wish him the very best in this next endeavor. I would like to welcome Joe Mara, our new Vice President and Head of Investor Relations, who is a talented and energized finance and business leader with over 12 years of experience at Biogen across a number of functions. I am confident that Joe will prove to be a valuable resource for the investment community and I look forward to all of you getting to know Joe. Joe the floor is yours. Welcome.
Joe Mara: Thank you, Michelle. And welcome everyone to Biogen's second quarter 2019 earnings conference call. I look forward to getting to know all of you over the coming months. Before I begin, I encourage everyone to go to the Investors section of biogen.com to find the earnings release and related financial tables, including a reconciliation of the GAAP to non-GAAP financial measures that we will discuss today. Our GAAP financials are provided in tables one and two and table three includes a reconciliation of our GAAP to non-GAAP financial results. We believe non-GAAP financial results better represent the ongoing economics of our business and reflect how we manage the business internally. We've also posted slides on our website that follow the discussions related to this call. I would like to point out that we will be making forward-looking statements, which are based on our current expectations and beliefs. These statements are subject to certain risks and uncertainties and our actual results may differ materially. I encourage you to consult the risk factors discussed in our SEC filings for additional detail. On today's call I am joined by our Chief Executive Officer, Michel Vounatsos; Dr. Michael Ehlers, EVP of the Research and Development; and our CFO, Jeff Capello. We will also be joined for the Q&A portion of the call by our Chief Medical Officer, Dr. Al Sandrock. Now, I will turn the call back over to Michel.
Michel Vounatsos: Thank you, Joe. Now let me begin with some financial highlights. Compared to the same period a year ago, Biogen delivered solid topline and bottom line growth. Second quarter revenues grew 8% to $3.6 billion. Second quarter GAAP earnings per share grew 88% to $7.85 and non-GAAP EPS grew 58% to $9.15. Based on our strong performance year-to-date and our dated outlook for the second half of the year, we are raising our full year financial guidance, which Jeff will discuss in more details. Now let me review the highlights from the second quarter. First, revenues from our MS core business, including OCREVUS royalties increased 3% versus the prior year to $2.4 billion. Excluding OCREVUS, the total number of patients on our MS products globally grew in the low single digits versus the prior year. Critically, we are focused on addressing the IP challenge with TECFIDERA, while also preparing for the expected launch of VUMERITY towards the end of the year. Second, SPINRAZA global revenues grew 15% to $488 million driven by year-over-year revenue growth both in the US and outside the US. The number of commercial patients on SPINRAZA increased by approximately 12% from last quarter and we now have approximately 8400 patients on SPINRAZA, including the Expanded Access Program and clinical trial. Within the US, the number of SPINRAZA patients increased by approximately 4% versus Q1 which we believe demonstrates the potential for continued patient growth in the more mature markets. We were very proud to announce new data for the neutral study of SPINRAZA. We have continued to generate long-term data across broad patient populations which underscore the compelling safety and efficacy profile of SPINRAZA. Many are focused on the potential of new competition for SPINRAZA. While we welcome new options for patients, we believe it is premature to make assumptions about the ultimate uptake of emerging modalities given the large number of outstanding questions on the clinical profiles. Importantly, sorry, SPINRAZA remains the only SMA therapy approved for all age groups. Third, our biosimilars revenue grew 45% year-over-year to $184 million. We continue to deliver on our broad portfolio of anti-TNFs including the strong launch of IMRALDI, the market-leading biosimilar referencing in HUMIRA Europe. We estimate that the uptake of our biosimilars products will contribute up to $1.8 billion in healthcare savings across Europe in 2019, an important contribution to the long-term sustainability of the European healthcare systems that Biogen is proud to contribute to. We believe this business continues to demonstrate a strong trajectory with the potential to continue to drive growth. Fourth, we make continuous progress to develop and expand our pipeline as we work to build a multi-franchise portfolio. We added four clinical programs to our pipeline this quarter, including the two mid to late stage ophthalmology gene therapy programs we acquired through Nightstar, also an oral BTK for MS and an oral compound for sporadic ALS. In total, we have added 17 clinical programs over the past two and a half years as we have materially expanded and diversified our pipeline which now includes 27 clinical programs. Mike, will provide more details on the development across our entire pipeline. Fifth, we maintain our diligent focus on capital allocation to maximize potential shareholder returns. During the second quarter, we generated $2 billion in cash flow from operations and we benefited from the expiration of the contingent payments related to TECFIDERA. In the second quarter, we repurchased approximately 10.4 million shares at an average price of $231 per share for a total of $2.4 billion. As we have stated previously, we view share repurchase as an important element of thoughtful and value creating capital allocation. But at the same time, we have the financial flexibility and capacity to continue to evaluate potential external business development and M&A opportunities as evidenced by the 11 deals we executed over the past 2.5 years, including our recent acquisition of Nightstar. As we have demonstrated, we are committed to maximizing returns for our shareholders, while continuing to bring innovative service to patients something that demands a thoughtful approach towards all our investments over both the short and the long-term. In summary, Biogen continue to execute on our strategic objectives. We delivered solid financial results, raised our full year 2019 financial guidance, continue to progress our pipeline and were opportunistic and discipline with capital allocation. Our core MS business demonstrated resilience and delivered an all-time high quarterly revenues. SPINRAZA continue to grow into key markets, including mature markets such as the US and we presented compelling new data for the NURTURE study. We grew our biosimilars business driven by strong launch of IMRALDI. We added four new clinical programs to our pipeline and we generated significant cash as we focus on strategic - strategically allocating capital towards the areas we believe have the highest potential return. Before I conclude, I would like to discuss how Biogen is evolving its strategy to drive long-term growth. Together with our Board of Directors, we have reflected on the opportunities before us and we continue to believe that the core focus on neuroscience will lead to long-term shareholder value creation based on the large and growing epidemiology, breaking science and our deep neuroscience expertise and core capabilities. With that said, we are refining the five strategic priorities we outlined two years ago. Our overarching goals are to enhance our focus on our current commercial business, accelerate the areas with the most attractive opportunities to build new franchises, rebalance the risk reward profile of our pipeline, prioritize our investment based on clinical data and widen our lens to new therapeutic areas. Our first priority remains unchanged to maintain long-term leadership in MS and maximize the resilience of that franchise. Our second priority is to build out a broader leading franchise in our muscular disorders. We aim to bid [ph] on SPINRAZA as the most successful rare disease launch ever as we pursue multiple potential therapies for ALS, as well as in muscle strengthening program with potential applicability across a broad range of neuromuscular diseases. We have reported very encouraging results for tofersen in SOD1 ALS, and we believe this has positive implication for our broader portfolio targeting order form of the disease. Our third priority is to continue developing and expanding our neuroscience portfolio, while now also widening our lens to selectively follow the science into therapeutic adjacencies including immunology. Mike will provide more details on our strategy in R&D. Our fourth priority is to unlock the potential of biosimilars as a continued growth driver as we work to create financial headroom for innovation in the healthcare system. We aim to both increase the size of our biosimilars portfolio and expand geographically. And fifth in parallel, we will continue to drive efficiencies including adopting digitalization in our operating model through continuous improvement and we will be diligent in capital allocation as we aim to maximize returns for shareholders. We believe these priorities reflect both the recent progress we made and the most attractive opportunities ahead of us. We are working diligently to rebalance the risk profile of our pipeline leading us to prioritize the areas we believe have the greatest probability of success and highest potential return. Overall Biogen's purpose remains the same. We aim to transform patients life by pioneering and leading neuroscience and therapeutic adjacencies. I will now turn the call over to Mike for a more detailed update on our recent progress and long-term strategy in R&D.
Michael Ehlers: Thank you, Michel. And good morning, everyone. We are very pleased with the progress in our industry-leading neuroscience pipeline and with our expanding efforts in immunology. Illustrating the momentum in our portfolio, we look forward to 10 mid to late-stage readouts over the next 18 months. As Michel mentioned, our top priorities are to continue strengthening our franchise in MS and neuromuscular disorders. Beyond these priorities we are refining the emphasis within our core and emerging areas. To that end based on the opportunities we see following our acquisition of Nightstar Therapeutics, we now view ophthalmology as a core growth area. Moreover, recognizing the potential of our existing assets and long-standing expertise in immunology we can now consider this to be an emerging growth area. Diving in, let me begin with advances we made in the second quarter to secure long-term scientific leadership in our MS and neuromuscular franchises. At the annual meetings at the American Academy of Neurology and the consortium of multiple sclerosis centers, we presented new interim data from EVOLVE MS-1, an ongoing single-arm open-label 2-year Phase III study, evaluating the safety and efficacy of diroximel fumarate to be marketed as VUMERITY if approved by the FDA in patients with relapsing-remitting MS. Interim results in 696 MS patients showed that treatment with diroximel fumarate was associated with a 79% reduction in the annualized relapse rate over one year when compared to baseline, with an 83% reduction in newly diagnosed patients. The mean number of gadolinium-enhancing lesions in patients treated with diroximel fumarate was reduced by 77% compared to baseline in the total population and by 96% in newly diagnosed patients. Over one year the rate of gastrointestinal adverse events leading to discontinuation was 0.7%. GI tolerability of diroximel fumarate versus TECFIDERA is been evaluated in the ongoing EVOLVE MS-2 study. This study is now near completion and we expect results in coming weeks. I am also pleased to announce that we have dosed the first subject in the Phase I study of BIIB091, a highly potent and selective small molecule inhibitor of Bruton's tyrosine kinase or BTK. BTK is a non-receptor tyrosine kinase that regulates development and signaling of B cells and myeloid cells that are hypothesized to contribute to the pathogenesis of MS. Notably BIIB091 is in non-covalent innovator of BTK which we believe together with its high potency and selectivity has a potentially best-in-class profile. This placebo-controlled single and multiple ascending dose study will evaluate the safety, tolerability, pharmacokinetics and pharmacodynamics of BIIB091 in healthy adults. Turning to our progress in neuromuscular disorders. At the Cure SMA Annual Conference and the 5th Congress of the European Academy of Neurology, we presented new interim data from the NURTURE study of SPINRAZA in presymptomatic infants with SMA. Now including up to 45 months of analysis, this ongoing open-label study once again highlighted the remarkable efficacy profile of SPINRAZA. Specifically, of the 25 presymptomatic patients with SMA treated with SPINRAZA in this study 100% were alive, none required tracheostomy or permanent ventilation. 100% were sitting independently and 92% were walking independently or with assistance. In addition, patients were approaching the maximum score of 64 on the CHOP INTEND measure of motor function. At last visit, patients with three SMN2 copies achieved a mean score of 63.4 out of 64 and patients with two SMN2 achieved a mean score of 62.1 out of 64. Importantly, these data also showed that the overwhelming majority of patients had achieved these motor milestones within the timeframe of normal development. Given the robust, durable efficacy of SPINRAZA across a broad range of SMA patients, its well established longer-term safety profile with the reversible targeted mechanism of action and unsurpassed real-world experience, we believe SPINRAZA will remain a foundation of care in SMA for years to come. Moreover, we believe that SPINRAZA demonstrates the transformative potential of antisense oligonucleotide therapies to dramatically alter the course of diseases of the nervous system. We are excited by the depth of our ASO pipeline targeting the genetic underpinnings of a range of neurological diseases such as ALS. Specifically, as we described during our recent ALS webcast, we are targeting genetic forms of ALS where modulation of genetic target is causally linked to disease. For instance, we continue to advance the Phase 3 VALOR study of tofersen, an antisense oligonucleotide designed to degrade SOD1 mRNA and SOD1 ALS. We believe that this study has the potential to support registration for this devastating genetic form of ALS. We have now finalized the Phase 3 study design, which includes 99 patients treated with 100 milligram tofersen or placebo. Over the course of this 20 weeks  28 week study, patients will receive three loading doses over the first 29 days, followed by maintenance doses every four weeks. Based on the final stage three study design, we expect a readout from this study in 2021. We also continue to advance the Phase 1 study of BIIB078, an antisense oligonucleotide targeting hexanucleotide repeat expansions in C9ORF72, the most common genetic cause of ALS. Data from this study are also expected in 2021. Further, we are pursuing novel scientifically driven drug targets for the larger opportunity in sporadic ALS. To this end, I am pleased to announce that the first patient was dosed in the Phase 1 study of BIIB100 for sporadic ALS last month. BIIB100 is a small molecule inhibitor of exportin 1 or XPO1, a nuclear transport factor that mediates the export of many proteins from the cell nucleus to the cytoplasm. With BIIB100, we aim to test the hypothesis that reducing nucleoprotein export may prevent the formation of neuronal cytoplasmic inclusions and thereby slow the clinical progression of sporadic ALS. In movement disorders, the Phase 2 study of our anti-tau antibody BIIB091 or gosuranemab in progressive supranuclear palsy is fully enrolled with data expected in the second half of this year. We believe the positive data from this study could potentially support a regulatory filing. Also this quarter we completed enrollment of the Phase 2 study of BIIB054, a monoclonal antibody targeting extracellular alpha-synuclein for Parkinson's disease. Parkinson's disease is the second common neurodegenerative disorder with the prevalence of approximately three million patients across the G7 and no available treatment to slow its inexorable progression. Aggregation of misfolded alpha-synuclein and degeneration of nigro-striatal dopaminergic neurons represents hallmark pathologies of Parkinsons disease and genetic data from familial Parkinsons disease shows that alpha-synuclein can play a causal role in Parkinsons disease pathogenesis. In the second half of next year, we expect to receive data from the one year placebo-controlled period of this study. This will include safety data as well as a neuro imaging-based assessment of striatal dopamine transporter density. Beyond BIIB054, we expect advance up to two new antisense oligonucleotide programs for Parkinsons disease into the clinic by the end of the year. And in Alzheimer's disease and dementia, this quarter our collaboration partner, Eisai, dosed the first patient in the Phase 3 study of BAN2401 for early Alzheimers disease and continued to advance the Phase 3 study for Elenbecestat, also for early Alzheimer's disease. In parallel, we continue to advance our portfolio of tau-directed therapeutics including gosuranemab in Phase 2, BIIB076, a distinct anti-tau antibody in Phase 1, and BIIB080, an antisense oligonucleotide targeting tau mRNA currently in Phase 1, being developed in collaboration with Ionis Pharmaceuticals. Further, we are advancing a suite of next-generation preclinical programs pursuing genetically validated targets for defined subsets of Alzheimers disease and dementia patients. Moving to neurocognition, we continue to advance the Phase 2b study of BIIB104 for the treatment of cognitive impairment associated with schizophrenia. Last month the FDA granted fast track designation to BIIB104 for this indication. BIIB104 is a first-in-class AMPA receptor potentiator that we believe has compelling data from a number of distinct early clinical studies. Data from this Phase 2b study are expected in late 2020. As I mentioned earlier, we view immunology as an emerging growth area for Biogen that takes advantage our long-standing in-house expertise in this area. This quarter we completed enrollment of the Phase 2 study of BIIB059, a humanized monoclonal antibody that binds BDCA2 for cutaneous lupus erythematosus, or CLE and systemic lupus erythematosus, or SLE. As shown in the Phase 1 study of BIIB059 recently published in the General of Clinical Investigation, treatment with BIIB059 led to BDCA2 internalization on plasmacytoid dendritic cells, as well as decrease interferon pathway activation, reduced immune infiltrates and skin lesions, and decreased cutaneous disease activity in patients with SLE and CLE. With limited available treatment options and a prevalence of approximately 800,000 patients across the G7, we aim to bring forward a potentially new disease modifying therapy to this area of high unmet need. Data from this study are expected by the end of this year. Further, in collaboration with UCB, we plan to initiate a Phase 3 program with the - in the first half of next year for dapirolizumab pegol, an anti-CD40 ligand pegylated fab in patients with active SLE despite standard-of-care treatment. This decision is based on the promising results of the Phase 2b clinical trial. Interim data from this study were presented at the European Congress of Rheumatology last month. As part of the ongoing process of balancing risk and opportunity within our pipeline, we continue to strategically prioritize our programs and disease areas. To that end, we have decided not to initiate the Phase 3 trials for Vixotrigine or BIIB074 in trigeminal neuralgia this year, although we will continue with Phase 3 preparation activities in advance of a potential initiation next year. We will continue to evaluate our trigeminal neuralgia program and we will assess the potential initiation of Phase 3 studies next year. We continue to advance the Phase 2 study of Vixotrigine in small fiber neuropathy and now expect to readout from that study in 2021. In addition, we continue to enroll the Phase 3 study of BIIB093 for the prevention and treatment of severe cerebral edema in patients with large hemispheric infarction with the potential launch as early as 2022. We also expect a Phase 2 readout of TMS007 in acute ischemic stroke by the end of next year. Finally, emphasizing our focus on genetically validated targets in defined patient populations to rebalance pipeline risk, let me conclude by highlighting our recent acquisition of Nightstar Therapeutics. We are extremely excited to join forces with this talented team of drug developers to address serious genetic causes of blindness for which there are no current treatment options. This acquisition accelerates our entry into ophthalmology with the potential to deliver first-in-class gene therapies to patients suffering from severe retinal diseases. Our lead drug candidate, NSR-REP1 now known as BIIB111 is an AAV-based gene therapy delivered by targeted sub-retinal injection for the treatment of choroideremia, a rare degenerative disease that inevitably leads to blindness, for which there are no current therapies. In Phase 1/2 trials, treatment with BIIB111 via subretinal injection was associated with the higher rate of maintained vision and in a subset of patients, a meaningful improvement in visual acuity, suggesting that BIIB111 has the potential to significantly alter the course of this disease. We expect data from the Phase 3 STAR trial of BIIB111 in the second half of next year. Our second clinical stage asset NSR-RPGR now known as BIIB112 is an AAV-based gene therapy targeting X-linked retinitis pigmentosa or XLRP. Like BIIB111, BIIB112 is delivered by targeted subretinal injection. Data from the Phase 1/2 dose-escalation study showed promising signals of early efficacy, including increases in central retinal sensitivity as measured by microperimetry. Phase 2/3 dose expansion study of BIIB112 is currently enrolling with data expected in the second half of next year. These diseases, which inevitably lead to blindness and the associated severe disability are part of a larger set of inherited retinal diseases which have been estimated to afflict up to 200,000 patients in the U. S. alone that maybe amendable to similar genetic medicine solutions. We look forward to leveraging our newly acquired leading clinical platform in specialty ophthalmology to potentially expand the future opportunity across inherited retinal diseases. As Michel mentioned, including our new Nightstar assets, we added four clinical programs to our pipeline this quarter, BIIB111 for choroideremia, BIIB112 for X-linked retinitis pigmentosa, BIIB091, a small molecule BTK inhibitor for MS, and BIIB100, a small molecule XPO1 inhibitor for sporadic ALS. In total, we have added 17 clinical programs over the past 2.5 years as we have continued to expand our pipeline. And we expect to advance up to three additional programs into the clinic in the second half of this year, including up to two new antisense oligonucleotide programs for Parkinsons disease. As we widen our strategic lens, we will continue to mitigate risk by seeking later stage assets, prioritizing targets that have been validated by human genetics, deploying biomarkers in early stage clinical programs and leveraging our asymmetric capabilities and expertise in neuroscience. With 10 mid to late stage readouts over the next 18 months including 8 Phase II readouts the Phase III readout of BIIB111 and head-to-head data for VUMERITY, we believe we are poised to reinforce our core franchises in MS and neuromuscular disorders build for their depth in our neuroscience portfolio and followed the science into emerging areas. Above all, we remain focused on our goal of developing transformative medicines from patients living with devastating neurological diseases.  I will now pass the call to Jeff.
Jeffrey Capello: Thanks, Mike. Good morning everyone. I'll now review our financial performance for the second quarter 2019 starting with revenues. As Michel mentioned earlier, we had a very strong Q2, 2019 from a revenue perspective. Total revenues for the second quarter grew 8% year-over-year to approximately $3.6 billion. Overall our MS business delivered revenues of approximately $2.4 billion in the second quarter 2019, including OCREVUS royalties of approximately $183 million, growing 3% versus the prior year. Global MS revenues in Q2 2019 were stable versus the prior year without OCREVUS royalties. US MS revenues in Q2, 2019 were impacted by a decrease in channel inventory of approximately $25 million compared to a decrease of approximately $50 million in Q2, 2018 and a decrease of approximately $175 million in Q1, 2019. In addition this quarter we benefited from lower than anticipated discounts and allowances, which is not expected to continue for the rest of the year. Global second quarter TECFIDERA revenues increased 6% versus the prior year driven by revenue growth both in the U.S. and outside the US. U.S. TECFIDERA revenues were impacted by decrease in channel inventory for approximately $10 million in the second quarter 2019 compared to a decrease of approximately $40 million in Q2, 2019 and a decrease of approximately $110 million in Q1, 2019. We were pleased to see a continued increase in the share of new prescriptions for TECFIDERA in US and for the second consecutive quarter our share of new prescriptions exceeded our share of total prescriptions. Additionally, our share of new prescriptions in the US for TECFIDERA is now its highest point since the launch of OCREVUS. Outside the US, TECFIDERA performed very well in Q2, 2019 with continued volume increases across all large European markets and Japan versus the prior year somewhat offset by pricing pressure in several European countries. In total TECFIDERA delivered strong global patient growth of approximately 8% year-over-year. Q2 Global interferon revenues including both AVONEX and PLEGRIDY and decreased 11% versus the second quarter of 2018 due to the continuing shifts from the injectable platforms to oral or high-efficacy therapies. Within the US AVONEX and PLEGRIDY were impacted by decrease in channel inventory of approximately $5 million compared to a decrease of approximately $10 million in Q2, 2018 and a decrease of approximately $50 million in Q1, 2019. Outside the US, interferon revenues benefited by approximately $10 million with channel dynamics within Europe. TYSABRI worldwide revenues increased 2% versus the second quarter of 2018. Within the US, TYSABRI revenues were impacted by a decrease in channel inventory of approximately $10 million compared to relatively stable levels in Q2 2018 and a decrease of approximately $15 million in Q1 2019. We were pleased to see stability in TYSABRI revenues in the US along with growth outside the US versus the prior year. We believe the recent launch of Mayzent has primarily impacted GILENYA so far with minimal impact on TECFIDERA and TYSABRI in the second quarter. Overall, we were pleased with the execution of our MS franchise and a strong performance of our MS business in the second quarter. We continue to be focused on maintaining resilience and MS market leadership. Let me now move onto SPINRAZA. Global second quarter SPINRAZA revenues increased 15% versus the prior year to $488 million. In the US revenues increased 12% versus the second quarter 2018 and 3% versus Q1 2019, driven by continued patient growth, which we believe demonstrates that SPINRAZA has the potential for continued steady growth in larger more mature markets. The number of patients on therapy in the US increased 4% as compared to the end of the first quarter of 2019. Since its approval in late May, we have not seen a meaningful impact from Zolgensma on SPINRAZA performance in US. As a reminder, Zolgensma is only indicator for children under two years old, which represents approximately 5% of the prevalent market. In the US, we continue to make strong progress with adults. In the second quarter, we were pleased to see approximately 50% of new starts were adults and the number of adult patients in the US increased by approximately 7% versus the first quarter 2019. We still believe there is a large opportunity remaining, as weve only reached approximately 20% of the adults in the US. And as a reminder, this is the largest patient segment representing approximately 60% of the SMA market. In the US, we observed discontinuation rate is relatively low, currently in the mid-single digits on an annualized basis. Outside the US revenues increased 19% for the second quarter 2018, driven by continued new country launches and increased penetration across all major geographies. In total, outside the US, the number of commercial SPINRAZA patients increased approximately 17% versus the prior quarter. We recorded revenues from over 40 international markets in the second quarter. During the past quarter, we secured broad reimbursement in the UK, Ireland and Argentina. As a reminder, we believe the global opportunity for SPINRAZA is significant and even greater than we had initially anticipated. We estimate that there are over 45,000 individuals with SMA in the markets where Biogen has a direct presence, including attractive markets of Asia Pacific and Latin America. Versus Q1 2019, ex-US revenues decreased 13%. As we previously mentioned on our last earnings call, Q1 revenues benefited from a positive pricing adjustment of $14 million in France and the timing of shipments across several international markets, which can be lumpy at times, affecting the quarter-over-quarter comparison. In the second quarter, ex-US revenues were also impacted by the continued transition from loading to maintenance doses in more mature markets. Although, overall ex-US revenues declined due to quarterly dynamics - excuse me, we saw quarter-over-quarter patient growth in the mid single digits across the larger more mature European markets, as well as Japan, significant patient growth in Turkey and strong double-digit patient growth across multiple markets in Asia Pacific and Latin America. Overall, we were pleased to see continued patient growth across the larger mature markets and continued rapid uptick for more recently launched markets. Given our expected continued patient growth and the execution across many global markets, our established product profile and the significant market opportunity, we remain optimistic of our SMA business and its trajectory. Let me now move on to our biosimilars business, which generated $184 million this quarter, growing 45% versus the prior year. We estimate, there are now over 170,000 patients using our biosimilars in Europe. BENEPALI has continued to grow in volume and market share across Europe, strengthening its leadership position in markets such as Germany, the UK, Norway and Denmark. We were pleased to report that BENEPALI has now become the number one prescribed embryo biosimilar across the major EU5 markets. FLIXABI volume grew 96% versus the prior year. IMRALDI volumes grew 40% versus 44% versus Q1 2019 and it continues to be the leading launched HUMIRA biosimilar across Europe. The IMRALDI autoinjectors have been well received in the market and continues to build on our success with BENEPALI and offering an improved patient experience at a lower price point. In a recent study comparing the IMRALDI autoinjector device with the HUMIRA device, 85% of nurses and 78% of patients prefer the IMRALDI device. Our biosimilars business along with SPINRAZA has help drive geographic diversification of our revenue base. We aim to continue capitalizing on global growth opportunities for both our current commercial portfolio and our pipeline products. Total anti-CD20 revenues in Q2 increased 18% versus the prior year, primarily driven by OCREVUS royalties. Q2 OCREVUS royalties benefited by approximately $17 million due to adjustment related to prior periods. We continue to expect RITUXAN revenues to be impacted by entry of biosimilars in US beginning in the fourth quarter of this year. Total other revenues in the second quarter increased 47% versus the prior year. These revenues tend to be lumpy and difficult to predict. Let me now turn to gross margin performance. Q2 2019 gross margin was 87%, an improvement versus Q1 2019 following the sale of most of the remaining inventory in the first quarter which carried a very low gross margin. Q2 GAAP and non-GAAP R&D expense were both 13% of revenue. Q2 R&D benefited from both savings related to aducanumab, as well as the timing of spend. As a reminder, the second quarter 2018 R&D expense included $324 million related to the upfront payment to Ionis. Q2 GAAP R&D expense also included an additional $162 million related to our equity investment in Ionis. Q2 GAAP SG&A was 16% of revenue and non-GAAP SG&A was 15% of revenue. The increase in GAAP SG&A expense versus the prior year was primarily due to approximately $33 million in acquisition-related charges incurred in connection with our recent acquisition of Nightstar. Q2 GAAP other expense was $197 million including $174 million in net losses on investments, principally driven by a decrease in the fair value of our equity investment in Ionis, as well as a realized loss on the sale of Ionis stock versus the prior quarter. In Q2 2019 non-GAAP, other expense was $19 million. In Q2, our GAAP and non-GAAP tax rates were both approximately 14%. During the second quarter, we completed the change to our tax profile. This resulted in a decrease of 500 basis points to our GAAP tax rate and a decrease of 430 basis to our non-GAAP tax rate for the second quarter. This benefit is not expected to recur post 2019. We repurchased approximately 10.4 million shares in the second quarter at an average price of $231 for a total value of approximately $2.4 billion. We completed our 2018 share repurchase authorization. And as of the end of the second quarter, we get approximately $4.1 billion remaining on our 2019 authorization, which now brings us to our diluted earnings per share. In the second quarter, we booked GAAP EPS of $7.85, an increase of 88% versus the prior year and non-GAAP earnings of $9.15, a 58% increase versus the prior year. As a reminder, Q2 2018 GAAP and non-GAAP EPS were impacted by a total of $2.84 and $1.52, respectively related to BD transactions affecting year-over-year comparisons. We generated approximately $2 billion of net cash flows from operations in the second quarter and this quarter the continued payments related to TECFIDERA expired. We ended the quarter with approximately $4.3 billion in cash and marketable securities and $5.9 billion in debt. Let me now turn to our updated full year guidance for 2019. We expect revenues of approximately $14 billion to $14.2 billion, which represents year-over-year growth of approximately 4% to 6%, which is an increase from our initial guidance of 1% to 3% growth. This range is driven primarily by uncertainty in channel inventory levels in the US at the end of the year. We anticipate GAAP and non-GAAP R&D expense between 15.5% and 16.5% of sales, a slight decrease from prior guidance. This reflects a savings from the termination of the Phase 3 studies aducanumab, as well as additional operating expenses for the Nightstar programs we acquired. We expect GAAP SG&A expense to be approximately 16% to 17% of revenues and non-GAAP SG&A expense to be approximately 15.5% to 16.5% of revenues. We expect our GAAP tax rate to be approximately 17% to 18% and our non-GAAP tax rate to be approximately 15.5% to 16.5%. We anticipate full year GAAP diluted EPS of $29.60 to $30.40, representing growth of 37% to 41% versus 2018 and non-GAAP diluted EPS to be $31.50 to $32.30, representing growth of 20% to 23% also an increase versus prior guidance. Of note this guidance does not include any impact from potential acquisitions or large business development transactions as both are hard to predict. I'll now turn the call back over to Michel for his closing comments.
Michel Vounatsos: Thank you, Jeff. Biogen demonstrated strong commercial execution this quarter and we continue to apply our world class capabilities expertise to progress our pipeline, all while maintaining a diligent focus on continuous improvement and strategic capital allocation. Between now and the end of 2020, we expect continued progress as we aim to build inventory franchise portfolio, including 10 mid to late stage data readouts in MS, PSP, lupus, epilepsy, Parkinsons disease, cognitive impairment associated with schizophrenia, stroke and ophthalmology, and potential regulatory approval in the US for VUMERITY in MS. Finally, I want to reiterate our commitment to maximizing returns to our shareholders and bring innovative participation over the long-term. These demands that we continue to allocate capital efficiently, effectively and appropriately. As we have demonstrated in the past, we will always strive to have an optimal capital structure, as well as aim for superior returns from the investment we make. As we are closing a solid quarter, I would like to step back and comment on what we stand for as a company and how we conduct our business. We believe doing the right things for patients, employees, the environment and the communities we serve will help build sustainable value for all our stakeholders including our investors. After 41 years, we are extremely proud of our track record and commitment to sustainability. Finally, I would like to thank our employees around the world who are dedicated to making a positive impact on patient's lives and all of the physician, caregivers and participants in our clinical development programs, our past and future achievements could not be realized beyond the passion and commitment. With that, we will open the call for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Cory Kasimov with JPMorgan.
Cory Kasimov: Hey. Good morning, guys. And thank you for taking my question. So want to ask about SPINRAZA. And it sounds like there hasn't been an impact thus far from Zolgensma at least to-date. But I am curious if you're seeing any signs of potential warehousing of the minority portion of the SMA patients that are currently eligible for gene therapy? And how you're thinking about the growth outlook for the product when considering a nice year-over-year jump in sales, but another quarter-over-quarter decline before competition potentially kicks in? Thanks.
Jeffrey Capello: So Cory, this is Jeff. So this point we don't see - we haven't seen any indication that there maybe any warehousing, I mean, it's difficult to tell. But there is no impact at this point in time. I mean, as we mentioned patients were up pretty well year-over-year and they were up sequentially. And if you look at kind of the larger segment of that patient pool which is the adult segment, it's 60% of the market, weve only penetrated 20% of that, and Zolgensma was not indicated for that. So we think there is ample opportunity to grow within the US and continue to kind of post impressive patient numbers. Outside the US, you know, the opportunity frankly is larger. And if you look at the chart that we put out last quarter, we originally thought that the epidemiology within SMA was 20,000. We now think its 45,000. So there is more patients outside the US within the US. We can continue to open up new countries. And our experience in US and in the large European market would indicate that we can continue to kind of penetrate the mature markets and open up new markets. So we think, it's a good growth opportunity in front of us. 
Michel Vounatsos: Mike? 
Michael Ehlers: Yeah, Cory, Ill add to that. Well, I mean, clinically one thing that's - that you need to consider and this is for what Zolgensma indicated for is the under age two - usually the more severe SMA patients for which time is really critical. We know that the time of treatment even before symptoms but certainly as a function of symptoms stage is really essential. So that would tend clinically to be a very different from a typical kind of scenario where you might be waiting for a different new treatment.
Michel Vounatsos: So let me share the underlying uptake of patients behind this very successful launch is the most, I will say, positive news in mature markets and in emerging geographies where we are gaining access. So we remain confident. Obviously there are more clinical trials in that space too and its still the early days for this new therapeutic alternatives. And we welcome alternative for patients based on the severity of the disease.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Terence Flynn with Goldman Sachs.
Terence Flynn: Hi. Thanks for taking the question. Maybe a two part. Just wondering Michel or Jeff, if there any original steps youre considering to bolster your balance sheet here beyond the sale of Hillerd facility? And then you are fairly active on the repo front this quarter. Just - should we expect that pace to continue through the second half of the year? And should we read into it as a sign of your confidence in your TECFIDERA IP? Thanks a lot.
Michael Ehlers: So, one of the many hallmarks of Biogen is a company with very strong cash flows. We generated $3.4 billion of operating cash flow within the first six months and we've now had the expiration of the TECFIDERA Fumapharm payments. So at this point in time there is really no intent to kind of - if you mean by change the balance sheet, lever up the balance sheet is certainly not the intent. The company generates a lot of cash. With regard to uses of cash, I think we've been very consistent that our capital allocation strategy is centered around optimizing of the capital allocation to maximize shareholder value and we'll continue to do that and the good thing is we've got ample capacity to do that, either vis--vis share repurchase or continuing to add assets to the clinical pipeline, business development, or M&A. So I would look for us to be active across the board, because well have the capacity, it's very strong company from that perspective.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Umer Raffat with Evercore.
Umer Raffat: Good morning. Thanks so much for taking my question. I wanted to focus on TECFIDERA for a second. And it seems that a few ANDA filers have withdrawn their ANDAs and the case has been dismissed under a joint stipulation. So my question is, has there been a formal settlement, because we haven't seen a press release or did those ANDAs just not meet bioequivalence?
Jeffrey Capello: So Umer, this is Jeff. We're not going to comment on the specifics of our IP situation, only to say that, as Michelle has said, a lot of interest in kind of getting it resolved.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Geoffrey Porges from SVB Leerink.
Geoffrey Porges: Thank you very much for taking the question. And congratulations on the good numbers in the quarter. I suppose, I have to ask follow-up on aducanumab. Previously, you disclosed that you are continuing to monitor the patients in the study and to see whether there was any evidence of clinical effect from the - in the pivotal studies with prolonged exposure. Could you share with us what you have found with that extended follow-up? And secondly, in that context, how much are you continuing to invest in the amyloid hypothesis and particularly in 2401 and Elenbecestat, could you kind of reconcile those two for us? Thanks.
Michel Vounatsos: Geoff, thank you for asking this important question. Obviously, since we did not present at AIC it is clear to everybody that we are not ready. We are not finished with our analysis of the data, first available at the cutoff date of the futility analysis, but also the data that is coming after the cutoff date of the futility. So Biogen said and will continue to follow the science and these analyses have critical importance, as you can imagine, for the patients, for the community, for public health and also for all the stakeholders. And at the same time, Biogen is trying to new frontiers, which is difficult to define. So we will present the results of ENGAGE and EMERGE studies at the future medical meetings and I hope you appreciate that we cannot say much more at this stage.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Michael Yee with Jefferies.
Michael Yee: Hey, thanks. Good morning. Appreciate the question. I had a question for Al Sandrock if he's there, or Mike, but that was regarding the comments around BIIB092 the tau PSP study. I know you completed enrollment, I guess, late fall last year, so the data is coming like you alluded to. Maybe just talk to how we should put into context the Phase 2b? How much confidence you would have on the end point, but perhaps more importantly, if there are pre-specified endpoints you're looking at sub-groups? What's important to you define supporting the tau hypotheses for tauopathies or more importantly Alzheimer's? Thanks so much.
Al Sandrock: Yeah. Michael, this is Al. So the - we've been saying that the results will be available at the  later this year toward the end of this year. As you know, in the earlier phase studies we showed about 90% decrease in CSF-free tau. And so we definitely have target engagement, because the antibody was given intravenously and we looked in the CSF at tau. So we have target engagement in CNS. What we're hoping to see is an effect on the rating scale for PSP, which is not that different from the Parkinson's rating scale. As you know, there are - it has many of the - shares many of the features of Parkinson's disease, but there are some additional features that relate to PSP that will also be measured. And yeah, the big question right now is we have target engagement. We have lowered CSF tau. We're hoping to catch the tau as it spreads. The abnormally - the misfolded tau that spreads from cell-to-cell, there is a lot of great data that - there's prime like propagation in the CNS and PSP and in other tauopathies and well see whether or not we catch it as it tries to spread and have a clinical effect.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ronny Gal with Bernstein.
Ronny Gal: Good morning. And thank you for taking my question. Just couple of quick things on pipeline. On the PSP trial just following on Cory, how many of those patients had tau in their brain imaging? I know that wasn't available ahead of the trial, but I suspect you did it during the trial. And second Mike I noticed your investment in Skyhawk couple of weeks ago. Care to share with your roughly how long before you'll have an oral SME product in the clinic?
Michael Ehlers: Okay. Yes, thanks for the question. I'll take both of those. First of all, just one point of clarification with tauopathy and PSP. The current PET imaging tracers for tau don't recognize the form of tau that accumulates in PSP, recognizes the form of tau that accumulates in Alzheimer's disease. This has to do with three hour versus four hour tau. So just to clarify that. None of them would have been imaged because there hasn't been an ability to image tau in the brain before that. On Skyhawk, yeah, that collaboration is proceeding very nicely. Were working on several targets with them. We are zeroing in on potential new clinical candidates. We don't have a timeline just yet, but I would say that we're very, very happy with the progress on many targets in this way and we hope to get some to the clinic over the next couple of years let's say.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Phil Nadeau with Cowen and Company.
Phil Nadeau: Good morning. Thanks for taking my question. Just one question on the EVOLVE MS2 trial, you mentioned that data is going to be next few weeks. Could you do remind us to design of the study? And in particular aside from GI tolerability, what other data is going to be disclosed in the top-line release? And how you would frame risk-benefit just like you come of the space, so what would be a meaningful GI tolerability improvement in your mind?
Al Sandrock: Hi, Phil. This is Al Sandrock. So, it's basically a head-to-head study against TECFIDERA. The primary outcome measure is a patient-reported outcome on GI tolerability and were looking at essentially all aspects of GI tolerability, whether it's upper or lower, the severity, the duration and hopefully what we'll get at the end of it is an incidents, the idea of the difference in the incidence of GI tolerability events between comparison with TECFIDERA, as well as severity. And talking to our - the prescribers, the MS prescribers, incidence is probably the most important thing. Although, ultimately, you want to try to improve compliance, so we'll also be looking at things like discontinuation rate and which as Mike said in the EVOLVE 1 study, we had a very low discontinuation rate. So, were hopeful that we'll see a nice comparison to TECFIDERA in this EVOLVE 2 study.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Matthew Harrison with Morgan Stanley.
Matthew Harrison: Hey, good morning. Thanks for taking the question. I just want to follow-up on something Phil said. Can you just talk if you are able to achieve the profile that you've talked about with VUMERITY in terms of, let's say, lowering your incidence? I mean, how does that impact how do you think about the drug commercially. Would you expect to be able to try and switch TECFIDERA patients who are already stable, and because I know mostly GI effects come early in drug or how should we think about VUMERITY commercially if you are able to achieve that profile? Thanks.
Michel Vounatsos: So thanks for the good question. Obviously, we need to consider the outset that the patients on TEC after the four, five, first weeks are stabilized that they are doing fine. So the strategy is not to switch, the strategy is to expand.
Al Sandrock: Yeah, I mean most physicians that I talked to would not want to switch somebody who is done well, who stabilized the initial phases of taking TECFIDERA and or doing well in terms of tolerability. Of course, if there is breakthrough disease you would consider switching probably to a different mechanism of action.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Salim Syed with Mizuho.
Salim Syed: Hey, guys. Thanks for taking the question. Mike or Al, I had a question for you actually. You guys have mentioned in the past, I believe that you are looking at new MS targets. And I was curious what your thoughts were on EBV as a target? Thank you.
Michael Ehlers: Yeah. So, this is Mike. Look I'll say this has been a long-standing interesting hypothesis. We've really rejuvenated our effort on early targets in MS and novel target including something that might be virally based and other sales based. So early days in a lot of that. But we've created a new highly dedicated group, focused on early stage MS research in novel mechanisms. And so where we see an opportunity, independent of modality we will advance that.
Al Sandrock: The EBV is a very interesting virus, so if you look at epidemiological studies and MS, particularly out of Harvard School of Public Health. There is a strong implication that EBV infection precedes the onset of MS. It's very tantalizing that the B-cell follicles that are in CNS in the sub-meningeal space generally they are EBV positive. EBV effects B-cell function and B-cells are, obviously, important in MS as seen by all the drugs that are directed against B-cells, ocrelizumab and BTK inhibitors have seem to have efficacy. So, I think in some ways EBV is very interesting as a causal virus. However, in terms of treatment, once the virus activates the immune system toward an autoimmune state, I don't know whether getting rid of the virus will help. These B-cell follicles molecules in the CNS, perhaps getting rid of the EBV positive B-cells there maybe helpful. But treating the virus itself, you'd have to design a study very, very early, perhaps even before MS even starts.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Brian Abrahams with RBC Capital Markets.
Brian Abrahams: Hi, there. Thanks for taking my question. Appreciate the strategic updates, and congrats to Joe on his new role. You talked about immunology as more formalized area of focus. I was wondering if you can speak a little bit broadly about how you plan to approach the space, maybe which of your assets you expect to prioritize? And then potential BD and future commercial strategy that you're thinking about within immunology? Thanks.
Michael Ehlers: Sure, Brian. This is Mike. I'll start out with that. So we are very happy about this where we're going to start with focus is where we've got existing assets and or expertise. By and large right now thats really going to start with our lupus program it include BIIB059, the BDCA2 antibody and dapirolizumab pegol, this anti-CD40 ligand Fab. And from that we will look at things that touch on that either within that indication space or perhaps in and around those mechanisms to expand. It will start with those places where weve got existing assets and or capability. We think it fits very nicely with a lot of the ongoing programs and things that we're otherwise doing. It also - Id say on the business development front does give us an ability to look somewhat more broadly at external opportunities we might be able to use for either early or late supplementation of the pipeline.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Paul Matteis with Stifel.
Paul Matteis: Great. Thanks so much to taking the question. I wanted to ask a question on business development. What is Biogens thinking on the ongoing delays with the Roche Spark deal and what that might mean for your ability to do M&A in areas where you already have a strong presence? For example, you have a pretty broad pipeline and assets either in your pipeline or marketed in a lot of areas of neurology. Does the delay that's going on which seems to be about therapeutic overlap make you at all reluctant to be more aggressive in M&A in areas where you already have a presence? How did this complicate things, if at all? Thanks.
Michel Vounatsos: So it's always difficult to kind of I think what you're getting at is kind of antitrust. I think we will take a careful approach as we look at business development. But we don't see that deterrent, to be active from BD or M&A perspective, we will certainly be careful as kind of look at targets. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Evan Seigerman with Crdit Suisse.
Evan Seigerman: Hi, guys. Thank you for taking the question and congrats on the progress. One for Al and Michael, so with the recent failure of base inhibitor reported by Amgen, Novartis why does Biogen continue to pursue development of Elenbecestat? And generally given the failure of a beta antibodies, what gives you confidence that targeting tau is the right approach for AD?
Michael Ehlers: So Evan, why don't I take the beginning of this? Of course you know, we're highly aware of all the announcements in and around base inhibitors and resent Novartis and Amgen announcement of the termination, theyre discontinuing their base inhibitors. So we're highly aware of this. I would say patient safety is paramount in our clinical trials, including the Mission AD1 and Mission AD2 trials for the base inhibitor that is being conducted in collaboration with our collaboration partner Eisai. Those studies have independent data in safety monitoring board that reviews the data regularly from those Phase III studies. And to-date the DSMB has recommended the studies proceed. They have an ability to look at that data when they want and they are certainly aware of the likewise the safety signals and discontinuation of other programs and they will be assessing as it goes along. As BAN2401, I'll refer back to what Michel commented on earlier, which is that we are in the midst of very thorough analysis of all the ENGAGE and EMERGE data from aducanumab which is an extensive data set and we would like to have a full understanding of that data before we make a specific forward development decisions on BAN2401.
Michel Vounatsos: I think we have time for about two more questions.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Carter Gould with UBS.
Carter Gould: Great. Thanks, guys. I guess for Michel or Michael, as far as your comments earlier around rebalancing the risk reward of the pipeline it sounded like that was really kind of externally focused, but I wanted to ask if there is any sort of thoughts underway to also revisit maybe our existing programs and any change there in sort of the hurdle for moving programs forward? Any color there would be appreciated? Thank you.
Al Sandrock: Yeah. Carter, good question. So I mean, the few things we would say to maybe flush that out a little bit. I mean, we've had an ongoing effort over some time to really look at the risk reward profile and that means to be able to balance risk in different categories and include things like seeking later stage assets where we can, taking advantage of unique capabilities where we see them leveraging our debt in certain areas like MS and neuromuscular, where we've got very strong franchises, and likewise going after the types of disease where weve got high confidence, things where there you've got genetically defined targets and genetically defined patient populations. And you can see examples of that in our pipeline that have been very intentional. These include things like VUMERITY, as a very good example of rebalancing risk, supporting our MS franchise. I think, you see that within our Nightstar acquisition and the mid to late stage clinical programs in gene therapy there, Choroideremia and X-linked retinitis pigmentosa. And hopefully that came across in my emphasis on our confidence in our ASO platform and ASO programs that we've been advancing collaboration with Ionis. In addition to that, I think, and Michel spoke to this, we look to our important clinical readouts, our 10 upcoming clinical readouts in the next 18 months as trigger points, to help define and refine the areas that we really want to concentrate resource and activity on in the future.
Michel Vounatsos: If I may just add to the good comments made by Mike, it's also the opportunity to widen the strategic plans and important readouts in the coming months in BIIB059 in lupus. So stay tuned.
Operator: Our final question will come from the line of Mohit Bansal with Citigroup.
Mohit Bansal: Great. Good morning and thanks for taking my question and a very warm welcome to Joe from our side as well. So quickly on guidance, it appears to be indicating a slight decline or maybe flat revenues in the second half versus the first half. You mentioned inventory. But could you please provide little bit more granularity on the process or thought process for remainder of the year. Is RITUXAN biosimilar which is the bigger factor here? Thank you.
Michael Ehlers: So were not  we have a policy of kind of giving guidance twice a year and not doing it by the product level, but what I can do is kind of maybe point you to some areas within the historical numbers. Certainly, in the first quarter, Bioverativ inventory sale certainly helped the first quarter inventory growth. You have to look at that. That was a one-time type element. We also, in the second quarter - the MS business was quite strong as a result of the less of an inventory dry down and some gross-to-net favorability, which we don't expect to continue. And then, two other factors that I would highlight is, SPINRAZA will face some more difficult comparisons in the second half of this year compared to the second - first half of this year. The numbers get bigger. And then finally, the RITUXAN and GAZYVA we've said all along that we expect competition to come in the fourth quarter. So if you look at all those factors, it would indicate there would be little more strength in the first half versus the second half.
Mohit Bansal: Got you. Very helpful. Thank you.
Michael Ehlers: Yeah.
Michel Vounatsos: So thank you all for attending our call today. Another very strong quarter for our company, very exciting times at Biogen nowadays. Thank you. Talk to you soon.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this will conclude today's call. Thank you all for joining. And you may now disconnect.

===== 2019 Q1  (2019-04-24 08:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning. My name is Jessa, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Biogen First Quarter 2019 Financial Results and Business Update. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Please limit yourself to one question to allow other participants time for questions. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. I would now like to turn the conference over to Mr. Matt Calistri, Vice President, Investor Relations. You may begin, sir.
Matt Calistri: Thank you and welcome to Biogen's first quarter 2019 earnings conference call. Before we begin, I encourage everyone to go to the Investors section of biogen.com to find the earnings release and related financial tables, including a reconciliation of the GAAP to non-GAAP financial measures that we will discuss today. Our GAAP financials are provided in Tables 1 and 2. Table 3 includes a reconciliation of our GAAP to non-GAAP financial results. We believe non-GAAP financial results better represent the ongoing economics of our business and reflects how we manage the business internally. Weve also posted slides on our website that follow the discussions related to this call. I would like to point out that we will be making forward-looking statements, which are based on our current expectations and beliefs. These statements are subject to certain risks and uncertainties and our actual results may differ materially. I encourage you to consult the Risk Factors discussed in our SEC filings for additional detail. On today's call, I am joined by our Chief Executive Officer, Michel Vounatsos; Dr. Michael Ehlers, EVP of Research and Development; and our CFO, Jeff Capello. We will also be joined for the Q&A portion of the call by our Chief Medical Officer, Dr. Al Sandrock. Now, Ill turn the call over to Michel.
Michel Vounatsos: Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us. First let me start with some financial highlights. Biogen started 2019 with first quarter revenues of $3.5 billion, an increase of approximately 11% compared to the same period a year ago. First quarter 2019 GAAP earnings were $7.15 per share, an increase of 29% versus the same period a year ago. First quarter 2019 non-GAAP earnings were $6.98 per share, a 15% increase versus the same period a year ago. These results were driven by solid execution of our strategy to maximize the resilience in MS, progress in our dual launch of SPINRAZA, expand our anti-TNF biosimilar success in Europe, create a leaner and simpler operating model and prioritize our capital allocation efforts with the goal of maximizing shareholder returns. Let me expand on capital allocation. We remain focused on investing in areas with the highest potential benefit for patients and return for our shareholders. In addition to investing in our organic pipeline collaborations and acquired programs, we have made strategic investments in our operations, our biosimilars joint venture, our next-generation manufacturing facility that we are building in Solothurn, Switzerland. We have also taken measures to unlock capital that can be redeployed for higher return such as our agreement to sell our Hillerd, Denmark manufacturing operations to FUJIFILM for up to $890 million. In addition, we have allocated capital with the proposed acquisition of Nightstar Therapeutics. Following the discontinuation of aducanumab, we viewed repurchasing our own share as an area with high potential return and announce a $5 billion share repurchase program. So far in 2019 Biogen has repurchased approximately 4.5 million shares for approximately $1.1 billion and our previously announced 2018 share repurchase program. We have $1 billion remaining under that program, plus $5 billion from our new repurchase program announced in March. We are committed to maximizing the value of our investments and to allocating capital and resources towards the areas we believe to be of the highest potential return something that demands a thoughtful approach over both the short and the long-term. Capital allocation includes the investment we have made in our pipeline. Over the past two years we have added 13 clinical programs and most recently announced our plan to acquire Nightstar Therapeutics. When we articulated our strategy almost two years ago, we identified four core and four emerging growth areas, as we widen our lens to diversify. We have made meaningful progress towards this diversification and have entered into new therapeutic areas, while building depth in our core growth area of neuromuscular diseases and movement disorders and potentially accelerating our entry into ophthalmology. In addition, we continue to advance other assets and pursue therapeutic adjacencies with scientific promise. Today we have 23 programs in clinical development, including BIIB098, which has been filed with the FDA. And we expect 10 mid to late-stage clinical readouts by the end of 2020. In addition two [ph] more mid to late stage clinical assets assuming completion of the Nightstar acquisition. Let me now address three critically important topics. First, the discontinuation of aducanumab and its short-term implications TECFIDERA IP challenges and the outlook for SPINRAZA. First I will address the discontinuation of aducanumab. We are in the business of discovering and developing breakthrough treatments to meet unmet medical needs. The unfortunate reality is that the pursuit of this objective is not always successful. The results for aducanumab are a terrible disappointment for the patients and families desperately hoping for a scientific breakthrough. Our scientists, researchers, medical professionals and as humans we share this disappointment. We followed the science and the outcome was not as we hoped, but we followed the science. I am incredibly proud of everyone at Biogen involved in this journey. We believe that the learning from the aducanumab trials will better position us to potentially attack this terrible disease successfully in the future. Importantly, for our remaining programs focused on targeting beta-amyloid BAN2401 and Elenbecestat, we are analyzing the results from the Phase 3 studies of aducanumab and the Phase 2 study of BAN2401. The learnings from these data will inform our view of the development of BAN2401 and. Elenbecestat. We plan to continue to advance our tau programs in Alzheimer's disease. BIIB092, BIIB076 and 080BIIB080. Beyond the disappointment of aducanumab this outcome takes nothing away from everything else we have accomplished. What we aim to deliver in terms of operational performance over the near term, what we believe we can accomplish in the future with the rest of our pipeline. Biogen is the world's leading neuroscience focused biopharmaceutical company. We intend and expect to remain the leader in the discovery, development and treatment of neurological diseases, while we will also continue to progress our very interesting compounds in lupus and idiopathic pulmonary fibrosis or IPF. We will continue working towards our goal of a multi-franchise portfolio, by growing our pipeline and executing on our strategy. In the short-term, we remain focused on solid quarter-over-quarter execution, financial discipline and our high return capital allocation priorities. And we will continue to pursue opportunities to improve business performance, explore indication expansions, look for ways to accelerate time-to-market for our clinical programs, optimize our clinical resources and manufacturing capacity. Biogen has key competitive advantages. We have deep scientific and clinical development expertise in neuroscience, global commercial expertise including market access, as evidenced by a leading MS, SMA and European entity NS biosimilars commercial portfolio, world-class biologic manufacturing capabilities; and last but not least, a highly talented and energized team, fully committed to realizing the value of the investment we have made in our organic pipeline, collaborations and acquired R&D with the goal of delivering the highest return to our shareholders. As we have communicated in the past, our strategy is long-term-leadership in neuroscience. That is still our reality today. Now, I will address TECFIDERA intellectual property. First, we appreciate that there are many questions regarding our U.S. intellectual property for TECFIDERA, which is being challenged in an inter partes review or IPR in the patent Office and a litigation in District Court. Let me remind you that our 514 patent which covers TECFIDERA and expires in 2028 has been very carefully scrutinized by the U. S. Patent Office multiple times. There was already an IPR before the PTAB where we prevailed, and we were also successful in an interference proceeding. We continue to believe we have valid patents. Nonetheless, we are appropriately preparing for all possible outcomes. Importantly, ahead of the outcome of the IPR and District Court and the Litigations, we shall have the opportunity to launch VUMERITY, a novel oral fumarate disease modifying treatment that has the potential to be another important choice for MS patients. The FDA has accepted the NDA filing of VUMERITY and we expect a regulatory decision in the fourth quarter of this year. VUMERITY has a composition of matter patent with a base expiration date in 2033. It is a priority that we appropriately maximize the potential of VUMERITY. Finally, I will address the outlook for SPINRAZA. Many of you are focused on the potential of upcoming competition for SPINRAZA. While we welcome the options for patients, we continue to believe that SPINRAZA will remain the standard of care in SMA for years to come. There are approximately 7,500 patients on SPINRAZA worldwide, including the EAP and clinical trials with over 7,000 patients having real world experience in the post-marketing setting. We have clinical data following patients for up to six years. The efficacy and safety profile of SPINRAZA in the post-marketing setting has been viewed very positively by patients and physicians. And we believe the NURTURE study of pre-symptomatic infants demonstrates the remarkable efficacy profile of SPINRAZA. Overall, we expect SPINRAZA to continue to grow, as we aim to reach a global patient population that we believe is larger than what we initially estimated. The Biogen team is standing up proud, while taking the current situation very seriously. As always, we are committed to working for patients with unmet medical needs and maximizing shareholder value creation by investing in the areas that we believe have the highest potential return. I will now turn the call over to Mike for a more detailed update on our recent progress in R& D.
Michael Ehlers: Thank you, Michel. And good morning, everyone. Diseases of the nervous system are the leading cause of disability and the second leading cause of death worldwide. The burden and unmet medical need in neurological diseases continues to grow. We remain committed to developing effective, differentiated medicines for these devastating diseases and we believe that are our focus on and asymmetric capabilities in neuroscience position us to lead in this critical area of medicine. Before I review recent progress within our pipeline in greater detail, let me first elaborate on Michel's comments and discuss the recent news on aducanumab. Last month we and Eisai announced our decision to discontinue ENGAGE and EMERGE, the Phase 3 studies designed to evaluate the efficacy and safety of aducanumab in patients with mild cognitive impairment due to Alzheimer's disease and mild Alzheimer's disease dementia. The decision to stop these trials was based on a futility analysis conducted by an independent data monitoring committee. The pre-specified futility criteria were defined as less than 20% conditional power to meet the primary endpoints of both studies. The recommendation to stop these studies was not based on safety concerns. Further analysis of these data has demonstrated that treatment with aducanumab resulted in a dose and time-dependent reduction in cerebral amyloid deposition, as assessed by amyloid PET imaging. We are actively analyzing the complete data set to fully understand the behavior of aducanumab across doses and cohorts in these two trials. As part of the decision to discontinue ENGAGE and EMERGE, the EVOLVE Phase 2 safety study and the long-term extension of the PRIME Phase 1b study of aducanumab have also been discontinued. We have also decided not to initiate a Phase 3 secondary prevention study to evaluate whether early use of aducanumab can prevent or delay the clinical onset of Alzheimer's disease at this time. We appreciate that these results raise questions about the precise role of aggregated forms of beta amyloid in this patient population. We continue to analyze the data from ENGAGE and EMERGE to inform our view of  BAN2401 and Elenbecestat, our programs being developed in collaboration with Eisai. While disappointing for patients, families and the Alzheimer's community, we believe that the data collected from ENGAGE and EMERGE are extensive and that a full analysis will inform future efforts. Data from these studies will be presented at future medical meetings to advance the field's understanding of the neurobiology of Alzheimer's disease and help guide ongoing research. As a leader in neuroscience, we remain committed to our goal of developing novel therapies for the treatment of Alzheimer's disease. We believe the Phase 3 results for aducanumab have limited read through to our portfolio of tau-directed therapeutics. Accordingly, we are continuing to advance BIIB092 or gosuranemab, an anti-tau antibody in Phase 2. BIIB076, a distinct anti-tau antibody in Phase 1 and BIIB080, an antiantisense oligonucleotide targeting tau currently in Phase 1 being developed in collaboration with Ionis. Importantly, two years ago together with Michel we articulated our goal of becoming the leader in neuroscience by building and diversifying our portfolio beyond Alzheimer's disease. Since then, we have made meaningful progress toward that goal by adding considerable depth across our core and emerging growth areas. Specifically, we have added 13 clinical programs since the beginning of 2017, including two that have achieved proof-of-concept and three that have achieved proof-of-biology. These include programs in multiple sclerosis Alzheimer's disease, progressive supranuclear, palsy, ALS, stroke, epilepsy, cognitive impairment associated with schizophrenia and neuropathic pain. And with our planned acquisition of Nightstar Therapeutics we have the potential to add two mid to late-stage assets for inherited retinal disease. Today and not including Nightstar, we have 23 programs in clinical development, including six programs in Phase 1, 13 programs in Phase 2 and three programs in Phase 3, as well as BIIB098 which has been filed with the FDA. This represents a substantial expansion and diversification of our clinical portfolio with many important and promising drug candidates each with significant potential to address some of the most debilitating diseases of our time. Turning to our proposed acquisition of Nightstar Therapeutics. We are extremely excited about the opportunity to join forces with this talented team of drug developers and together address serious genetic causes of blindness for which there have been no treatment options. This acquisition would accelerate our entry into ophthalmology, with the potential to deliver first-in-class adeno-associated virus based gene therapies to patients suffering from severe retinal diseases. Retinal degeneration shares many characteristics with the generative diseases of the central nervous system. And we therefore see positive synergy din pursuing treatments for inherited rental diseases that leverage our scientific and clinical capabilities. Nightstar's lead drug candidate NSR REP1 targets choroideremia, a rare degenerative disease that inevitably leads to blindness for which there are no current therapies. In Phase 1/2 trials treatment with NSR REP1 via targeted subretinal injection was associated with a higher rate of maintained vision, and in a subset of patients, a meaningful improvement in visual acuity, suggesting that NSR-REP1 has the potential to significantly alter the course of this disease. Based on compelling proof-of-concept data in the Phase 1/2 studies, Nightstar initiated the Phase 3 STAR trial. We expect enrollment in this trial to complete in the first half of this year with Phase 3 data expected in the second half of 2020. Of note, NSR-REP1 has received regenerative medicine advanced therapy for RMAT designation from the FDA, which confers all the benefits of both fast track and breakthrough therapy designation. Nightstar's second clinical stage asset is NSR RPGR for X-linked retinitis pigmentosa or XLRP. Like NSR REP1, NSR RPGR is an AAV based gene therapy delivered by targeted subretinal injection. Data from ea Phase 1/2 dose escalation study showed promising signals of early efficacy, including increases in central retinal sensitivity as measured by microperimetry. A Phase 2/3 dose expansion study of NSR RPGR is currently enrolling and assuming the transaction closes we would plan to add a Phase 3 study to support registration. In addition, Nightstar is advancing preclinical programs that include gene therapies targeting Stargardt disease, the most common form of inherited juvenile macular dystrophy, Best vitelliform macular dystrophy and additional programs targeting other genetic forms of retinitis pigmentosa. These diseases which inevitably lead to ability blindness and the associated severe disability are amongst the large group of inherited retinal diseases which have been estimated to afflict up to 200,000 patients in the U.S. alone, many of which may be amenable to similar gene therapy solutions. Subject to final approvals, we look forward to coming together with the remarkable scientific and clinical team at Nightstar with he goal of bringing breakthrough therapies to patients to slow or halt blindness across a range of inherited retinal diseases. Turning to our progress in neuromuscular disorders. Last month, we dosed the first patient in the Phase 3 VALOR study of BIIB067 or tofersen, an antisense oligonucleotide for ALS with mutations in superoxide dismutase 1 or SOD1. BIIB067 selectively targets the mRNA for SOD1 to reduce the levels of toxic mutentmutant SOD1 protein that is thought to be the causative agent in this autosomal dominant genetic form of ALS. VALOR is a continuation of the Phase 1/2 single and multiple ascending dose study of BIIB067 for which we have previously communicated proof-of-biology and proof-of-concept. VALOR is enrolling to assess the efficacy and safety of BIIB067 versus placebo. And the primary endpoint of this study is an analysis based on the ALS functional rating scale revised score. In parallel, we are in active discussions with regulators as we collaborate to further define the scope of the clinical data package required to support the registration of BIIB067. Very limited treatment options for this devastating genetic form of ALS, we believe the data from the VALOR study have the potential to support a rapid path to patients. Moreover, given that BIIB067 engages RNase H mechanisms to degrade endogenous mRNAs and hence decrease levels of the target, we believe that these data have positive implications for additional antisense oligonucleotides that we are advancing in our pipeline together with Ionis, that similarly utilizes RNase H-dependent mRNA degradation. Including BIIB078 which targets C9orf72 for ALS, BIIB080, which targets tau for Alzheimer's disease and other tauopathies and up to two new antisense oligonucleotides that could enter the clinic this year. Further, we believe these data exemplify the depth we are building in neuromuscular disorders, including ALS and highlight the interconnectivity across our pipeline. We plan to present data from the single and multiple ascending dose portions of the Phase 1/2 study of BIIB067 in the emerging science session at the American Academy of Neurology annual meeting next month. And you'll hear more specifically about our ALS pipeline at an R&D investor webcast on June 5th. Moving to SMA. At the 2019 Muscular Dystrophy Association Clinical and Scientific Conference earlier this month, we presented an encore presentation of data from the NURTURE study of SPINRAZA in pre-symptomatic infants with SMA. highlighting the unprecedented efficacy profile of SPINRAZA, these data show patients on average achieving motor milestones consistent or nearly consistent with normal development. Specifically, as of May last year of the 25 infants treated with SPINRAZA in this study, 100% were alive, none required tracheostomy or permanent ventilation, 100% were able to sit without support and 88% were able to walk either with assistance or independently. We believe that SPINRAZA's efficacy profile, including data on patients treated for up to six years combined with real world safety and efficacy experience in over 7,000 patients supports SPINRAZA as the standard of care in SMA. Even after the potential introduction of alternative modalities with significantly less data and outstanding questions regarding long-term safety and efficacy. Within movement disorders, we are making strong progress advancing our assets for progressive supranuclear palsy or PSP and Parkinson's disease. We look forward to the final readout for the Phase 2 study of BIIB092 and PSP in the second half of this year. BIIB092 is a monoclonal antibody targeting extracellular tau, with the aim of reducing the spread of tau pathology in the brain. And we are making strong progress with recruitment in the Phase 2 study of BIIB054, a monoclonal antibody targeting extracellular synuclein for Parkinson's disease. We now expect to receive data on the primary outcome measure from the one-year placebo-controlled period of this study in the second half of 2020. As Michel mentioned, we remain steadfast in our commitment to neuroscience, while we continue to explore therapeutic adjacencies where we have existing assets and/or expertise. Importantly, we continue to progress our clinical programs in lupus and idiopathic pulmonary fibrosis. Specifically, we are advancing BIIB059, a humanized monoclonal antibody that binds BDCA2, a C-type lectin that inhibits type-1 interferon signaling in plasmacytoid dendritic cells. We are currently evaluating BIIB059 in a Phase 2 study in cutaneous lupus erythematosus or CLE and systemic lupus erythematosus or SLE with data expected by the end of this year. Moreover, we expect to work with our collaboration partner UCB to agree on the details of a potential global Phase 3 program for dapirolizumab pegol, an anti-CD40 ligand PEGylated FAB in SLE. A previous Phase 2b study of dapirolizumab pegol in SLE demonstrated consistent and potentially meaningful improvements for the majority of clinical endpoints in patients treated with dapirolizumab pegol compared with placebo. Although the primary endpoint of this Phase 2b study to demonstrate a dose response at 24 weeks on the British Isles lupus assessment group based composite lupus assessment was not met at p=0. 07. We believe the totality of the Phase 2b data supported proof-of-concept. In addition, biomarker data demonstrated strong evidence of proof-of-biology. Dapirolizumab pegol was well tolerated and demonstrated an acceptable safety profile. We believe that the Phase 2b data together with a post-hoc analysis that indicated a notable response in a refined population support a decision to advance to Phase 3. Together with UCB we intend to present these findings at a future scientific forum. So what do we expect from Biogen R&D going forward? Four key priorities. Focus on clinical trial execution and optimizing our resources with up to 10 mid to late-stage readouts by the end of 2020, diversification, including potential indication expansions, continued progress advancing our pipeline including ways to accelerate time to market, and balancing the risk of our pipeline including a continued pursuit of late-stage opportunities. On this last point, let me elaborate on how we think about balancing risk across our pipeline. Biogen is, always has been and will remain a science-driven company, dedicated to converting differentiated biology into breakthrough medicines. That is the promise of innovation spawned from creative ideas and risks at the forefront. It is the incubator of future SPINRAZAs and solutions for patients and families that change medicine. As we advance our portfolio, we will continue to mitigate risk by seeking later-stage assets, taking advantage of our unique capabilities in developing antisense oligonucleotides and gene therapy to target causal genetic drivers of disease such as SOD1 and C9orf72 in familial ALS. Leveraging our depth of expertise in MS and SMA to expand our footprint in neuroimmunology and neuromuscular disorders and deploying rigorous experimental medicine methods, including biomarkers of target engagement and disease activity to derisk early-stage clinical programs. As we diversify and balance risk within our pipeline, we will also thoughtfully consider therapeutic adjacencies that synergize with our core and emerging growth areas and where we have existing assets or expertise. Backed by a significantly expanded portfolio of clinical stage assets, we remain focused on our goal of developing transformative medicines for patients living with devastating neurological diseases. I will now pass the call to Jeff.
Jeff Capello: Thanks, Mike. Good morning, everyone. I'll now review our financial performance for the first quarter of 2019 starting with revenues. As Michel mentioned earlier, we had a strong Q1 2019 from a revenue perspective. Total revenues for the first quarter grew 11% year-over-year to approximately $3.5 billion. Overall, our MS business delivered revenues of $2.1 billion in Q1 2019, including OCREVUS royalties of approximately $112 million. MS revenues in Q1 2019 decreased 2% versus the prior year without OCREVUS royalties and were stable including OCREVUS royalties. U.S. MS revenues in Q1 2019 were impacted by a decrease in channel inventory of approximately $170 million compared to a decrease of approximately $140 million in Q1 2018 and an increase of approximately $105 million in Q4 2018. Global first quarter TECFIDERA revenues increased 1% versus the prior year, driven by revenue growth outside the U.S. U.S. TECFIDERA revenues were impacted by a decrease in channel inventory of approximately $110 million in the first quarter of 2019 compared to a decrease of approximately $80 million in Q1 2018 and an increase of approximately $60 million in Q4 2018. We were pleased to see an increased share of both new and total prescriptions for TECFIDERA in the U.S. With our share of new prescriptions exceeding our share of total prescriptions for the first time in almost two years. Outside the U.S., TECFIDERA performed very well in Q1 2019 with continued double-digit volume increases across most large European markets and Japan versus the prior year, somewhat offset by pricing pressure in several European countries. Q1 interferon revenues including both AVONEX and PLEGRIDY decreased 9% versus Q1 2018 due to the shift from the injectable platforms to oral or high efficacy therapies. Within the U.S., AVONEX and PLEGRIDY were impacted by a decrease in channel inventory of approximately $45 million compared to a decrease of approximately $60 million in Q1 2018 and an increase of approximately $35 million in Q4 2018. TYSABRI worldwide revenues were stable versus the first quarter of 2018. Within the U.S., TYSABRI revenues were impacted by a decrease in channel inventory of approximately $15 million compared to relatively stable inventory levels in Q1 2018 and an increase of approximately $10 million in Q4 2018. TYSABRI's underlying performance improved in the U.S. with an increased share of both new and total prescriptions. Outside the U.S., TYSABRI revenues increased 1% versus the prior year. Overall despite the headwinds from channel Dynamics, we were pleased with the continued resilience of our MS business in the first quarter and are focused on maintaining the resilience of this franchise in light of new competition entering the market. Let me now move on to SPINRAZA. Global first quarter SPINRAZA revenues increased 42% versus the prior year and increased 10% versus the fourth quarter of 2018. In the U. S. revenues increased 19% versus Q1 2018 driven by continued patient growth. Compared to the fourth quarter 2018, U.S. revenues decreased 5% which we believe was driven in part by seasonality. Outside the U.S., revenues increased 26% versus Q4, driven by continued new country launches and increased penetration across all major geographies, as well as a positive pricing adjustment in France following the receipt of former reimbursement and timing of shipments across several international markets. The number of patients on therapy in the U.S. increased 5% as compared to the end of the fourth quarter of 2018 and discontinuations remained relatively low. In the U.S., we continue to make strong progress with adults. In the first quarter approximately 50% of new starts were adults, increasing the total number of adult patients on SPINRAZA to over 1000, an increase of approximately 8% versus the fourth quarter of 2018. We saw continued increase in the revenue contribution from maintenance doses this quarter. In the U.S. approximately 75% of SPINRAZA units in the first quarter were attributed to maintenance doses, as compared to approximately 65% in the fourth quarter. In the first quarter approximately 10% of U. S. SPINRAZA units were dispensed through our free drug program, a decrease from approximately 15% in Q4. Outside the U.S., the number of commercial SPINRAZA patients increased approximately 24% versus the prior quarter. And there are approximately 210 patients active in the expanded access program. We recorded revenues from over 40 international markets in the first quarter. During the past quarter, SPINRAZA was approved in Argentina, Colombia, Taiwan and China where SPINRAZA is now available for self-paying patients. We also secured broad reimbursement in France and South Korea and our named patient sales program in Turkey where we estimate there are approximately 1500 estimated [ph] patients, was expanded to cover type 1, 2 and 3 patients. As Michel mentioned, we believe the global opportunity for SPINRAZA is significant and even greater than we initially anticipated. We now estimate there are over 45,000 individuals with SMA in the markets where Biogen has a direct presence. For example, we now estimate that there are approximately 10,000 SMA patients in Latin America, approximately 15 to 25,000 SMA patients in China and approximately 3,600 SMA patients in the rest of Asia Pacific. These estimates were not factored into our original estimate of 20,000 SMA patients. SPINRAZA has now become our second-largest product, as we continue to execute well on growing our treated patient base. Let me now move on to our biosimilars business. Revenues this quarter increased 37% versus the prior year and 12% versus the prior quarter. BENEPALI has been strengthening its leadership position in countries such as Germany, the UK, Denmark and Norway, shipping again more than 1 million doses in the quarter. In the first quarter FLIXABI exceeded 100,000 doses for the first time in a quarter. For its first full quarter in the market, IMRALDI, which references HUMIRA exceeded 200,000 doses with sales in 18 different countries. In general, the rate of HUMIRA biosimilar adoption has been steeper than for the previous two anti-TNFs. And our data indicate that IMRALDI is the market-leading HUMIRA biosimilar in Europe. As an example, in Germany the largest anti-TNF market in Europe we estimate that HUMIRA biosimilars have already captured approximately 35% market share with IMRALDI capturing about 40% of that share. Overall, our success outside the U. S. with MS, biosimilars and SPINRAZA has led to meaningful geographic expansion and diversification of revenues. Specifically the proportion of our product revenues coming from outside the U.S. increased from 39% a year ago to 44% in the first quarter of 2019. Total anti-CD20 revenues in the first quarter increased 17% versus the prior year, primarily driven by OCREVUS royalties. Q1 was a particularly strong quarter for RITUXAN due in part to channel dynamics and pricing adjustments. As a reminder, our royalty rate on sales of OCREVUS resets at the beginning of every calendar year. Total other revenues in the first quarter increased 78% versus the prior year, driven primarily by the sale of approximately $200 million of inventory associated with the Bioverativ spinoff, somewhat offset by a decline in our other corporate partner revenues. As noted in our Q4 2018 earnings call, this sale of inventory represents most of the remaining hemophilia inventory that weve been hold to Bioverativ. Let me now turn to gross margin performance. Q1 2019 gross margin was 83%, negatively impacted by the sale of Bioverativ inventory which carried a very low gross margin. Q1 GAAP and non-GAAP R& D expense were both 16% of revenue. Q1 R&D expense includes approximately $39 million related to our agreement with Skyhawk and approximately $45 million in trial closeout costs for aducanumab. Q1 GAAP and non-GAAP SG&A were both 16% of revenue. For the balance of the year we expect a reduction in operating expenses of approximately $125 million related to aducanumab with ea net savings of approximately $80 million for the full year 2019. In Q1 we booked a GAAP loss of $116 million associated with our agreement with FUJIFILM related to the proposed sale of our manufacturing operations in Denmark. We expect to receive up to $890 million in cash related to this transaction subject to certain working capital adjustments and other contractual terms. Q1 GAAP other income was $357 million, including $376 million in net gains on investments. This includes a $321 million increase in the fair value of our equity investment in Ionis that we made last year in conjunction with our expanded strategic collaboration. We continue to believe that this deal is a great example of how we aim to create long-term shareholder value through a strategic capital allocation. In Q1 non-GAAP other expense was $19 million. In Q1 our GAAP tax rate was approximately 23%, negatively impacted by approximately 400 basis points due to the proposed sale of our manufacturing operations in Denmark. In Q1 our non-GAAP tax rate was approximately 18% which declined from approximately 21% in Q1 2018 due to the remaining benefit of the U.S. corporate tax reform. We repurchased approximately 2.4 million shares in Q1 at an average price of $268 for a total value of approximately $656 million. And so far in April we repurchased an additional 2.1 million shares at an average price of $236 for a total value of approximately $492 million. As Michel mentioned, in the first quarter of 2019 our Board authorized a new $5 billion share repurchase program. This is in addition to the approximately $1 billion remaining under the share repurchase program authorized in August 2018. which now brings us to our diluted earnings per share. In the first quarter we booked GAAP EPS of $7.15, an increase of 29% versus the prior year and non-GAAP earnings per share of $6. 98 percent - excuse me $6.98 per share, a 15% increase versus the prior year. We generated approximately $1.5 billion in net cash flows from operations in Q1. We ended the quarter with approximately $5.3 billion in cash and marketable securities and $5.9 billion in debt. I'll now turn the call back over to Michel for his closing comments.
Michel Vounatsos: Thank you, Jeff. The Biogen team is taking the current situation very seriously and dedicating every effort to maximize shareholder value creation. I am inspired by the reaction of the team. And we now have the opportunity and the obligation to rebound. We remain focused on growing our core business in MS, SMA and biosimilars, while addressing the short-term priorities already discussed, including the TECFIDERA IP challenge and preparing for the expected launch of VUMERITY by the end of the year. As always, we will invest in the areas we believe have the highest potential return for shareholders. Between now and the end of 2020, we expect continued progress as we aim to build a multi-franchise portfolio, including data readouts in MS, PSP, lupus, epilepsy, Parkinson's disease, ALS, pain, cognitive impairment associated with schizophrenia and stroke. Potential regulatory approval in the U.S. for VUMERITY in MS and up to 10 new assets advancing into the clinic. Finally I want to reiterate our commitment to maximizing returns to our shareholders and bringing innovative therapies to patients over the long term. This demands that we continue to allocate capital efficiently effectively and appropriately. As we have demonstrated in the past, we will always strive to have an optimal capital structure, as well as aim for superior returns from the investments we make. I will end by stating explicitly that everyone at Biogen is highly committed to making a positive impact on patients life by remaining at the forefront of discovering and developing breakthrough treatments, while always being dedicated to maximizing the long-term returns on behalf of our owners. With that, we will open the call for questions.
Operator: Thank you [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Ying Huang from Bank of America. Merrill Lynch. Please go ahead.
Ying Huang: Hi. Good morning. Thank you very much for taking my question. I want to ask one about your strategy on business development and M&A. In the wake of discontinuation of aducanumab Phase 3, does management team feel more urgency to acquire more assets that are either commercial or near commercial? And along those lines does the Board of directors also feel the same urgency to conduct more M&A and transactions? Thank you?
Michel Vounatsos: Thanks for the question. And as we communicated, we plan to deploy our capital to areas of highest returns for the shareholders. And we do believe that at the current stock price level buying back shares is very important. We took aggressive steps to diversify our portfolio in the past. But in the context of our current cash flow generation and the profile of our balance sheet we can do both buying back and also conduct some BD, M&A activities.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Robyn Karnauskas from Citigroup. Please go ahead.
Robyn Karnauskas: Hi guys, thanks for taking my question. I think you acknowledging all the concerns that investors had including TECFIDERA and SMA. I guess my key question is while you acknowledge that aducanumab failures some of the reasons why we are so concerned. Let's start with SMA. What gives you the confidence that if the oral product maintains its efficacy in more studies that it won't erode SPINRAZA? And maybe specifically, you -- could you clarify maybe what percentage of patients might be low-hanging fruit for that product? Maybe they are not as compliant as their older patients and not as fit that are currently on SPINRAZA? Thank you.
Michel Vounatsos: So, Robyn this is Michael. I'll start with that. I think it's still -- look, it's still pretty early days with the data that we know from RITUXAN has been relatively small numbers of patients in the 20s or 30s, but infants and later onset, they clearly generated some encouraging data on this in terms of efficacy. I think some of the open things that the field is looking to understand about this is the overall benefit risk profile, the degree of efficacy, the extent to which that there is manageable therapeutic index on this. These are all parts of that program and data that are still to really emerge. The way we kind of think about is that particularly through the NURTURE study, the data that we generated from SPINRAZA really sets the bar for the degree of efficacy that's really going to define standard-of-care. So we think that's an important feature here. And we have such an extensive safety database on thousands of patients and patient years. So, again, I think that kind of sets the bar for what safety should look like. Much of this is going to have to play out over time. Right now we are very, very confident in SPINRAZA's profile in terms of safety and efficacy and we'll have to see how the RITUXAN data set reads out at this time.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Geoff Meacham from Barclays. Please go ahead.
Geoff Meacham: Hey guys. Thanks for the question and for all the perspective on aducanumab. Just had another one on SMA, in the US, can you add a little bit more detail for the new start trends? And you think there is a warehouse effect in 1Q ahead of an expected of excess launch? And then related to that I mean obviously you guys have learned a lot from the SMA launch in the orphan space, do you view this as a strategic asset? And by that do I mean, do you look at the orphan space as a broader area for BD or is the emphasis still from a BD perspective neuroscience focused? Thank you.
Jeff Capello: Yes. Hi, Geoff. It's Jeff. Thanks for the question. So, as a reminder we grew 18% year-over-year in the U.S. in SMA, so pretty strong growth year-over-year. We did have a bit of a slowdown sequentially which I think you are asking about. Couple of things to remember. Our estimated epidemiology in the U.S. is still 9,000 patients. We're only 30% penetrated to-date. And in the adult class, which is the largest class, 65% of the patients, we're only 18% penetrated. So we continue to do a good job executing. We did a very good job this quarter continuing to grow that adult class. We also had a drop in the free drug percentage from 15% to 10% as more insurance coverage picks up the product which is just a testament to the strength of the product and we had very low discontinuations. Having said that, we did see a slight decrease in the number of new patient starts. We actually saw the same dynamic happen when you look at the fourth quarter of 2017 to the first quarter of 2018. And we think part of that is due to the fact of seasonality both with regard to new patient starts and maintenance doses. In fact, if we look at our maintenance doses, we did see less compliance in the first quarter, which we attribute to weather and the cold and flu season. So this is not that the similar from what we saw in terms of the dynamics shifting from the fourth quarter of 2017 to the first quarter of 2018. So we think we continue to have lots of opportunity to grow this business in the U.S. And, of course, outside the U.S. we had a terrific quarter.
Michel Vounatsos: Concerning the second part of your question. Thank you for asking. Based -- following aducanumab setback, we gathered the team and we certainly worked hard to maintain the focus on the operations and the progress from all sites of the company. And again I'm impressed by the reaction of the team. If we step back and we look at our - and reach portfolio that is materially improved compared with what it was 28 months ago. The core of our focus remains and we remain neuroscience. Having said that, we also look very carefully at the progress we are making in lupus with the two compounds that Mike spoke about and also idiopathic pulmonary fibrosis. So this may point out adjacencies potentially in immuno, you speak about rare disease. It's too early for the organization to state that clearly. We need to regroup as a team and we got doing that while we speak share and line with the Board and then come back to you.
Jeff Capello: And Geoff I might add something to that too. I think you raised a very good point about. Our SPINRAZA experience, I think has been highly informative to us and in growing our capabilities in and around rare diseases broadly speaking. I think when you look at the ability to deploy innovative development plans when you look at the extent of regulator engagements and accelerated paths. When you look at the collaborative relationship that we've exercised in patient efficacy and patient support groups that have supported that and then you look at opportunity space in disease like SMA, which ends up being much larger than I think anyone had anticipated at outset. These points to the adjacencies Michel was just talking about, which were programs we have in our portfolio BIIB067, 078, 092 and the proposed Nightstar acquisitions, all will provide positive synergy and give us another lens to look at an additional external opportunities.
Michel Vounatsos: Just to conclude on this question and adding to what Mike is saying. It's all about adding value and highest return for the shareholders and finding synergies with the core capabilities of Biogen the way others will not be able to deliver.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Michael Yee from Jefferies. Please go ahead.
Michael Yee: Hi, thanks. Good morning. I appreciate the comment as well, Michel. I guess, a question for Michel following on big picture strategy and the disappointment post Alzheimer's. Maybe you could talk about whether there is any change or pivot on two fronts? One is the change in investment of capital in the Alzheimer's including BAN2401 or what or how we should think about spending in Alzheimer's? And number two, whether or not there can be anything you can do about realizing immediate shareholder value post Alzheimer's given where the stock price is at and how to think about where you are now? Thanks so much.
Michel Vounatsos: Thanks for the great question, Michael. So if you sit back and you recall what we said repetitively. The plan A was always to prepare Biogen for growth even without aducanumab. So as I said, the focus will remain on neuroscience based on the portfolio we have, but also on the adjacencies of all the programs we are developing for now and we'll come back with more. If you look at what we have done, we have materially improved our pipeline. We have materially diversified our pipeline. We are basically positioning the company for the future. We have improved the operational performance and also the efficiency of our operations. And we believe we have the ability to go further. This is where the capital also had been. We believe we invested the capital over the highest return opportunity. We have an IP challenge that we need to solve and we are working on that. And we do recognize our responsibility to shareholders to maximize the return over the long term, specifically on Alzheimer's disease. It has to be science driven. We have tons of data points that we are still not yet finalizing to review and to digest. So we have to wait for the team and a team statistician and clinicians to look at the data, so that we can best indicate, educate the course forward for the beta-amyloid hypothesis and for BAN2401 and elenbecestat. And as I said concerning the capital allocation and the share repurchase, I think, we've been pretty clear that at this level we believe that this is an area with very high return opportunity for shareholders. But again, in the context of the pristine balance sheet that we have, we can do more. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Cory Kasimov from JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Cory Kasimov: Hey. Good morning, guys. And thank you for taking my question. I wanted to follow up on the business development front and ask about the companies buying capacity at this point. At the beginning of the year, I believe, you highlighted having roughly $42 billion in buying capacity through 2023. I'm curious if that has shifted at all post the buyback and other transactions? And can you comment how much capacity you believe you have to do something now as compared to over a four to five-year timeframe? Thanks.
Jeff Capello: Hi, Cory, it's Jeff. Yeah. So we had mentioned back, I believe, it was at your conference that if you took, the metric was  if you took the cash flows of the company at the end of the third quarter of 2018 and you annualize those, you drop the CVRs and then you look at that over a five-year period that was a certain pool of cash. And then, if you look at the cash on the balance sheet, plus leverage up to 2.5 times, less the leverage we have today, that gave you the $42 billion of potential capacity. Assuming all stayed constant in terms of the business, which obviously is not the plan. The plan is to grow the business and grow those cash flows. So that's where we got the $42 billion. We once again had a very strong quarter cash flow wise. We did $1.5 billion in operating cash flow. And I would point out that this quarter was the final payment of the Fumapharm settlement of $300 million. So we're now beyond that settlement. So if anything, we believe that our cash flow will continue and we'll be in a strong position to leverage those cash flows, as Michel had said, with regard to both buying back stock and being active from a business development perspective. So there will be no lack of capacity.
Michel Vounatsos: So we believe that deployment of capital at this level of price level should be on the share buyback. We believe this is a high return for everybody and we believe in the value of our company. At the same time, our team is working very hard on looking for other opportunities with high return.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Umer Raffat from Evercore. Please go ahead.
Umer Raffat: Hi. Thanks for taking my question. Michel maybe just in a different direction. In listening to you today, I get a sense that the Alkermes fumarate, VUMERITY is more and more important to your MS strategy perhaps than it has been in the past. Can you speak to that? Am I hearing it correct and also should we reasonably expect a meaningful switch ahead of IPR decision? Thank you.
Michel Vounatsos: So from day one and this is the reason why we did the -- we deployed capital and acquired this asset is that it was meaningful and strategically important for the company. We have a $9.1 billion franchise in MS that is pretty resilient to date. And we continue to - we want to continue to invest in that space. We believe that this Alkermes compound can eventually be differentiated. We need to wait for some data readouts. In the context of the IP challenge, certainly this is very important. It would be premature to state on any clear tactical plan or strategy for launch. But while we speak, we are working thoroughly on that. It's not that the organization is without any alternative, but we remain confident on our patents for TECFIDERA.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Alethia Young from Cantor Fitzgerald. Please go ahead.
Alethia Young: Hi, guys. Thanks for taking my question and thank you for all the color this morning. I just wanted to go and maybe discuss the pipeline a little bit. I know you have the one data, which will be in? And I just wanted you to talk a little bit more about the C9ORF72 program and like what confidence you've received from the SOD1 that gives you confidence in knocking down that on HUMIRA as well? Thanks.
Michael Ehlers: So Alethia, it's Mike. So I think one thing we've learned from BIIB67 SOD1 program is a lot about how we can very reliably measure target engagement and a pharmacodynamic effect in terms of looking at the relevant cause of the agent species in CSF like SOD1 in that case. We are deploying a very similar approach with C9ORF72 earlier program. So this is now just an essentially safety trials in this ALS patients. So we will be looking at similar types of things. Target engagement lowering of the toxic species and as well as assessing some of the same types of clinical measures. We do think that the extensive experience we've gained in development over time in ALS has significantly enhanced our ability to conduct and execute these trials efficiently.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Geoffrey Porges from Leerink. Please go ahead.
Geoffrey Porges: Thanks very much. I just wanted to clarify a little bit more on what you're saying about 2401 elenbecestat, and particularly in the context of your expenses going forward. It was a bit surprising that canceling of aducanumab was only about 5% saving to your R&D spend. But if you discontinued 2401 elenbecestat, how much would totally you save from expected R&D? And secondly, could you just talk about the contractual flexibility you have to make that decision or can you only suspend funding for those programs with the agreement of your partner? Thanks.
Jeff Capello: So, Geoff I'll start with the -- I guess the back half of your question. And we disclosed this clearly in our filing. So, our share of the expenses relative to both BAN2401 elenbecestat was $74 million in 2017, that's just our share and $116 million in 2018. And the amount is not -- creeps up a little bit in 2019, but not dramatically. So that gives you a little bit of sense of kind of the run rate. So, should we decide and our partners decide not to move forward those programs, obviously, that expense would come out. But I think as we mentioned in the prepared comments, as we're going through the aducanumab data and we're still having conversations and we'll make those decisions and deliberations as they play out.
Geoffrey Porges: Okay, thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Carter Gould from UBS. Please go ahead.
Carter Gould: Good morning guys and thanks for the color on strategy and capital allocation front. Maybe ask one on sort of near-term pipeline comment about BIIB092. I guess Michael can you give a little bit color on how you think about clinical meaningfulness on the PSPr scale, obviously, an indication for a lot of unmet need, but still some color on that front? And then just how you're thinking potential about read-through to targeting tau across other tauopathies depending on the outcome of this study and PSP?
Michael Ehlers: Yes, great questions Carter. Thank you for that. So, the status of this is that we do anticipate getting days relatively large Phase 2 study data by the end of the year in PSP. The PSP rating scale is kind of the recognized standard across this field on areas of clinical meaningfulness. We've been in active collaborative dialogue with regulators on exactly components of this scale and how to use that for a primary endpoint. But I think we're making really excellent progress on that. I do think that this study is powered in a way with the right endpoint to detect a clinically meaningful effect in these patients. We have to keep in mind that to-date what we really know is that we've got a very target engagement in terms of measuring significant lowering of tau in the CSF. There's a lot of stuff that we still don't know and this is a Phase 2 study. So, you have to keep in mind that this is still a relatively early program where this is largely untested hypothesis and thus it remains a risky program in that regard. But I would say if we're able to show and find that there's a clinically meaningful effect in PSP, I do think that this will have significant positive ramifications or ability to intersect tau across many tauopathies. I would also add and say that we have also very cautiously not just limited ourselves to tau monoclonal antibodies in this regard and that's why we're also enthusiastic about our BIIB080 program at tau antisense oligonucleotide which gives us a very different approach to targeting and lowering tau in tauopathies.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Phil Nadeau from Cowen and Company. Please go ahead.
Phil Nadeau: Good morning. Thanks for taking my question. I did have a follow-up question on the broad strategy of targeting CNS diseases. Very clear that you want to maximize return to shareholders and it seems like based on the indications you're going after that means major unmet needs where these reasonably sized patients populations, but also really increasing the return to shareholders and also risk of success. And as we look at slide 37 and the indications that are going to read out between here and the end of 2020, it kind of strikes me that not all those -- or actually most of those conditions don't have a determined mechanism of the disease or the pathogenic mechanisms not really well understood. So, can you talk a bit more about how you assess the risk of success and failure when you're looking at potential indications to bringing to your portfolio? And whether that has changed at all post the failure of aducanumab?
Michel Vounatsos: So, I will get started. Since 41 years that this company is in operation, innovation, scientific excellence was at the forefront and is at the forefront of what we did and what we do and what we will do. And this is coming with some risk. And we know historically that there have having some setbacks. But we also believe that nowadays we are able to mitigate some of them with genetically validated pathways and also biomarkers neuroimaging and other elements capabilities that we are building. Mike will give more color. 
Michael Ehlers: Yes, Phil. I think this is a very good question. It's a broad question. I think what we would say is, look, in this area what we see and detect is a significantly changing risk profile in the area. And we see this playing out in a number of dimensions and it's within things we're doing. And if you look broadly at the ecosystem, SMA being sort of the cardinal example of that, but it doesn't stand alone on this. This risk profile in changing. Where you're successful, there's considerable high reward, as we've seen with SPINRAZA. We are very focused on mitigating the risk level of this in our overall portfolio. We do that in a number of ways Michel was talking about. It's partly by seeking later-stage assets where we've got clinical data that points to the progress, and particularly objective clinical data where we can  lead to go after genetic origins of disease. And this has been a big focus of ours with the extended collaboration Ionis in leveraging the antisense oligonucleotide platform. It's taking advantage of some of our other unique capabilities and depth of expertise in MS and SMA. And as we've been doing that and growing the portfolio, we would note that of these things we've added by bringing in or identifying, three of these deals were post proof-of-concept, two of these deals were post proof-of-biology. So that's an intentional strategy to really mitigate the risk across the portfolio. And I think whether you look at what's going on in  with  in Biogen or in the field as a whole, you can look at disease after disease where these traditional views of the risk are breaking down. SMA, migraine, muscular dystrophy, tardive dyskinesia, progressive MS, Huntington's, gene therapy, the inherited retinal diseases, ALS, treatment-resistant depression, Parkinson's, psychosis, postpartum depression, all these areas where before there have been very little prospect. In the very recent past, in the last year or two, including today, we're seeing a significant change in the risk profile in this area.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ronny Gal from Bernstein. Please go ahead.
Ronny Gal: Good morning. And thank you squeezing me in. A couple of, if you don't mind. The first one is, I hear Michael, but there - kind of overall reducing risk and in neurological conditions. But you guys have been pretty positive on your amyloid beta program early on. And I was wondering, if in light of the end results here, if you thought about structural changes about you view trial, how you conduct them, more focus on interim analysis or early futility analysis? Have you kind of thought about how you mitigate the risk that you think you've gone into pretty significantly risky area. Are you looking for ways to kind of, like, ensure that you're not going down the wrong path for too long? And how do you think about in light of the aducanumab failure? And then, if I can throw one more in, should we read from the Nightstar acquisition, anything about your interest in biosimilar VEGF programs?
Michael Ehlers: Ronny these are getting great questions, which I guess has been lot of time to answer. Let me try to give a little bit of a flavor for it. So in terms of how it is that we design and think about trials. Key for us is where we can get early signs with objective types of measurements that we know are connected to disease. So you will see more and more this is what we try to do across the board but you'll see more and more of that. That means in some instances specific types of biomarkers target engagement, the powering of trials in a way where we're looking for big effects and looking for them early, where we can and we know there is a particular standard of care where we can do head-to-head type of comparisons, it's really leveraging existing data sets that are out there across these diseases to define and refine endpoints. These are the things that we're looking to do. I'll tell you what we're not looking to do is to do large extensive trials where the only thing we're relying on subjective endpoints in that regard. So you will see less and less of that and more and more about refined patient populations objective measures that we think will be tied to a meaningful outcome for patients.
Michel Vounatsos: Concerning the biosimilars. We do believe in the value creation opportunity offered by the biosimilars also in the U.S. The savings opportunity are up to $250 billion in the next 10 years if we had an effective biosimilars market in the U.S. And we don't speak about that enough. But I believe what is being discussed in terms of rebates -- new rebates or the policy; we'll address this potential gap. We are very pleased with our portfolio. We are very pleased with our performance. We do not intend to stop here.
Operator: Your next question and your last question comes from the line of Terence Flynn from Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Terence Flynn: Hi, thanks for taking the question. Maybe just two for, Jeff to follow-up on question Geoff Porgess question. Just can you be little bit clear, are you obligated to move forward with BAN2401? If Eisai would like to advance this program or if you don't agree, can you opt out and return rights there? And then on biosimilars pricing dynamics in the EU. Can you give us a sense of what you're seeing right now and then maybe beyond Germany for HUMIRA? Any early read on some of the other countries? Thank you.
Jeff Capello: So, on the first question, Terry Im not going to be able to get into a lot of detail. That's a private arrangement between us and our partner. So as I said, we're looking at the data across all the programs and we'll certainly be able to give people an update when we have more clarity. On your second question with regard to the pricing dynamics. I would just say that the pricing dynamics are more or less in line with what we expected with regard to the IMRALDI launch having two anti-TNS already in the market. We're pretty well tuned to the pricing dynamics was very dramatically country-by-country. So we understand the dynamics and the different long-term contracts and how the different countries bid. And we're very encouraged by what's happening in Germany where we really have started out strong. So I would say the pricing is more or less in line with expectations than what we've seen historically.
Matt Calistri: Well, thank everybody. We're going to end the call now. I'm going to have Michel make some closing comments.
Michel Vounatsos: I would like just to reiterate our commitment to patients, all customers, and importantly to our shareholders. I believe Biogen is set to rebound and I fundamentally believe that we will be back.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.+

===== 2018 Q4  (2019-01-29 08:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning. My name is Jack, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Biogen Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2018 Financial Results and Business Update Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Please limit yourself to one question to allow other participants time for questions. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. I would now like to turn the conference over to Mr. Matt Calistri, Vice President, Investor Relations. You may begin your conference.
Matt Calistri: Thank you and welcome to Biogen's fourth quarter 2018 earnings conference call. Before we begin, I encourage everyone to go to the Investors section of biogen.com to find the earnings release and related financial tables, including a reconciliation of the GAAP to non-GAAP financial measures that we will discuss today. Our GAAP financials are provided in Tables 1 and 2. Table 3 includes a reconciliation of our GAAP to non-GAAP financial results. We believe non-GAAP financial results better represent the ongoing economics of our business and reflect how we manage the business internally. We have also posted slides on our website that follow the discussions related to this call. I would like to point out that we will be making forward-looking statements, which are based on our current expectations and beliefs. These statements are subject to certain risks and uncertainties and our actual results may differ materially. I encourage you to consult the Risk Factors discussed in our SEC filings for additional detail. On today's call, I am joined by our Chief Executive Officer, Michel Vounatsos; Dr. Michael Ehlers, EVP of Research and Development; and our CFO, Jeff Capello. We will also be joined for the Q&A portion of the call by our Chief Medical Officer, Dr. Al Sandrock. Before I conclude, I would also like to remind everyone, that we now post releases related to earnings calls and Investor Events on the Investors section of Biogen's website, www.biogen.com. And issue a statement on Twitter when they become available. We do this instead of publishing earnings releases and any releases related to Investor Events and earnings calls via Newswire services. Our Twitter handle is @biogen. Now, I will turn the call over to Michel.
Michel Vounatsos: Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us. First let me start with some financial highlights. Biogen closed 2018 with an all-time high in quarterly revenues of $3.5 billion, an increase of approximately 7% compared to the same period a year ago. For the full year 2018, Biogen generated another all-time high of $13.5 billion in revenues, representing growth of 10% year-over-year. Full year 2018 GAAP earnings were $21.58 a share, an 81% increase versus full year 2017. Full year 2018 non-GAAP earnings were $26.20 a share, a 20% increase versus full year 2017. We are pleased with this strong year-over-year growth as we continue to execute on our strategy to solidify our long-term leadership position in neuroscience. Now, let me review the year. First, full year MS revenues including OCREVUS royalties were $9.1 billion demonstrating resilience. The number of patients on our MS products globally remained relatively stable versus the prior year. Importantly, we continued to see improving trends for our MS business in the U.S. on a year-over-year basis. Second, SPINRAZA, which we pioneered in collaboration with Ionis as the first treatment for SMA, generated full year global revenues of $1.7 billion, and nearly double the revenues we delivered in 2017. This blockbuster performance was driven by strong year-over-year revenue growth in the U.S. and even greater revenue growth outside of the U.S. Over the past year, including the expanded access programs and clinical trials, we have more than doubled the number of patients on SPINRAZA to over 6,600 patients. SPINRAZA is the standard of care in SMA with approval in over 40 countries and formal reimbursement in 30 countries. Third, we continue to expand and progress our neuroscience pipeline with strong momentum, building depth in our core growth areas. We are leveraging the interconnectivity within neuroscience as we aim to create multiple franchises beyond MS, SMA, and Alzheimer's disease. 2018 was one of the most productive years we have had in research and development as we aim to further de-risk our pipeline and prepare for multiple potential launches in the early 2020s. Starting with our core growth areas, we made significant progress in our MS pipeline including an NDA submission to the FDA, initiating new life cycle management initiatives, and increasing investment in our R&D portfolio to develop potentially transformative new treatments, which Mike will discuss in more details. In Alzheimer's and dementia, we completed Phase 3 enrollment of aducanumab. We initiated a Phase 2 study of BIIB092 in Alzheimer's disease, and we announced topline results of BAN2401 with our partner Eisai. In neuromuscular disorders, we made impressive progress building depth. We acquired BIIB110, a muscle enhancement program from AliveGen. We initiated a Phase 1 study of BIIB078 targeting C9orf in ALS, and we announced positive Phase 1 interim results for BIIBO67 in SOD1 ALS. In movement disorders, we created strong momentum. We initiated a Phase 2 study of BIIB054 in Parkinson's disease, and we completed enrollment of our Phase 2 study of BIIB092 in PSP. In our emerging growth areas of acute neurology, neurocognitive disorders, and pain, we did initiate four new studies. We expanded our pipeline with the addition of BIIB104 for cognitive impairment associated with schizophrenia and our option for TMS-007 for acute ischemic stroke. We are also advancing the program -- the Phase 3 program for BIIB093 in large hemispheric infarction with a potential to generate peak revenues of over $1 billion with initial launches as early as 2022. Moving on to our biosimilars business. Full year biosimilars revenues were $545 million, which represents 44% growth year-over-year. In the fourth quarter, we launched IMRALDI, our adalimumab biosimilar referencing Humira in several European markets. IMRALDI has generated $17 million in revenues since its launch in mid-October, making it our most successful first quarter launch of a biosimilar. Importantly, our cash generation remained very strong and continued to provide us with significant optionality and flexibility to allocate capital. In 2018, we spent a total of approximately $1.8 billion through six business [ph] development deals and the increase in our share of the Samsung Bioepis joint venture. We continue to diligently evaluate new opportunities for more potential business development and M&A. We also repurchased approximately 14.8 million shares for $4.4 billion, and we have about $2 billion remaining in our share repurchase program. In addition, we began 2019 with a new collaboration with Skyhawk Therapeutics with the aim of developing oral splicing modulator for multiple diseases, including MS and SMA. We continue to be financially disciplined, and we are focused on implementing a lean and simple operating model with the goal of continuous operational improvements. As we have demonstrated in the past, we are committed to maximizing returns for our shareholders while continuing to bring innovative therapies to patients, something that demands a thoughtful approach towards all our investments over both the short term and long term. In summary, 2018 was clearly a very productive and successful year for Biogen, as we executed on our strategy and continued to deliver noticeable progress. Our core MS business demonstrated resilience, SPINRAZA continued to grow in the U.S. and even more outside of the U.S., and we remain committed to our goal of being the long-term standard of care in SMA.  We expanded and progressed our pipeline by adding six new clinical programs and completing enrollment of three late-stage studies. We grew our biosimilar business and launched IMRALDI in Europe. We are actively implementing a leaner and simpler operating model, and we are generating ample cash as we focus on strategically allocating capital to develop and build depth in our neuroscience portfolio, again with a goal of maximizing shareholder returns and bringing innovative therapies to patients. Overall, we continue to make progress towards our goal of building a multi-franchise neuroscience portfolio, and we are very excited about our upcoming data readouts. I would now turn the call over to Mike for a more detailed update on our recent progress in R&D.
Michael Ehlers: Thank you, Michel, and good morning, everyone. Neuroscience is experiencing a revolution in science and medicine. There is no a large area of unmet needs and disease in the nervous system, and we believe that our focus on neuroscience offers a key strategic advantage. Before I discuss our pipeline in more detail, let me comment on our recent progress on building a multi-franchise neuroscience portfolio, supported by a broad range of therapeutic modalities. Complementing our expanded collaboration with Ionis delivers their antisense oligonucleotide platforms. Earlier this month, we announced a strategic set of collaborations with C4 Therapeutics and Skyhawk Therapeutics to discover and develop novels, small molecule approaches for neurological diseases. Our collaboration with C4 Therapeutics, we utilize C4's platform to discover small molecules and engage the endogenous ubiquitinproteasome system to selectively tag disease-causing potential for degradation. And through our collaboration with Skyhawk, we aim to discover small molecules capable of modulating RNA splicing at selective pre-messenger RNAs, including SMN2. With these collaborations, we have further expanded the breadth of modalities we are pursuing, which now includes biologics, antisense oligonucleotide, oral protein degraders and splicing modulators and gene therapy. As Michel discussed, looking over 2018, we added six clinical programs to our pipeline and transitioned five pipeline candidates from research to development. The same number as the previous year, which nearly doubled Biogen's historical productivity. Thus, once again, 2018 represented a substantial enhancement of our differentiated clinical portfolio of potential breakthrough medicines. Turning to advances in the fourth quarter. Let me start with the depth, we are building in neuromuscular disorders. Last month, we, along with our partner Ionis, received data from an interim analysis of the Phase 1 study of BIIB067 in the form of familial ALS. BIIB067 is antigens oligonucleotide, targeting superoxide dismutase 1 or SOD1, mutations in which confer a toxic gain of function and cause a familial form of ALS that constitutes approximately 2% of all ALS cases. This interim analysis demonstrated both proof-of-biology and proof-of-concept with the concordance across multiple clinical and biomarker endpoints. Specifically, at the highest dose tested, we saw a statistically significant lowering of SOD1 protein in the CSF with the p-value of 0.002 and a trend towards lowering of CSF neurofilament, a biomarker of axonal injury. And we observed a numerical trend across three dimensions of clinical efficacy, consistent with the potentially meaningful clinical benefit as compared to placebo. Specifically, we observed swelling of clinical decline as measured using the ALS Functional Rating Scale, slowing of decline in respiratory function as measured by slow vital capacity and slowing of decline in muscle strength as measured by handheld dynamometry. Based on these positive data, we plan to add an additional cohort to the study to further evaluate the highest dose. With very limited treatment options for this devastating genetic form of ALS, we believe this additional cohort could provide important new data to support the rapid path to registration. More broadly, we believe that these data have positive implications for additional antisense oligonucleotides in our pipeline, including BIIB078, which targets C9ORF72, BIIB080, which targets tau and up to two antisense oligonucleotides -- in clinic this year. Additionally, we believe that these data exemplify the depth we are building in neuromuscular disorders, including ALS and highlight the interconnectivity across our pipeline. Turning to SMA, as a leader in the space, we welcome additional therapeutic options for patients, including the potential launch of Novartis gene therapy, AVXS-101, which we believe will be initially indicated for infants. A number of questions remain for this experimental approach as data on the safety, efficacy and durability of AVXS-101 remain limited with the results reported to date for only 15 patients followed for up to 2.5 years, seven of whom are reported to have subsequently initiated treatment with SPINRAZA. This is, in contrast, to the SPINRAZA clinical trial program, which has included more than 300 patients followed for up to six years. It is important to note that there are significant differences in the age and severity of the patient population between the Sham Control ENDEAR study of SPINRAZA and the Phase 1 open-label study of AVXS-101. We believe that earlier treatment initiation positively impacts the clinical efficacy of agents designed to boost full length SMN protein production. Patients in the ENDEAR study were older with the mean age at first dose of 5.3 months, whereas participants in the Phase 1 open-label study of AVXS-101 initiated treatment earlier with a mean age of first dose of 3.4 months. Thus direct comparisons between these data sets are not scientifically valid. In addition to ENDEAR, we are very encouraged by the data from the NURTURE study of SPINRAZA in presymptomatic infants which shows patients on average achieving motor milestones consistent or nearly consistent with normal development. We believe these data, combined with the real world reports of significant efficacy across all patient types and ages, supports SPINRAZA remaining the standard-of-care in SMA even after the introduction of alternative modalities. Turning to MS and neuroimmunology. Biogen strategy to extend our leadership position in MS has focused on three strategic imperatives. First is the pursuit of next-generation therapies for relapsing form of MS while also advancing life cycle management for our current portfolio. Second, we aim to advance the care of progressive forms of MS by leveraging emerging insights and new drug targets. Third, we aim to slow or reverse disability progression and restore function through remyelination and excellent repair or protection. As Michel discussed, we've made significant progress this quarter across these imperatives, including submitting the NDA for diroximel fumarate, or VUMERITY, in the U.S. with head-to-head data versus TECFIDERA expected mid-year; reinitiating development of BIIBO61, a small molecule remyelination agent; dosing the first patient in the NOVA study; examining the efficacy of extended interval dosing of TYSABRI; and dosing the first patient in a bioequivalent study of intramuscular formulation of PLEGRIDY. For more details on each of these programs I encourage you to review our MS Investor Webcast held on December 12 of last year, which is available on our website. We also had exciting new developments with our industry-leading Alzheimer's disease and dementia portfolio. At the Clinical Trials on Alzheimer's Disease Meeting, or CTAD, we presented updated analysis of the long-term extension of the Phase 1b PRIME study of aducanumab which were generally consistent with previous analysis. In addition, there were no changes to the risk-benefit profile of aducanumab. We also showed data from the PRIME study suggesting that following treatment with aducanumab, the reduction in brain amyloid correlates with slowing of clinical decline. We expect final data from ENGAGE in EMERGE, the Phase 3 studies of aducanumab in early 2020. Also at CTAD, our collaboration partner Eisai presented additional analysis of the Phase 2 study of BAN2401. Data from pre-specified subgroup analysis showed that treatment with BAN2401 was associated with the reduction in brain amyloid as well as clinical benefit across subgroups of APOE genotype, clinical stage and concomitant use of AD medications. Importantly, while the study was not powered to show statistical significance in subgroup analysis, we believe there was evidence of clinical benefit in both APOE for carriers and non-carriers with small sample sizes potentially explaining the numerical differences in clinical efficacy between these subgroups. Overall, we continue to believe that the data from BAN2401 increases the probability of success for both this asset as well as aducanumab. BAN2401 and aducanumab share important features, distinguishing them from other anti-beta amyloid anybodies including specificity for binding aggregated forms of beta amyloid, full effector function, which we believe is important for inducing amyloid clearance by microglia, data demonstrating robust removal of amyloid plaque in humans and signals a potentially clinically meaningful slowing of cognitive decline across multiple measures. To our knowledge, amongst clinical a-beta antibodies only aducanumab and BAN2401 share these features. Together with Eisai, we are pursuing a large Phase 3 studies to confirm these findings including the planned initiation of a Phase 3 study of BAN2401 following the conclusion of ongoing regulatory dialogues. Eisai also presented safety and efficacy data from the Phase 2 study of elenbecestat, a small molecule base inhibitor being evaluated in two Phase 3 studies and in response to external data presented at CTAD suggesting that treatment with other base inhibitors has been associated with trends toward cognitive worsening, a cognitive safety monitoring plan has been implemented in the ongoing elenbecestat studies to ensure that patient safety is paramount. The independent Data Monitoring Committee has reviewed data from the Phase 3 studies and recommended that the studies proceed and we will continue to monitor safety, including cognitive safety, as the study progresses. Finally, given the evidence that the beta-amyloid pathology begins to accumulate in the brain decades prior to the clinical onset of Alzheimer's disease, I am pleased to announce that we along with our partner Eisai are planning to initiate a Phase 3 study to evaluate whether early use of aducanumab can prevent or delay the clinical onset of Alzheimer's disease. The study will include patients with evidence of amyloid pathology in the brain with or without subjective cognitive complaints. This represents an earlier phase of the disease, demonstrating studies in ENGAGE and EMERGE and is otherwise referred to as Stages 1 and 2 in the FDA draft guidance on treatment of early Alzheimers disease. We look forward to sharing more details about this study in the near future. Moving to our progress in neuropathic pain. In October, we indicated that we have paused the initiation of the Phase 3 program of vixotrigine or BIIB074 in the state and use-dependent voltage-gated sodium channel blocker in trigeminal neuralgia. Now, based on recent feedback from the FDA, I am pleased to say that we are planning to initiate a Phase 3 program for the development of vixotrigine in trigeminal neuralgia by the end of the year. And in parallel, we continue to enroll a Phase 2 study of vixotrigine for small fiber neuropathy. Within neurocognitive disorders, last month we dosed the patient in the Phase 2b study of BIIB104 for the treatment of cognitive impairment associated with schizophrenia. BIIB104 is a first-in-class AMPA receptor potentiator that we believe has compelling data from a number of distinct early clinical studies, demonstrating functional circuit activation as measured by fMRI, treatment effects on relevant domains of cognitions such as working memory, short-term memory, verbal recall and reasoning, and the potential for favorable benefit risk profile. Broadly speaking, we believe neurocognitive impairment is a central node in the network of symptomatology that defines many neurological diseases. Therefore, we believe BIIB104 may have potential applicability in multiple diseases within our core and emerging growth areas. As we strive to be the neuroscience leader, we continue to prioritize our activities and build depth in what we believe are our most promising programs and disease areas. With that in mind, last month we made the strategy decision to terminate our collaboration with AGTC to develop AAV-based gene therapies for X-linked retinoschisis or XLRS and X-linked retinitis pigmentosa or XLRP based in part on recent clinical data in XLRS. We have also decided to terminate specific programs included in our collaboration with the University of Pennsylvania. To be clear, our SMA gene therapy program with UPenn, which remains on clinical hold with the FDA, is not affected by this decision. Overall, Biogen R&D delivered significant progress in 2018. We believe we are in a strong position today with four programs in Phase 3, 13 in Phase 2, and seven in Phase 1 with the deep pre-clinical pipeline across multiple modalities and we continue to generate clinical data that reinforce our commitment to neuroscience and the intrinsic interconnectivity of the space. For instance, we believe our recent positive date on BIIB067 in SOD1 ALS, resonate across our pipeline, supporting the depth we are building in ALS and highlighting the promise of our collaboration with Ionis to leverage the antisense oligonucleotide platform across a range of neurological disorders. And we don't stop there. To realize our vision of becoming the definitive leader in neuroscience, we look forward to continuing to invest in and advance our pipeline in asymmetric capabilities with the goal of developing innovative medicines with the potential to transform the lives of patients living with devastating neurological diseases. I will now pass the call to Jeff.
Jeff Capello: Thanks, Mike. Good morning, everyone. Let me now provide some detail on our financial performance for 2018 and share with you our guidance for 2019. Let's start with revenues. As Michel mentioned earlier, we had a strong Q4 2018 from a revenue perspective. Total revenue for the fourth quarter grew 7% year-over-year or approximately $3.5 billion and grew 10% for the full year to $13.5 billion. Overall, our MS business delivered revenues of $2.3 billion in the fourth quarter of 2018, including OCREVUS royalties for approximately $152 million. MS revenues in the fourth quarter of 2018 decreased 1% versus the prior year without OCREVUS royalties and increased 2% including OCREVUS royalties. In the U.S. MS revenues in the fourth quarter 2018 benefited from channel inventory build for approximately $115 million, compared to a build of approximately $15 million in Q4, 2017. Our U.S. business continued to show signs of stabilization in the fourth quarter, continuing the trends of improving year-over-year performance we saw throughout 2018. Full year MS revenues were $9.1 billion including OCREVUS royalties of approximately $478 million, representing a decrease of less than 1% versus the prior year. Excluding OCREVUS royalties, MS revenue decreased 4% versus the prior year. Full year 2018 MS revenues benefited by approximately $86 million versus the prior year due to changes in foreign exchange rates, net of hedging. Global fourth quarter TECFIDERA revenues were $1.1 billion, a 3% increase versus the prior year. This included revenues of $856 million in the U.S., an increase of 3% versus the fourth quarter 2017 and $254 million outside the U.S., an increase of 4% versus the fourth quarter of 2017. TECFIDERA benefited from increase in channel inventory in U.S. of approximately $65 million in the fourth quarter 2018 compared to an increase of approximately $40 million in Q4 2017. We were pleased to see continued relative stability in new prescriptions in U.S. as we have now anniversaried the launch of OCREVUS. Outside the U.S., we performed very well in Q4 2018 with double-digit volumes increases in Europe and Japan versus the prior year. Somewhat offset by pricing pressures in several European countries. For the full year, worldwide TECFIDERA revenues were $4.3 billion, an increase of 1% versus prior year. This included $3.3 billion in the U.S. and $1 billion in sales outside the U.S. The Interferon revenues including both AVONEX and PLEGRIDY were $597 during the fourth quarter, a decrease of 7% versus of Q4 2017 due to continued shift from the injectable platforms to oral or high-efficiency therapies. This included $4.31 million in the U.S. and $166 million in sales outside the U.S. Within the U.S. AVONEX and PLEGRIDY benefited from the channel inventory build for approximately $40 million compared to a build of approximately $10 million in the fourth quarter of 2017. For the full year, worldwide Interferon revenues were $2.4 billion, consisted of $1.7 billion in the U. S. and $695 million in sales outside the U.S. TYSABRI worldwide revenues were $464 million this quarter, stable versus the fourth quarter of 2017. This included $257 million in the U.S. and $208 million outside the U.S. In the U.S. revenues increased 2% versus of the prior year. Within the U.S. TYSABRI benefited from a channel inventory build of approximately $10 million compared to relatively stable inventory levels in the fourth quarter 2017. Within the fourth quarter, we saw continued improvement in TYSABRI performance in the U. S. with the highest new prescription share since the launch of OCREVUS. Outside the U.S. TYSABRI revenue increased 1% versus the prior year. For the full year, worldwide TYSABRI revenues were approximately $1.9 billion, a decrease of 6% versus the prior year, primarily due to the launch of OCREVUS. We recorded U.S. revenues of $1 billion in the U.S. and $839 million internationally. As expected across our MS business, we saw an increased discounts and allowances in the U.S. in the fourth quarter, primarily due to seasonality. Throughout 2019, we expect another couple hundred basis points of pressure on discounts and allowances with a typical seasonality in the first and fourth quarters. Overall, we were very pleased with the performance of our MS business in 2018 and are focused on maintaining the resilience of this franchise in light of new competition entering the market. We expect the rate of change in full year global MS product revenues excluding OCREVUS to be similar in 2019 versus 2018, mostly offset by expected growth of OCREVUS royalties. Additionally, we expect a potential inventory draw down in the first quarter of 2019. Let me now move on to SPINRAZA. Global fourth quarter SPINRAZA revenues were $470 million, a $30 million increase versus the prior year and relatively flat versus the third quarter. This included revenues of $236 million in U.S., an increase of 5% versus the third quarter and $234 million outside the U.S. a decrease of 4% versus Q3. For the full year 2018, worldwide SPINRAZA revenues were nearly double to $1.7 billion. This included $854 million in the U.S. and $870 million in sales outside the U.S. The number of patients on therapy in U.S. increased by 9% as compared to the end of third quarter of 2018 and discontinuations remained relatively low. In the U.S., we continue to make strong progress with adults. In the fourth quarter more than 50% of new starts were adults, increasing the total number of adult patients on SPINRAZA to nearly 1,000, an increase of approximately 20% versus the third quarter of 2018. We saw a continued increase in the revenue contribution from maintenance doses this quarter. In the U.S., approximately 65% of SPINRAZA units in the fourth quarter were attributed to maintenance doses as compared approximately 60% in the third quarter. In the fourth quarter, approximately 15% of U.S. SPINRAZA units were dispensed through our pre-drug program, similar to the third quarter and a decrease from approximately 20% a year ago. Outside the U.S., the number of commercial SPINRAZA patients increased approximately 18% versus the prior quarter and there are approximately 260 patients active in the expanded access program. We recorded revenue from over 40 international markets in the fourth quarter. Despite overall -- excuse me, despite strong overall patient growth, fourth quarter ex-U.S. SPINRAZA revenue increase slightly versus the third quarter due to combination of lower volumes in certain markets due to lowing dose dynamics, the timing of shipments in certain distributor markets, and pricing dynamics in certain markets. In 2019, we expect global SPINRAZA revenues to grow in the mid to high-teens and we expect growth in both the U.S. and outside the U.S. We expect global SPINRAZA revenue to be relatively stable in Q1 2019 versus Q4 2018 due to seasonality followed by quarter-over-quarter growth. Outside of the U.S., we expect continued patient growth in 2019, although at a slower pace in 2018. Overall, we were very pleased with both the performance and outlook for SPINRAZA as we continue to believe it has delivered the best launch from an orphan drug ever and continue to deliver strong growth for the company. Let me now move to our biosimilars business, which generates $156 million revenue this quarter, an increase of 28% versus the prior year. Full year biosimilar revenues were $545 million, an increase of 44% versus the prior year. BENEPALI continue to be the market leader in countries such as U.K., Denmark and Norway, and became the market leader in the Germany in the fourth quarter. TYSABRI revenues grew 24% quarter-over-quarter. In October 17th, we launched IMRALDI, our biosimilar referencing HUMIRA. While it is too early to comment on specific share data, we can say that we are very pleased with IMRALDI sales performance in the first quarter in the market, in many cases surpassing the initial rate of uptake from BENEPALI With the launch of IMRALDI, Biogen became the first company to offer all of the three main anti-TNF biosimilars across Europe. In 2019, we expect double-digit revenue growth from a biosimilars business, primarily driven by the launch of IMRALDI. Turning to our anti-CD20 revenues, we recorded $535 million for the fourth quarter, an increase of 29% versus the prior year, primarily driven by OCREVUS royalties. Full year anti-CD20 revenues were $2 billion, a 27% increase versus 2017. Within anti-CD20 revenues our estimated OCREVUS royalties were $152 million for the fourth quarter and $478 million for the full year. We expect a slight decline in anti-CD20 revenue in 2019, driven by the expected launch of RITUXAN biosimilars in the second half of the year. Total other revenues were $166 million in the fourth quarter, a decrease of 8% versus the prior year. Other revenues were $586 million for the full year, an increase of 63% versus 2017. In 2019, we anticipate a modest increase in these revenues with revenue heavily loaded in the first quarter due to the affected timing of sales of approximately $200 million of remaining inventory associated with the Bioverativs spinoff, which carries a lower gross margin. Let me now turn to gross margin performance. Q4 2018 gross margin was 86% of revenues versus approximately 86% in the fourth quarter of 2017, driven by unfavorable net mix of revenue in Q4 2017. Gross margins for the full year of 2018 were approximately 86%, relatively flat compared to the full year 2017. In 2019, we expect gross margin compression due to sale of remaining Bioverativ inventory just discussed were substantially all the impact anticipated in the first quarter. Q4 GAAP R&D expense was 17% of revenue or $612 million. Q4 non-GAAP R&D expense was also 17% of revenue or $602 million. Q4 R&D expense includes $35 million opt-in payment we made to Ionis related to BIIB067 for ALS and $17 million related to our collaboration agreement with C4 Therapeutics. Full year GAAP R&D expense was 19% of revenue or $2.6 billion. Full year non-GAAP R&D expense was 18% of revenue or $2.4 billion. We expect Q1 2019 R&D expense to include approximately $35 million, related to our collaboration agreement with Skyhawk. Q4 GAAP and non-GAAP SG&A were both 17% of revenue or $591 million. Full year GAAP and non-GAAP SG&A were both 16% of sales or $2.1 billion. Both GAAP and non-GAAP SG&A increase versus the prior quarter, due to the timing of spend as well as certain investments across sales and marketing, worldwide medical and G&A. In 2019, we expect total OpEx per quarter to be slightly above $1.1 billion, as we continue to invest in our pipeline and prepare for the potential launch of aducanumab. GAAP other net expense which includes interest was $29 million in Q4 and GAAP other net income was $11 million for the full year. Non-GAAP other net expense was $16 million in Q4 and $117 million for the full year. We expect other net expense to be lower in 2019 due to higher interest income resulting from larger cash balances and higher interest rates versus 2018. In Q4, our GAAP tax rate was approximately 33% as we booked a GAAP tax charge of $136 million related to the initial recognition of deferred taxes on the GILTI tax of international earnings, a component of U.S. corporate tax reform by this legislation. In Q4, our non-GAAP tax rate was approximately 21%. For the full year, our GAAP tax rate was approximately 24% and our non-GAAP tax rate was roughly 21%. In 2019, we expect the underlying run rate for our tax rates to benefit by approximately 200 basis points as a result of U.S. corporate tax reform. Our weighted average diluted share count was approximately $200 million for the fourth quarter and $205 million for the full year. We repurchased approximately 1.3 million shares in the fourth quarter at an average price of $311.24 for a total value of approximately $1.4 billion, which now brings us to our diluted earnings per share. In the fourth quarter, we booked GAAP EPS of $4.73 compared to GAAP loss of $1.40 per share in the fourth quarter 2017 and non-GAAP earnings of $6.99 per share, a 33% increase versus the prior year. For the full year, GAAP EPS was $21.58, an 81% increase versus 2017 and non-GAAP EPS was $26.20, a 20% increase versus 2017. As a reminder, fourth quarter and full year 2017 GAAP EPS was negatively impacted by $5.51 due to U.S. corporate tax reform. We generated approximately $1.9 billion in net cash flows from operations in the fourth quarter and approximately $6.2 billion for the full year. We ended the quarter with approximately $4.9 million in cash and marketable securities and $5.9 million in debt. Let me now turn to our full year guidance for 2019. We expect revenues of approximately $13.6 billion to $13.8 billion assuming current foreign exchange rates. We anticipate gross margins of 85% to 86%, driven by the unfavorable mix issues I discussed earlier. We anticipate R&D expense between 16% and 17% of revenue. Of note, guidance does not include any impact from potential acquisitions or large business development transactions as both are hard to predict. We expect SG&A expense to be approximately 16% to 17% of revenues, as we expect to begin meaningful investments in launch preparation activities for aducanumab. We anticipate our GAAP tax rate for 2019 to be between 18.5% to 19.5% and our non-GAAP tax rate to be between 18% to 19%. We anticipate full year GAAP diluted EPS results of $26.65 to $27.65 representing growth of 23% to 28% and non-GAAP diluted EPS to be $28 to $29, representing growth of 7% to 11%. From a quarterly perspective, it's important to recognize that we had a large business development expense in Q2 2018 effecting the year-over-year comparison for Q2 2019. I'll now turn the call back over to Michel for his closing comments.
Michel Vounatsos: Thank you, Jeff. We closed 2018 with strong commercial performance, double-digit earnings growth versus a year ago and strong execution of our strategy. We opened 2019 with the announcement of two business development deals. We have enhanced our neuroscience pipeline and broaden our capabilities across multiple modalities as we prepare for multiple upcoming important readouts. Biogen's vision and strategy are clear. As a pioneer, we aim to capture the significant unmet medical need in neuroscience with a goal of bringing potential new therapies faster and more efficiently to patients. For 2019, we aim to continue our momentum and achieve our guidance. To deliver on our aspirations, we remain focused on executing well on our strategic priorities to fortify our core business in MS and SMA. And also, allocate capital to expand and progress our neuroscience pipeline while opportunistically returning capital to shareholders. Biogen will continue to actively pursue business development and M&A. Within the next 12 to 18 months, we expect further progress as we aim to build a multi-franchise neuroscience portfolio including data reduction Alzheimer's, including the final Phase 3 data for aducanumab as well as MS and PSP. Up to five new assets advancing into the clinic and potentially regulatory approval in the U.S. for VUMERITY in MS. Finally, I want to reiterate our commitment to maximizing return to our shareholders and bringing innovative strategies to patients over the long-term. These demands that we continue to allocate capital efficiently, effectively and appropriately. As we have demonstrated in the past, we will always strive to have an optimal capital structure as well as aim for superior return from the investment we make. Once again, I would like to thank our employees around the world, who are dedicated to making a positive impact on patients life and all of the physician, caregivers and participants in our clinical development programs, our past and future achievements could not be realized without the passion and commitment. With that, we will open the call for questions.
Operator: Certainly. [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Geoff Meacham with Barclays. Your line is open.
Geoff Meacham: Hey, guys good morning. Thanks a lot for the question. Michel, when I look at 2019 guidance, it reflects a slower growth profile for both revenue and earnings. So, the question is from a strategy perspective, does this alter your view on BD, your capital allocation, or do you look at 2019 growth as more of a temporary trend? And then Mike or Al, real quick, I just wanted to ask you guys on the new Phase 3 study for aducanumab in earlier stage Alzheimer's. Was this informed at all from ENGAGE, EMERGE or PRIME or something else? Thanks.
Michel Vounatsos: Thanks for the good questions. So, the strategy as you know is clear and simple and very usable. Theres three main reasons to believe; first, we have a strong underlying momentum, solid base, value proposition, improving with the offer of biosimilars and we are working on the operating model. Second, we have a strong and stronger engine for growth with all the enhanced pipeline that Mike spoke about, and we have very important landmark study readouts in the coming period, so this is a very exciting place to be. Third, we have financial strengths. So concerning the BD and M&A, the drive first will be to continue to accelerate the buildup of our modalities and pipeline. This will be the key driver, scientific and strategic alignment. We will not go for bridging a potential gap because we are not on a burning platform. The team is building up very well; the management team is spending a lot of time on those activities. We have a broad range of targets and we are working on that but with pace and calm.
Al Sandrock: So, hi Jeff, this is Al. On your second question, we've been considering doing this preclinical study, we call it, for a few years now and it's part of our broader life cycle management strategy. I'd say the reasons why we're doing it are that many of our advisors and investigators have been encouraging us to do it for some time, and I would say also that the BAN2401 results that we got roughly six months ago increases our level of confidence in aducanumab, and then finally as you know FDA put out guidance recently that contemplates how you might get approval for early AD. So we believe one day, the standard of care will be to treat with amyloid-lowering drugs as early as possible and this trial will go a long way toward informing that.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Michael Yee with Jefferies. Your line is open.
Michael Yee: Thanks, good morning. Congrats on the good quarter. I know everyone is focused on interim analysis, so Im asking if there will be an interim analysis on aducanumab? Just asking actually, it feels like the street would like to know if you had one or if you had a futility analysis whether that would be disclosable if you passed either of those? I think Roche talks about the futility and how that's a material piece of information, so I just wanted to understand your view on whether you took either of those of if they will be on futility and whether thats disclosable? Thanks so much.
Al Sandrock: Mike, this is Al. I am really sorry, but we continue to have a policy here that we don't talk about interim analysis.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Terence Flynn with Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Terence Flynn: Hi. Thanks for taking the question. With respect to SPINRAZA ex-U.S, I was just wondering if you can give us a little bit more detail on the impact in the fourth quarter from pricing versus loading dose, and then maybe help us think about the pacing going into 2019? And ex-U.S. reimbursement progress, any new countries that you guys are expecting to come on board in 2019? Thanks.
Michael Ehlers: Thanks for the question. So just to reiterate, we're very pleased with the performance of SPINRAZA, both in the U.S. and outside the U.S. and think it has a very strong growth profile. It was up 60% year-over-year although down a little bit sequentially. As I mentioned, really there are three factors that drove the sequential decline and that was; one, a shift from loading to maintenance doses in some of the more mature markets in Europe, the timing of shipments in certain distributor markets which are hard to predict, and then pricing dynamics including unfavorable country mix. So as we look forward in 2019, we expect for that franchise to resume growth. We expect that to come from several sources. Number one, in the mature markets, just like we saw the dynamic of the shift in the U.S., we expect some of these larger markets to return to growth in 2019. Second, although the IPM, or International Partner Markets, will continue to be lumpy, they are a good source of growth for us, so we expect that to grow as well. And then if you look at new markets, either entry into new markets for expansion into markets that we've just recently entered, there's a number of kind of interesting things that are happening. If we look at Europe first, we expect to enter the U.K. at some point in 2019 which would be a good size opportunity. In Turkey, we've been very successful in Type 1. We expect to kind of get Type 2 and Type 3. Saudi Arabia, Poland, and Portugal are all markets we expect to enter as well from a European perspective. Moving around the world, Canada, we just recently got approval in the fourth quarter of 2018. We expect that to be a good growth opportunity for us and a good market. And then, if you look across the rest of the world, in Asia Pacific, South Korea, we expect to get reimbursement in that market in 2019. Taiwan is another good sized market, Hong Kong. And then, in China we expect to get in on a self-pay basis. And then, Latin America, Brazil could be a sizable country. Today it's on a one-off approval basis. We expect to get reimbursement from the epidemiology is in the thousands in Brazil. So there's ample opportunity for us to grow. It's diversified regionally and by country. That's a real testament to both the effectiveness and reception of SPINRAZA worldwide.
Michel Vounatsos: So we expect to grow SPINRAZA during 2019 in the U.S. and ex-U.S. Remember, in the U. S. one year ago we're not sure by the ability of the organization to penetrate the large adult segment of the prevalence and we add 15%. This has driven more than 50% of the new starts in Q4. There is still a very long way to go. The organization is ready, working on that and beyond the U.S. just give some color.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Geoffrey Porges with SVB Leerink. Your line is open.
Geoffrey Porges: Thank you very much and I appreciate all the information on the call. I had a question on BIIB067. Mike, could you talk a little bit about the data? When we might see it? Whether you've had a chance to discuss it with the FDA? The size of the cohort? And how quickly this could advance? You seem quite excited about the signal. And then, perhaps you could just address what the general principles you take away from this finding are for the rest of your program? Thanks.
Michael Ehlers: Yes. Thanks, Geoff, for the question. A few things, hopefully I'll touch on each of these points. We will plan to present the data at an upcoming scientific meeting. We haven't quite yet determined that, but that will be in the coming months where we'll be able to talk about it some length. We wouldn't really comment on our regulatory strategy at this point, I guess, what I would say is that we know this is a very severe disease. It's really little to nothing for these patients. So our anticipation here is that there would be good receptivity for the kind of efficacy that we think that we can see here. Just on the data itself, so this is a Phase I study, keep in mind it was designed to be a safety study as primary endpoint of this patients largely, but we incorporated a number of biomarker pharmacodynamic and clinical endpoints in this. And as I describe, it has been the collection of these both the lowering of SOD1 and the CSF has statistically significant a trend towards lowering in CSF neurofilament as well as three separate clinical outcomes, the ALSFRS, the slow vital capacity for respiratory function, the handheld dynamometry for muscle strength, and the concordance between these endpoints that have led to our excitement for these program. And I would say the general takeaways you're asking about its really two dimensions. One, is this is very, very encouraging to us across our ASO platform, I would say. This is our second foray after SPINRAZA. We've got many other clinical programs, new molecule as we get to the clinic. It shows us that in adult onset neurological disease we're targeting an RNase H-dependent mechanism that we are seeing signs of clinical efficacy. I believe it will be the first demonstration of proof-of-clinical concept in adults with an RNase H mechanism per se. So we're excited about that. That's one dimension. The other is that the promise that this holds broadly speaking for us in ALS, and neuromuscular disease in general.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Cory Kasimov with JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Cory Kasimov: Great, good morning. Thanks for taking my question. So, Al, I know you won't comment on any potential internal interim analysis. But I'm curious to get your thoughts around the expected upcoming interim readout for Roches crenezumab in Alzheimer's, and so far as what you see as some of the kind of the key similarities and differences between your drug and Roches drug? And also whether you see much of a read through to aducanumab based on these pending results?
Al Sandrock: Hi, Cory. I be cautious about too much read through. First of all these are not the same antibodies, crenezumab binds to sort of a mid-domain in A-beta42 peptide, aducanumab and BAN both are in terminal. Aducanumab and BAN are highly selective for aggregated forms of A-beta both soluble oligomers as well as insoluble fibrils, crenezumab doesn't have that same level of specificity. I think it's important to note that crenezumab is an IgG4, which doesn't have full effect or function, whereas, BAN and adu both have full effect or function. And finally, we just saw the results published recently on crenezumab Phase 2 where even their high dose IV arm, they did not show statistically significant lowering of amyloid plaque whether you use subcortical white matter or cerebellum as a reference region. So that's another important difference between aducanumab and BAN, both of which show substantial reduction in amyloid plaque burden in human. So I think there are some notable differences, and I'll be cautious about too much of a read through.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Chris Raymond with Piper Jaffray. Your line is open.
Chris Raymond: Hey, thanks. Just a couple of financial questions. Just on the tax guidance, I think you're guiding to 200 to 300 bps lower year-on-year, and I know you cited corporate tax reform as the driver. But can you just maybe talk about the step down from 2018 or even the Q4 rate, which presumably should have benefited in tax reform? And is that number sustainable beyond 2019? And then just on the inventory, I think last year you guys had $50 million Q4 inventory build for the MS franchise. This year I think it looks like it more than double, can talk about what's driving that difference? Thanks.
Jeff Capello: Yeah, so on the tax rate, if you back up to 2017, when we -- when U.S. tax reform got passed, we dropped the tax rate about 300 basis points and at that point we said that there was a further reduction in the tax rate due to tax reform that because of the way our legal structure works from an international perspective, there was inventory that would turn to the system and that would be for the reduction of the race. So that 200 basis points is really kind of the higher simplistically think about is higher priced inventory from a tax perspective return to the system in 2018. So now in 2019 that inventory is gone, another raise is dropped. So I'm not able to kind of give you a long-term tax rate at this point. We don't know long-term guidance, but we're comfortable with the rate going down 200 basis points from 2018 to 2019. And then thereafter, it will depend on a lot of things including the distribution of earnings and other things. But for now, I think, the guidance for 2019 is something you can rely on. With regard to inventory, yes, so we built about $115 million worth of inventory in the fourth quarter compared to a build of roughly $50 million in the fourth quarter of last year, a lot of thats outside our control. We distribute our product through distributors and they decide to either build inventory or not and we'd recognize revenue on shipment into the channel, which is different than kind of the flow through or consumption of that inventory, which is what we highlighted for people so they can normalize. So it's just beyond our control. It's not something that we have control over. So it's driven by external factors and we do our best to kind of manage through those and make sure it's clear to people in terms of what's driving demand.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Umer Raffat with Evercore. Your line is open.
Umer Raffat: Hi, guys. Thanks for taking my questions. First on aducanumab. My question is, and I have fully acknowledged and I don't think I ever asked about that interim. But my question is this. I realized there's a policy of not commenting on it, but once you do get a notification from the DSMB, given the sheer materiality of this, will you not put out a statement? And I guess that's really what I'm trying to get at, like, for example, trials continues as planned, like, will that happen or not happen once there is a notification to the management? And then Jeff, on inventory my question is, so the Q4  the inventory we saw on the slide and the disclosure for last year is obviously different than the inventory numbers that were reported last year, because of the change you guys implemented in 2Q. But my question is, in 2Q that inventory slide has two different metrics and it's been a little confusing to figure out when we see the inventory disclosures now, which of those metrics are actually being reported because the numbers are different on both.
Alfred Sandrock: Umer, this is Al, I am sorry, but we just cant comment on interim analysis.
Michael Ehlers: With regard to inventory, Umer, what we disclosed is the change within the quarter, for the beginning of the quarter to the end of the quarter, that's a number of thing we have consistently disclosed in the press releases so that is generally inventory build up by $115 million from the beginning of the fourth quarter to the end of the fourth quarter of 2018. Similarly in 2017 from the beginning of the fourth quarter of 2017 to the end, it's built by $50 million. So the change within the quarter is up $115 million in the fourth quarter of 2018 and up $50 million in the fourth quarter of 2017. So we think the relevant metric people should look at is what was the change within the quarter and if you want to know what the change was comparatively, you take the difference of the change in the change, which is $65 million I think that's pretty clear.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Matthew Harrison with Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
Matthew Harrison: Great. Good morning. Thanks for taking the question. I just want to clarify some comments you made about rebates and your outlook on the MS business, broadly can you just speak in a little bit more detail kind of like you were expecting a few hundred basis points of additional chargeback rebate pressure this year in the U.S. You thought that would be offset by OCREVUS, maybe you could just comment broadly on your outlook for the MS business in the U.S. and outside the U.S.? Thanks.
Michael Ehlers: So I think you're referring to two different things. I think we said we expect that our discount and allowances in the U.S. take to offer another couple hundred basis points which is very similar to what happened in 2018. And that's been driven by the mix of the business becoming more Medicaid, Medicare and 340B Hospital reliant in terms of the channel it goes through where there is higher discounts. So no different than the trend we saw from 2017 to 2018. We'll see more pressure from 2018 to 2019. With regard to the performance of the MS business, I think we said that we expect that business globally to perform similarly excluding OCREVUS to what it did in 2018. And then for any difference would be made out by the OCREVUS royalties and the combination of both of those to be resilient which we kind of, say, flattish. So we expect the kind of the trends with regard to improvement to continue in the U.S., which is very encouraging and the outside the U.S. we will continue to see some pricing pressure and competition with OCREVUS rolling through Europe.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ying Huang with Bank of America-Merrill Lynch. Your line is open.
Ying Huang: Hi. Good morning. Thanks for taking my questions. A quick one for maybe Al. We know that cladribine is being in the registration with FDA. I was wondering do have any thoughts on cladribine impact on the MS market? Could we see something like OCREVUS in the U.S. dynamics? And then secondly on SPINRAZA, from last quarter to this quarter your market share in infants and also in pediatrics have been stable about 50%. Do you see further growth in those two segments for SPINRAZA in the U.S. this year? Thank you.
Al Sandrock: Hi, Ying. This is Al. On cladribine its -- we welcome any new therapy for MS patients, that's good for patients and good for doctors to have multiple options for their patients because MS patients are different, every one of them. Having said that cladribine, it's oral, it's very convenient in the sense that you can give it every six months essentially a cycle every six months if you will, and the key question early on was the safety, which in some of the Phase III data there were some signals that were concerning, which prevented it from being approved a few years ago, and some of those questions may still remain, which takes sort of -- which makes the convenience of it less optimal if you will. So I'll just stop there.
Michel Vounatsos: Concerning SPINRAZA in the U.S. for infants and children if it was your question, we do believe that it is still opportunity to improve the penetration. The reason why we are 50% for infants is that some are still too advanced, and therefore they cannot be dosed. For children and toddlers, one of the challenge was the complex spine, and we can see that the clinicians are able to dose better nowadays that they have more experience. So, we should be able to continue to make reasonable inroads. The biggest potential again remains really adult, the 60% opportunity for, which we penetrated thoroughly 15% and now have the capability, the reach and the infrastructure in terms of dosing capability and coverage is establishing the U.S.
Al Sandrock: Just as a reminder, we've got 2,600 patients in therapy in U.S. today; we estimate the total potential is 9,000. There's a lot of room to grow from perspective interest.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Alethia Young with Cantor Fitzgerald. Your line is open.
Alethia Young: Hey, guys thanks for taking my question. Congrats on the progress. I guess, I want to talk a little bit more about, what you think have been impactful in your efforts with adult, SMA, and Ive seen that you're making some progress there. So, just wanted to get some more color on that? Thank you.
Michel Vounatsos: I would like to say that it starts with the team and the capability that Biogen was able to deploy in the marketplace. It takes a little bit of time for the more urgent infant population, for which we new that was a natural history the outcome of it, and the treatment centers were well identified. For the adult population, less symptomatic that can live with some symptoms but they can live quite long life. It was a bit more difficult and challenging to find treating centers and to mobilize them for a better quality of life. So this is why it took a little bit more time. So we enlarge the team, we did a lot of work in terms of medical affairs, and finally we showed that for the adult population there were incremental gains in functionality and this played a very important role. Al you want to add?
Al Sandrock: Yeah, I mean, many of these patients weren't seeing a neurologist anymore. They were maybe seeing rehab specialists, but they had -- since there was no treatment, they really weren't seeing neurologist even neuromuscular neurologist weren't really seeing them. But now that there is a treatment, they're starting to find doctors and the doctors -- and it turns out their neuromuscular doctors are the same ones that are treating ALS patients by the way that are now treating a SPINRAZA patients that plus the fact that interventional radiologists have gotten really good at finding ways to get into this -- into the intrathecal space when people with complex spine, spinal fusions and other things present, and so I think it's a combination of both.
Operator: Your final question comes from the line of Robyn Karnauskas with Citi. Your line is open.
Robyn Karnauskas: Hi, guys. Thank you for taking my question. So, because AveXis will be launching in kids, sometime people believe early for -- some time in middle of the year, in the first half of 2019, how do you view that uptake? And do you think it's  you mentioned that some of these babies have difficulty getting the intrathecal infusions, would you think that be the area in which they'd start to take share? Or do you still believe that AVONE most likely will get a combination approach of gene therapy and SPINRAZA? I'm just trying to get a sense of when we start to see that impact, how are you thinking about that for 2019 in your guidance? And then second question was, just on the inventory draw down, so do we still expect to have all of that inventory be taken out in the first quarter? Or do you think there'll be a higher level of inventory laying around for the year? Thanks.
Michael Ehlers: Okay. Robyn, this is Mike. I'll start on this and turn it over. I think our assumptions around the Novartis AVXS-101 gene therapy launch is, they've disclosed they filed in the U.S., E.U. and Japan for Type 1. Our base case is that they launch in the middle of the year and we expect that their initial label to be for Type 1 patients and mainly infants. And of course, we've been talking about it in the call, the majority of patient in Type 2 increase. So we really see this as probably being positioned for the Type 1 or the infantile SMA. Then I think the latter part of your first question was that we do think that there is opportunity for complementarity between modalities. The NURTURE data in our mind with SPINRAZA demonstrates a nearly maximal potential efficacy in terms of normal motor development if you treat in that first six-week period with SPINRAZA. That really I think sets the bar for the standard-of-care and it highlights the fact that at some level you really can't mess around on this. You've got a time window where maximal SMA protein expression really matters and I'd say the data that weve generated with SPINRAZA really sets the bar very high. 
Al Sandrock: And the with regard to your question on inventory, we would expect the vast majority of the $200 million worth of inventory would get sold through in the first quarter and then there would be none left. Although, we need to manufacturing with Bioverativ but that's completely separate  distinct from the legacy inventory.
Michel Vounatsos: So for 2019 we aim to continue our momentum while we are getting ready for very important readouts. Thank you all for joining us today on our call. 
Operator: This concludes the Biogen Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2018 Financial Results and Business Update Call. We thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2018 Q3  (2018-10-23 08:00:00) =====
Executives: Matt Calistri - Vice President, Investor Relations Michel Vounatsos - Chief Executive Officer Michael Ehlers - EVP, Research & Development Jeff Capello - Chief Financial Officer Al Sandrock - Chief Medical Officer
Analysts: Umer Raffat - Evercore Geoff Meacham - Barclays Geoffrey Porges - Leerink Matthew Harrison - Morgan Stanley Ying Huang - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Cory Kasimov - JPMorgan Michael Yee - Jefferies Phil Nadeau - Cowen and Company Carter Gould - UBS Salim Syed - Mizuho Robyn Karnauskas - Citi Ronny Gal - Bernstein Terence Finn - Goldman Sachs Chris Raymond - Piper Jaffray
Operator: Good morning. My name is Dan, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Biogen Third Quarter 2018 Financial Results and Business Update. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. I would now like to turn the conference over to Mr. Matt Calistri, Vice President, Investor Relations. You may begin your conference.
Matt Calistri: Thank, Dan. Thank you. And welcome to Biogen's third quarter 2018 earnings conference call. Before we begin, I encourage everyone to go to the Investors section of biogen.com to find the earnings release and related financial tables, including a reconciliation of the GAAP to non-GAAP financial measures that we will discuss today. Our GAAP financials are provided in Tables 1 and 2. Table 3 includes a reconciliation of our GAAP to non-GAAP financial results. We believe non-GAAP financial results better represent the ongoing economics of our business and reflect how we manage the business internally. We have also posted slides on our website that follow the discussions related to this call. I would like to point out that we will be making forward-looking statements, which are based on our current expectations and beliefs. These statements are subject to certain risks and uncertainties and our actual results may differ materially. I encourage you to consult the Risk Factors discussed in our SEC filings for additional detail. On today's call, I'm joined by our Chief Executive Officer, Michel Vounatsos; Dr. Michael Ehlers, EVP of Research and Development; and our CFO, Jeff Capello. We will also be joined for the Q&A portion of the call by our Chief Medical Officer, Dr. Al Sandrock. Before I conclude, I would also like to remind everyone, that we now post releases related to earnings call and Investor Events on the Investors section of Biogen's website, www.biogen.com. And issue statement on Twitter when they become available. We do this instead of publishing earnings releases and any releases related to Investor Events and earnings calls via Newswire services. Our Twitter handle is @biogen. Now, Ill turn the call over to Michel.
Michel Vounatsos: Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us. First, let me begin with some financial highlights. Compared to the same period a year ago, Biogen's third quarter revenues grew 12% to $3.4 billion, third quarter GAAP earnings per share grew 24% to $7.15 and non-GAAP EPS grew 17% to $7.40. We are pleased with this year-over-year double-digit topline and bottom line growth, as we continue to execute on our strategy to solidify our long-term leadership position in neuroscience. Now let me review the accomplishments we delivered in the third quarter. First, our MS core business including OCREVUS royalties remained stable versus prior year and delivered revenues of $2.3 billion. The number of patients on our MS products globally also remained relatively stable versus the prior year. In the U.S. we saw increasing trends for both TECFIDERA and TYSABRI on a year-over-year basis. Outside the U.S., we continued to add patients across multiple geographies. Second, SPINRAZA global revenues grew to $468 million, driven by quarter-over-quarter and year-over-year revenue growth in the U.S. and even greater revenue growth outside the U.S. The number of commercial patients on SPINRAZA increased by approximately 20% from last quarter and we now have close to 6,000 patients on SPINRAZA, including the expanded access program and clinical trials. In the U.S., we continued making progress with adults. In the third quarter more then 50% of new starts were adults, increasing the number of adult populated patients on SPINRAZA by more then 20% compared to last quarter. Outside the U.S., the pace of reimbursement for SPINRAZA across multiple geographies lead to meaningful revenue growth with significant revenue contribution not just from Europe, but also from Asia-Pac and Latin America. We have received regulatory approval in five more countries and we have made two more regulatory filings. We also secured formal reimbursement in four additional countries, including Canada and now have formal reimbursement in 28 markets. We were very proud to announce new data from the NURTURE study of SPINRAZA of the 25 presymptomatic infants with genetically diagnosed SMA that was treated with SPINRAZA, many were achieving milestones consistent with normal development. All the patients were alive without ventilation and able to sit without support. 22 patients or 88% were able to walk either with assistance or independently and 88% was normal bullbar function. We believe the long-term data we are generating across a broad patient populations underscore the compelling efficacy profile of SPINRAZA. This is the kind of innovation and progress that inspires us to tackle some of the most difficult and challenging disease areas within neuroscience. Third, we continue to develop our neuroscience pipeline as we look to prioritize our investments towards areas with highest probability of success, while building depth in core areas of expertise. Within MS and neuroimmunology we are working to expand our long-term leadership position, and this quarter we completed enrolment of the Phase 2 trial of Opicinumab, a potential remyelination therapy. Along with Eisai we are presenting data this week for our industry leading Alzheimer's disease portfolio at the CTAD meeting in Barcelona. We are building for the depth in neuromuscular diseases with initiation of a Phase 1 trial of BIIB078, an ASO targeting C9ORF72 the most common genetic cause of ALS and we continue to be optimistic about the potential for BIIB067 targeting SOD-1 for ALS. We are making notable progress in movement disorders having completed enrolment in the Phase 2 first of BIIB092, an anti-tau antibody, in progressive supranuclear palsy or PSP. BIIB092 has been granted fast-track designation from the FDA. We also continue to advance BIIB054 in Phase 2 for Parkinson's disease. Within our emerging growth area of acute neurology we dosed the first patient in our Phase 3 trial of BIIB093, a first-in-class IV glibenclamide for large hemispheric infarction. And beyond our neuroscience pipeline we initiated a Phase 2b trial of BG11 in idiopathic pulmonary fibrosis. Mike, will provide more details on the development across our entire pipeline. Our biosimilar business grew revenues to $135 million, which represents 33% growth year-over-year. We believe that there are now more than 100,000 patients treated with our biosimilars in Europe. Last week we launched IMRALDI, our adalimumab biosimilar referencing HUMIRA. With an originator market of approximately $4 billion per year in Europe. IMRALDI is now available in several European markets, with IMRALDI we are now able to offer biosimilars of the three main anti-TNFs, providing physicians with more options to meet the needs of patients. We believe the significant savings from biosimilars in European markets can create headroom for innovative therapies. As a reminder, we exercised our option to own approximately 49.9% of the Samsung Biopis joint venture and we expect this transaction to close by the end of the year. Importantly, our cash generation remains very strong and continue to provide us with significant optionality and flexibility to allocate capital. Since the beginning of the year, we have completed five business development deals and repurchased 10.5 million shares. During the third quarter, we generated $1.7 billion in cash flow from operations. We continue to diligently evaluating opportunities for potential business development and M&A and our board has authorized a $3.5 billion share repurchase program. As we have demonstrated in the past, we are committed to maximizing returns for shareholders, while continuing to bring innovative therapies to patients, something that demands a thoughtful approach towards all our investment over both the short and the long-term. In summary, Biogen executed on strategy and continued to deliver noticeable progress. Our core MS business demonstrated resilience. SPINRAZA continued to grow in the U.S. and even more so outside of the U.S. and we remain committed to our goal of being the long-term standard of care in SMA. We initiated a new study in ALS and completed enrolment of studies in MS and PSP, as we aim to develop our neuroscience portfolio and build depths in our most promising core and emerging growth areas. We grew our biosimilars business and have launched IMRALDI in Europe. We are actively implementing a leaner and simpler operating model and we generated ample cash as we focus on strategically allocating capital to develop and build depths in our neuroscience portfolio, again with a goal of maximizing shareholder returns and bringing innovative therapies to patients. I will now turn the call over to Mike for a more detailed update on our recent progress in R&D.
Michael Ehlers: Thank you, Michel and good morning, everyone. In the third quarter we made important progress across our differentiated neuroscience pipeline, including our industry leading Alzheimer's disease portfolio. So I'm delighted today to review advances we made across our core and emerging growth areas, as we prioritize our activities and build depth in our most promising programs in disease areas. Starting with Alzheimer's disease and dementia. This week we are presenting data at the Clinical Trials and Alzheimer's Disease meeting or CTAD on the safety and efficacy of aducanumab, our monoclonal antibody of the binds soluble and insoluble aggregated forms of beta amyloid, including oligomers, protofibrils and fibrils. These presentations will include a 36 month analysis of the aducanumab titration dosing regimen and a 48 month analysis of the fixed dose cohort both from the long-term extension of the Phase 1b PRIME study of patients with early Alzheimer's disease. The results are generally consistent with the previous interim analyses and there were no changes to the risk benefit profile of aducanumab. Live webcasts of our oral presentations, as well as an investor Q&A call will be available on the Investor section of our website. Also at CTAD, our collaborator Eisai will present a clinical and biomarker updates from the Phase 2 study of BAN2401. These results will be presented in an oral session at CTAD and a live webcast of the presentation will be available on Eisais website. Additionally, Eisai will present safety and efficacy data from the Phase 2 study of elenbecestat, a small molecule base inhibitor being evaluated in two Phase 3 studies in patients with mild cognitive impairment or mild dementia due to Alzheimer's disease. In parallel to advancing Phase 3 clinical development aducanumab, we are also planning to initiate EVOLVE, a Phase 2 study designed to assess the clinical relevance of asymptomatic amyloid related imaging abnormality or ARIA. Aducanumab has been generally well tolerated in patients with Alzheimer's disease with ARIA being the primary safety and tolerability finding. The goal of EVOLVE is to test the hypothesis in a prospectively design study that continuation of dosing with aducanumab in the absence of symptoms does not have clinically impactful safety outcomes. We expect this study to begin by the end of the year. Beyond beta amyloid, we are advancing a number of assets targeting tau, which we believe plays an important and complementary role in Alzheimer's disease pathogenesis. Specifically, we continue to advance BIIB076 and BIIB092 both anti-tau antibodies, as well BIIB080, an antisense oligonucleotide targeting tau production. We expect full data from the Phase 1 study of BIIB076 in early 2020. Turning to MS and neuroimmunology. This quarter we completed enrolment of FFINITY, a 72 week Phase 2b study of opicinumab as an add-on therapy to disease modifying therapies for relapsing remitting multiple sclerosis. Opicinumab is a first-in-class human monoclonal antibody directed against LINGO-1 and is being evaluated to determine its potential for improving pre-existing disability in relapsing MS patients through remyelination. Enrolment of FFINITY was completed approximately seven months ahead of schedule and we expect data in mid 2020. We continue to advance diroximel fumarate or BIIB098 in collaboration with Alkermes, as a new oral option that may provide benefit to many MS patients. We are currently enrolling patients in Part B of the head-to-head tolerability study versus TECFIDERA with data expected in mid 2019. This study is employing an adaptive trial design in which results from Part A are used to inform Part B and we have used this approach to update the endpoints and increase the sample size by 80 patients to 500. In parallel, Alkermes expects to submit the NDA for BIIB098 to the FDA by the end of this year, potentially positioning us for U.S. approval by early 2020. We are committed to expanding our leadership position in multiple sclerosis and we believe the next generation fumarate is an important part of our strategy. Earlier this month, Biogen presented data in over 70 oral and poster presentations at the 34th Congress of the European Committee for treatment and research in MS or ECTRIMS in Berlin. Key updates included results from the ENDORSE study, which demonstrate that the clinical benefits of TECFIDERA in newly diagnosed patients were maintained throughout nine years of continuous treatment. Additionally, an analysis from the TYSABRI observational programs reinforced the long-term safety and consistent effectiveness of TYSABRI over 10 years. We also presented data on serum neurofilament light or NfL, as a biomarker of disease activity in MS. Data indicated that serum NfL levels above a certain threshold were associated with gadolinium lesion count and new T2 lesion development. The number of patients with serum NfL levels above this threshold was significantly decreased following treatment with disease modifying therapies, particularly TYSABRI. Turning to our progress in movement disorders. This quarter we completed enrolment of a Phase 2 study of our anti-tau antibody BIIB092 for the treatment of progressive Supranuclear Palsy, a rare and devastating neurodegenerative disease in which tau pathology is believed to be the primary driver of neurodegeneration. BIIB092 has been granted fast track designation by the FDA and results from this 52 week study are expected in the second half of next year. Combined with our potentially best-in-class anti-alpha-synuclein antibody BIIB054 which is actively enrolling in a Phase 2 study for Parkinson's disease, we are leveraging our core neuroscience expertise to build depth in movement disorders. We also see strong R&D momentum within neuromuscular disorders. We continue to build on the growing body of clinical evidence for SPINRAZA as the standard-of-care and spinal muscular atrophy. Earlier this month at the Annual Congress of the World Muscle Society, we presented new interim results from NURTURE, an ongoing open label single arm efficacy and safety study of SPINRAZA in pre symptomatic infants with genetically diagnosed SMA. As of May, all patients in the study were alive and none required tracheostomy or permanent ventilation. 22 of 25 participants were able to walk either with assistance or independently according to the motor milestones standard of the World Health Organization and all were able to sit without support. Additionally, assessment of bullbar function revealed that 22 of 25 patients achieved a maximal score on the Hammersmith Infant Neurological Examination Section 1 evaluation of the ability to suck and swallow. Participants were also evaluated for motor function using the CHOP INTEND scale, out of a maximum of 64 points, mean CHOP INTEND scores were 62.6 per study participants with three copies of the SMN2 gene and 61.0 for those with two copies of the gene. We believe these data underscore the unprecedented efficacy profile of SPINRAZA as the standard-of-care in SMA with many patients achieving milestones consistent with normal development. We estimate that the majority of the treatable infant population is already being treated with SPINRAZA across multiple geographies. In our efforts to support the broad use of SPINRAZA, we are working with the SMA community to enable intrathecal dosing for patients with scoliosis or spinal fusions. We have seen meaningful progress in the field, including a recent publication out of Phoenix Children's Hospital outlining a potential treatment paradigm to those patients with complex spines. This site noted the successful administration of 104 doses amongst 26 children with 100% technical success, utilizing techniques such as imaging directed injection or catheter placement for patients with complex spines. We are highly encouraged by the strong response to the SMA a clinical community and excellent outcomes that have been achieved to make intrathecal delivery a routine procedure for SMA patients. Today, we estimate there have been over 30,000 injections of SPINRAZA performed globally and we believe intrathecal injections may become widely used for severe neurological diseases beyond SMA. As previously communicated, the IND for our SMA gene therapy program is currently on clinical hold in the US. Through additional interactions with the FDA, we have learned that the agency has questions regarding our preclinical data package. We are disappointed with these developments and we are currently assessing options to determine the extent to the viable [ph] path forward. Beyond SMA, we continue to progress our Phase 1 study of BIIB067 in ALS patients who harbor mutations in superoxide dismutase 1 or SOD1. The genetic cause of familial ALS. BIIB067 is an antisense oligonucleotide designed to directly target and reduce SOD1 expression. In addition to BIIB067, we have expanded clinical development within genetically defined subpopulations of ALS patients as we build depth in this indication. In collaboration with Ionis, this quarter we dosed the first patient in the Phase 1 trial of BIIB078, an antisense oligonucleotide designed to selectively target hexanucleotide repeat expansion in the chromosome 9 open reading frame 72 gene or C9ORF72, the most common genetic cause of ALS. BIIB078 selectively target C9ORF72 transcripts that contain hexanucleotide repeat expansions for degradation and may thereby mitigate C9ORF72 mediated pathology. These programs highlight our continued commitment to targeting the genetic origins of severe neurological diseases, including ALS. Moving to acute neurology. We continue to advance BIIB093, our first-in-class IV glibenclamide therapeutic for the prevention and treatment of cerebral edema associated with large hemisphere infarction. In the third quarter we dosed the first patient in CHARM, the Phase 3 trial of BIIB093 and we look forward to progressing this novel therapeutic approach in the severe stroke population. Along with our Phase 2 TMS-007 program, we are encouraged by the potential to advance innovation in this area of significant unmet medical needs. Within neuropathic pain, we recently received the results from the Phase 2b study of vixotrigine or BIIB74 in painful lumbosacral radiculophathy or PLSR. While the safety data were consistent with the safety profile reported in previous studies, the study did not meet its primary or secondary efficacy endpoints and we will be discontinuing development in this challenging indication. We expect to report more detailed results of this study at a future scientific forum. We continue to roll a Phase 2 study in small fiber neuropathy. In parallel, we have continued our FDA interactions regarding the design of the potential Phase 3 studies in trigeminal neuralgia. We will delay phase 3 initiation as we await the outcome of these ongoing regulatory interactions, a more detailed review of the PLSR data and insights from the ongoing small fiber neuropathy study. Outside of our core neuroscience focus, we have continued to advance a small number of legacy programs where the science remains compelling and we believe we can continue to add value. Earlier today, we announced topline results from a Phase 2b study evaluating the safety and efficacy of dapirolizumab pegol, an anti-CD40 ligand pegylated Fab, in adults with moderately-to-severely active systemic lupus erythematosus despite receiving standard-of-care treatment such as corticosteroids, anti-malarials and non-biological immunosuppressants. The primary endpoint of the study to demonstrate a dose response at 24 weeks on the British Isles Lupus Assessment Group based Composite Lupus Assessment was not met with a p value of 0.06. The study did demonstrate consistent and potentially meaningful improvements for the majority of clinical endpoints in patients treated with dapirolizumab pegol compared with placebo. In addition, biomarker data demonstrated evidence of proof of biology. Dapirolizumab pegol was well tolerated and demonstrated an acceptable safety profile. We continue to further evaluate these data, while assessing potential next steps. In addition, this quarter we dosed the first patient in the Phase 2b study of BG11 otherwise known as STX-100, a humanized monoclonal antibody directed against the alpha v beta 6 integrin in patients with idiopathic pulmonary fibrosis or IPF. The primary endpoint of this 52 week study is the yearly rate of change and Forced expiratory Vital Capacity and established measure of pulmonary function in IPF. BG11 previously demonstrated compelling proof of biology via substantial down regulation of the TGF beta pathway in IPF patients, as measured by inhibition of phosphorylated SMAD and alveolar macrophages isolated by bronchoalveolar lavage. Overall this quarter, the first patient in a Phase 3 stroke study put [ph] a compelling data supporting SPINRAZA is the standard-of-care in SMA, initiated two new clinical trials completed enrolment in two [ph] Phase 2 studies and continue to make rigorous data driven decisions on clinical development across our portfolio. Our aim is to continue building a portfolio momentum to realize our vision of being the neuroscience leader and transforming the lives of millions of patients living with neurological diseases. I will now pass the call to Jeff.
Jeff Capello: Thanks, Mike. Good morning, everyone. I'll now review our financial performance for the third quarter of 2013 starting with revenues. Total revenues for the third quarter were $3.4 billion, growing 12% year-over-year. Starting with our MS franchise revenues. Overall our MS business delivered revenues of $2.3 billion in the third quarter of 2018, including OCREVUS royalties for approximate $137 million. MS revenues in the third quarter of 2018 were down 3% versus the per year with OCREVUS royalties and were relatively stable including OCREVUS royalties. In the U.S., channel inventory levels were relatively stable for TECFIDERA, AVONEX and PLEGRIDY combined. Versus prior year foreign exchange rates and hedging had a minimal impact on ex U.S. MS product revenues for the third quarter. Global third quarter TECFIDERA revenues were $1.1 billion, a 2% increase versus the prior year. This included revenues of $842 million in the U.S., an increase of 1% versus the third quarter of 2017 and $248 million outside the U.S., an increase of 6% versus the third quarter of 2017. On a year-over-year basis, TECFIDERA revenues were relatively stable in the U.S. versus the decline we saw in the first and second quarters. In addition, we were very pleased with TECFIDERAs performance outside the U.S., driven by year-over-year patient growth across each large European market, solid emerging market growth and particularly strong performance in Japan where TECFIDERA has now reached over 25% market share. Even though trends outside the U.S. were strong, it's important to note that Q3 x U.S. TECFIDERA revenues were negatively impacted by ongoing price decreases in certain European countries. TYSABRI world wide revenues were $470 million this quarter, relatively stable versus the third quarter 2017. This included $253 million in U.S. and $217 million outside the U.S. In the U.S. revenues declined 5% versus the prior year, primarily due to the launch of OCREVUS. TYSABRIs relative performance continues to improve on a year-over-year basis after declining 8% in the second quarter 2018 and 18% in the first quarter of 2018 versus prior year. Outside the U.S., TYSABRI revenues increased 7% versus the prior year. TYSABRI patients increased in all major European markets versus prior year except for Germany where we have seen a moderate impact from the launch of OCREVUS. TYSABRI also benefited from strong double-digit patient growth in emerging markets. Interferon revenues including both AVONEX and PLEGRIDY were $590 million from the third quarter, a decrease of 11% versus the third quarter of 2017. This decline was primarily driven by lower volumes, as the market continues to move towards orals and high efficacy therapy's. Interferon revenues included $421 million in the U.S. and $169 million in sales outside the U.S. Overall, MS revenues, including our royalties on sales of OCREVUS were stable versus prior year. Moving forward, we expect continued stability through the balance of the year, as we expect the OCREVUS impact to be less significant on a year-over-year basis and we anticipate a moderate inventory channel build in the fourth quarter in the U.S. Let me now move to SPINRAZA. Global third quarter SPINRAZA revenues were $468 million. This included revenues of $220 formerly in the U.S., representing 9% growth as compared to the second quarter and $244 million outside the U.S., representing 12% growth compared to the second quarter. The number of patients on therapy in the U.S. increased by over 10%, as compared to the end of the second quarter. Discontinuations remained relatively low and continue to be driven primarily by mortality. We continue to believe there is significant opportunity in adults in the U.S. and are very encouraged by the progress we're making. The number of adults on therapy in the U.S. grew by over 20% versus [ph] the second quarter and in the third quarter are - over half the new patient starts in the U.S. were adults. In the U.S., we estimate we now have reached approximately 50% of all infants and pediatric patients. And we estimate we've reached approximately 15% of adults, an increase from approximately 10% in the second quarter. We estimate that about a third of our U.S. patients on therapy are now adults. As a reminder, our data indicate that approximately 5% of the prevalent SMA population are infants, 35% are pediatric patients and 60% are adults, highlighting the large number of untreated adult patients that we believe could benefit from SPINRAZA. We saw a continued increase in the revenue contribution from maintenance doses this quarter. In U.S. approximately 60% of SPINRAZA units in the third quarter were attributed to maintenance doses, as compared to 55% in the second quarter. In the third quarter the average doses per patient was approximately 1.1, roughly the same as the second quarter. In the third quarter approximately 15% of U.S. SPINRAZA units were dispensed through our pre-drug program, similar to the second quarter and a decrease from approximately 20% a year ago. We continue to see improved insurance coverage in U.S., as policies broaden their coverage criteria. We believe the inventory levels for SPINRAZA were relatively flat in the third quarter. We saw an increase in discounts and allowances for approximately 100 basis points versus the second quarter, due primarily to increased treatment through 340B hospitals. If a similar pre-drug percentage is maintained and with continued progress in treating adults, we expect to show stability in U.S. SPINRAZA revenues in the fourth quarter compared to the third quarter, recognizing there may be some seasonal dynamics impacting quarterly revenue trends. Outside the U.S., the number of commercial SPINRAZA patients increased approximately 29% versus the prior quarter and there are approximately 290 patients active in the expanded access program. We recorded revenues from over 30 international markets with approximately 75% of ex-U.S. SPINRAZA revenue in the third quarter coming from Germany, Italy, Japan, Brazil, Spain, France and Australia. We continue to believe that the international opportunity for SPINRAZA is even greater than in U.S., as we continued the momentum of the new country launches and we believe there is significant ex-U.S. opportunity not just in Europe, but also in Asia-Pacific and Latin American markets. We expect to see continued revenue growth ex-U.S. for SPINRAZA in Q4, as patient growth continues, although at a more modest rate in more mature markets. Let me now move onto our biosimilars business, which generated $135 million in revenue this quarter, a 33% increase versus the prior year. We believe that there are now more than 100,000 patients treated with our biosimilars in Europe. BENEPALI continues to be the market leader in countries such as the U.K., Denmark and Norway and exceeds 40% volume share in Germany, Italy and Sweden. FLIXABI volumes grew by 19% versus the second quarter, mostly in Italy. Last week we launched IMRALDI, a biosimilar referencing HUMIRA which is now available to several European markets. Overall we expect relatively stable biosimilars revenue in fourth quarter compared to the third quarter. Turning to our anti-CD20 revenues. We recorded $512 million in third quarter, an increase of 26% versus the prior year, primarily driven by OCREVUS royalties. This includes our estimated OCREVUS royalties of $137 million for the third quarter. It's important to note that typically the fourth quarter with an inventory drawdown for RITUXAN. In addition, we continue to monitor [ph] potential new biosimilar entrants which could begin impacting RITUXAN revenues in 2019. Total other revenues were $147 million in the third quarter more than three times what we recorded in the third quarter 2017, as we continue to benefit from greater contract manufacturing. As a reminder, we believe that the fourth quarter of 2017 revenues were abnormally high due the timing of contract manufacturing, creating a difficult comparison for the fourth quarter this year. Q3 GAAP and non-GAAP gross margin were 87%, a slight decrease from the second quarter due to higher contract manufacturing. Q3 GAAP non-GAAP R&D expense were both 15% of revenue or $580 million [ph] Q3 GAAP SG&A was $498 million and Q3 non-GAAP SG&A was 495 million, both 14% of revenue. We expect both R&D and SG&A expense to increase in the fourth quarter relative to the third quarter due to the timing of clinical trial expense and market expansion investments, as well seasonality. GAAP amortization was $282 million, which includes a $189 million impairment related to updates and the development status of [indiscernible] which Mike discussed. The effects of this impairment were partially offset by a $90 billion reduction in our contingent consideration liability. GAAP other net income was $115 million in the third quarter versus a net expense of $44 million in Q3 of last year. This includes a GAAP only gain of approximately $141 million, related to changes in the fair value of certain equity investments, including shares of Ionis Pharmaceuticals, as of September 30th, 2018. Non-GAAP other net expense was $26 million in the third quarter versus $44 million in the third quarter of last year. In Q3 our GAAP tax rate was approximately 20% and our non-GAAP tax rate was approximately 21%. Our weighted average diluted share count in the third quarter was approximately 202 million shares. During the quarter, we did not repurchase any shares of our common stock. However, our board has authorized a new $3.5 billion share repurchase program. This now brings us to our diluted earnings per share. In the third quarter we booked GAAP earnings per share with $7.15, an increase of 24% versus last year and non-GAAP earnings per share of $7.40, an increase of 17% versus last year. We generated approximately $1.7 billion of net cash flows from operations in the third quarter. We ended the quarter with approximately $5.7 billion in cash and marketable securities and $5.9 billion in debt. We believe we have and will continue to have ample capacity to rescue meaningful future business development and M&A activity, as well as return capital to shareholders. We will continue to be disciplined in our approach and focused on value creation. Ill now turn the call over to Michel for his closing comments.
Michel Vounatsos: Thank you, Jeff. We closed the third quarter with double-digit revenue and earnings growth versus a year ago, an exciting progress across our pipeline. And last week we launched a new biosimilar. Looking forward within the next 12 to 18 months, we expect further progress across our neuroscience pipeline, including Eisai's presentation of the BAN241 data this week at CTAD and assessing next steps. Data readouts across Alzheimer's, including the final Phase 3 data for aducanumab, as well as MS, PSP, ophthalmology and ALS and filing for regulatory approval in the U.S. for BIIB098 in MS. And using the updated NURTURE data as the most recent example, we continue to see compelling evidence across the neuroscience landscape that leads us to believe we are at the beginning of a period of transformative breakthroughs in the treatment of neurological diseases. We believe we are uniquely positioned to benefit from these potential breakthroughs and Biogen score is to be the long-term leader in neuroscience. To deliver [ph] on our aspiration we remain focused on executing well on strategic priorities to fortify our in MS and SMA and allocate capital to expand and progress our neuroscience pipeline, while opportunistically returning capital to shareholders. Finally, I want to reiterate our commitment to maximizing returns to our shareholders and bringing innovative therapies to patients over the long-term. These demands [ph] as we continue to allocate capital efficiently, effectively and appropriately. As we have demonstrated in the past, we will always strive to have an optimal capital structure, as well as aim for super returns from the investment we are making. Once again, I would like to thank our employees around the world, who are dedicated to making a positive impact on patients lives. And all of the physician [indiscernible] and participants in our clinical development programs [ph], our past and future achievements could not be realized without their passion and commitment. With that, well open the call for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Umer Raffat with Evercore. Please go ahead.
Umer Raffat: Hi. Good morning. Thank you for taking my questions. Michel, I think we've all asked Biogen's R&D leaders on this in the past and I'm curious to get your view on this, which is, do you think BAN2401s previously reported results at higher doses were entirely driven by a baseline imbalance on care status?. And based on everything we've seen to date, is Biogen willing to pay for Phase 2 and BAN or is there a way to opt out?
Michel Vounatsos: Thanks for the question, Umer. We have seen the data obviously, but we have two days to wait for the 25th in Barcelona. So we have to be patient and Eisais presentation we give a slide on the next steps. Please understand. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Geoff Meacham with Barclays. Please go ahead.
Geoff Meacham: Hey, guys. Good morning and thanks for the question. On aducanumab looking at the 3Q slides versus prior periods, this is the first time you guys have noticed that the Phase 3 data for ENGAGE and EMERGE is final. Am I reading too much into that? I am just thinking about the willingness to take an interim look? And related on the EVOLVE study, what was the driver for initiating the Phase 2, was it regulatory ongoing analysis or just - a Phase 3 or is it pre-planned? Thank you.
Al Sandrock: Hi Geoff, its Al Sandrock. Well, I wouldn't read too much into that statement about final analysis. We're not commenting on whether or not we're going to do an interim analysis and help you understand the main reason for that is that we want to maintain clinical trial integrity. On the drivers for EVOLVE, it really wasn't driven by a regulatory request. It was our desire to see whether or not MRI monitoring was necessary. So in this study you know, what we're looking - what we're doing is, all symptomatic ARIA is being addressed the way it is now in the current clinical trials. It's really how you deal with the asymptomatic ARIA, which is what the study is looking at and whether or not the MRI monitoring that's being done is actually necessary. And so that's the main purpose.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Geoffrey Porges with Leerink. Please go ahead.
Geoffrey Porges: Thank you very much for taking my quick question, Just a couple of data ones. Could you clarify the contribution of net price to your U.S. market and product performance? And then secondly, could you give us some commentary on SPINRAZA treatment persistence by Type 1, Type 2 and Type 3 patients so far? Thanks.
Jeff Capello: Hi, Geoff. Its Jeff. So from a pricing perspective in U.S. and MS, we had a slight benefit from a pricing perspective in the U.S. that benefited our products within the quarter based on pricing increases earlier in the year.
Al Sandrock: And Geof, just commenting on the question on SPINRAZA treatment persistence across SMA types. In our experience, essentially there's been a very durable and persistent treatment effect of SPINRAZA across all types.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Matthew Harrison with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Matthew Harrison: Great, good morning. Thanks for taking the question. I guess, I was hoping for a little bit more clarity on what was going on with the SMA gene therapy product and maybe specifically if you could also address that do you think the preclinical observations are centered specifically on this program or do they impact your broader gene therapy pipeline? Thanks.
Al Sandrock: Hi, Matthew. I'll take that question. I mean, we're not really going to comment on ongoing FDA interactions. I would say of course those interactions are program specific, but we won't really discuss details about those interactions at this point.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ying Huang with Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Please go ahead.
Ying Huang: Hi, good morning. Thanks for taking my question. To an extent you can comment - can you confirm whether you will interact with FDA about BAN2401 for Phase 3 strategy or even filing for that based on Phase 2b or not. If you cannot answer that, I would like to ask a question about SMA. We have seen data from both Roche and Norvartis on their oral programs, given the setback of you gene therapy program, does that change your strategy about future development in SMA, trying to maintain a leadership here? Thanks.
Al Sandrock: Hi. This is Al. Ill take the first part. We're not commenting on regulatory interactions, that were basically in the middle of right now, so I can't answer your first question, sorry.
Michael Ehlers: And I'll take the question on the Roche oral and SMA commitment, I mean just to be completely clear we remain highly committed to SMA. We follow other programs and experimental therapeutics and development. We are aware of the data that Roche and PTC have presented around their oral compound. We know that the field is very interested in the long-term safety and tolerability of that compound as are we. I would say that our - the most recent NURTURE data that I mentioned really highlights the compelling efficacy profile of SPINRAZA and you know, when we look across just the clinical experience to date, I would remind that while we were very interested in - I think it's roughly 21 Type 1, 35 Type 2, Type 3 patients in the Roche PTC study, it had nearly 6000 patients for close to up to six years in some instances of patients on SPINRAZA. So we have the largest body of clinical evidence for any SMA therapy.
Michel Vounatsos: If I may, this is Michel. I just wanted to add that we are adding momentum in the U.S. in penetrating the idle h population. And this was unsure at the beginning of the year, uncertain at the beginning of the year and ex-U.S. we have staggering launches in different geographies and if in some, we may see some of the effect we are seeing in the U.S., following the first year of dosing. There are plenty of countries that are being here where we are launching. We just filed in China, for example, we are unlocking patient population also in Latin America. We are doing extremely well in Japan and continue to well in core Europe. So the momentum is good, but again, the biggest satisfaction is the implementation capability in the U.S. in the 65% of the market that has adult [ph] population.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Cory Kasimov with JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Cory Kasimov: Hey. Good morning, guys. Thanks for taking my question. I was wondering if you can comment on the 2019 pricing outlook for your MS franchise based on your formulary negotiations? Thanks.
Michel Vounatsos: Unfortunately we will not be able to comment on price. We see the magnitude and the frequency of price being taken in the marketplace in the past, but we cannot comment on the future. Thanks for understanding.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Michael Yee with Jefferies. Please go ahead.
Michael Yee: Great. Thanks for the question. Question on biosimilars. You made a comment that obviously you are launching the HUMIRA biosimilar, but that fourth quarter I guess, biosimilars would be stable. Can you just comment on A, your outlook on a HUMIRA biosimilar versus the type of business you're doing Enbrel business? And then more importantly, where do you think this $500 million business can go over the next few years, given you've obviously made some bullish comments on that? Thanks.
Michael Ehlers: So Michael, were pretty excited about the launch, the team has already hit the ground. I think they're very well-prepared and we'll see some contribution, we believe in the in the fourth quarter. You know, a lot of those contracts, big contracts in Europe are tenders that take a little bit while to kind of ramp up. That's why you won't see as much of an impact in the fourth or quarter. There's also some pricing pressure across some of the other two lines that were - there on. So it kind of negates the benefit we'll get - expect to get from a morality perspective. But we think this business has the opportunity to potentially double over the next couple of years based on morality and we'd like as we said before based on a relationship with Bioepis to add more compounds. So we believe that this is a good growth opportunity for us and we're quite excited about the future.
Michel Vounatsos: So this is not the first entity in there that is being launched in Europe, this is the third one. And I would say the purchase pattern and the journey is well set for those countries in terms of two big categories. The one that  from tenders and the one for which decision is left more the physician levels. So we anticipate that to be adalimumab biosimilar well penetrate [ph] at least as strong as the previous one, even stronger. And I would like to remind you that we are the only company having the three anti-TNFs in the marketplace. So the team is already motivated, supply is ready and while we speak prescriptions are going up.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Phil Nadeau with Cowen and Company. Please go ahead.
Phil Nadeau: Morning. Thanks for taking my question. I want to ask another one on SPINRAZA competition. It sounds like your expectations for growth for SPINRAZA, especially in the U.S. are largely from the adult population, it does seem like Roche and PTC with an oral compound could have a key differentiating feature for that population. So how do you see competition coming in  in the adult population and how could you differentiate SPINRAZA for those patients? Thanks.
Michael Ehlers: So Phil, maybe I'll start another may have a comment here too. I mean, in essence we  were very confident in what we see with the clinical data on SPINRAZA. We're encouraged by the - the ongoing studies in teens and adults that we see in the access, including in complex spine patients, SPINRAZA. But we're very aware of the other competitive programs out there. It's early days and in lot of those. And like I mentioned we know the field is very interested in the long-term safety and tolerability of the orals. We know that there are questions around the dose selection that will ultimately be used there. And to date it's a relatively small number of patients, but we are certainly staying aware of it.
Michel Vounatsos: So we were able somehow together with the physicians to deliver 30,000 dosing of SPINRAZA during the past month is because in real world there is an efficacy perception at the patient level. So its an efficacy play for those patients who are just the right [indiscernible] and the convenience comes after, this is what is being was backed by the customers. So with 3000 patients being dosed and more than 300 patients in clinical trial, we had a body of evidence that is still difficult to match for the time being.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Carter Gould with UBS. Please go ahead.
Carter Gould: Morning, guys. Thanks for taking the question. I guess for Jeff or Michel, just on the BASR versus committing for BD [ph], obviously, youve been pretty active so far this year on the BD front. So maybe just kind of how you see that balance and I guess looking out the next sort of 12 to 18 months, how you see that may be evolving? Thank you.
Jeff Capello: Yes. So thanks for the question. So you know, I think the nice position we're in is given our cash flows, we generate $1.7 billion of cash flow for the quarter again which is strong cash flow and given our net debt position. We have the luxury of being able to do both, both to invest in the business from a pipeline perspective and return capital to shareholders. So we've now done eight acquisitions and licensing type deals/acquisitions since Michel is been CEO, so were very encouraged by that and we expect to do more. A lot of that been done kind of in the - in the early to mid stage. We'd love to get something later stage done. But we also have ample cash capacity to return capital to shareholders. We bought back $10 billion of stock over the last couple of years and I would just remind investors that we have a new $3.5 billion share repurchase program that the board has recently authorized. So we have ample capacity to do both. Certainly we would be a preference to get more done in the pipeline and get more done thats later stage. So certainly that would be kind of the focus or the preference, but we have the capacity to do both.
Michel Vounatsos: So if you look at the momentum that Biogen is able to deliver, year-to-date, if I am not mistaken is 12% on the topline and with leverage P&L. This was not anticipated two years ago because of OCREVUS launch, because of limited potential of SPINRAZA, because of neglected biosimilars and the rest. And here we are. So we're not on a burning platform and the level of rigor and alignment to the strategy, to the scientific validity, to the IP and to financials criteria remained very rigorous within the organization and even more importantly, we have some very important readouts in the coming months. So in the meantime we deliver, we tightened the belt and we're evaluating opportunities, but in a very best manner.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Salim Syed with Mizuho. Please go ahead.
Salim Syed: Yeah. Hi, guys. Thanks for taking the question. This one's for probably Mike or Al, just on the XLRS gene therapy program. Can you confirm that we're still getting topline data in the fourth quarter of this year? And what are you looking for in terms of deeming the trial a success? Thank you.
Al Sandrock: Yes. So thanks for the question on this. So you know, right now on the XLRS program, we recall that this is a collaborative program with AGTC. The kind Phase1/2 trial is ongoing. This is an adult subsequent [ph] XLRS and at the moment we are anticipating that we could get a data readout projected in the first part of next year or so. But of course, these are always dependent on timing and enrolment of the right subjects. We're also very interested in no differences for example in the adult versus pediatric population this disease or some heterogeneity. As you may know in kind of the path of - pathology in XLRS because it has to do with exact location of the retina, specific visual endpoints you need and so forth. But to date the program is on track.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Robyn Karnauskas with Citi. Please go ahead.
Robyn Karnauskas: Hi, guys. Thanks for taking my question. So from your from your presentation it's  there is a lot on your pipeline, that it feels like you're focused on  and just trying to understand a little bit, as we see all these reads that are going to come out over the next 12 to 18 months, excluding Alzheimer's programs, which do you think have been the greatest ability to have a read to Phase 3. In other words, like - will give you the most confidence that there is a real proof of concepts or proof of potential success for those indications, as historically we know if something works for Biogen with your leverage the stock's ability to go up a lot. So help us understand which are those you think are the least risky and have the greatest read to the next stage of development?
Michael Ehlers: Okay. So this is Michael. I'll try to take some of that. Thank you by the way for the question. I mean, as we show - I mentioned and so we do have a number of upcoming data readouts at different stages across the pipeline that have, Id say different ramifications. A few things that we noted there is that we will start getting data on our BIIB67, SOD1 ALS program either towards the end of the year or early next year. This we think will be important primarily as a second leasing ASO program, in this case an adult indication with a different mechanism of action in the RNase H mediated knockdown of a pathological gene target. So we're very interested to see the biomarker and potential clinical efficacy data from that. That likewise has the potential to influence our thinking on other genetic targeted ASO programs like BIIB078, like I mentioned C9ORF72 positive ALS, as well as our tau ASO program which is currently in Phase 1 study in Alzheimer's disease. But I see there are more. We are - we have been very successful in advancing our BIIB092 program in progressive super nuclear policy. This is obviously a rare severe orphan disease. So I think this could give us an accelerator opportunity. And beyond that we're  weve initiated our Phase 3 study in BIIB093, so that will be ongoing. And although it's really first of its kind you know, we're very encouraged by the responsive side. And of course, you know, we announced that earlier this year that we completed enrolment in ENGAGE and EMERGE - aducanumab which is an 18 month dosing period study. That among others I think constitute an array of upcoming data readouts and have the potential to create significant excitement.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ronny Gal with Bernstein. Please go ahead.
Ronny Gal: Good morning, everybody and thank you for hitting me in. Two questions for Mike on the pipeline. Mike, first the BIIB104 AMPA regulator. AMPA is been particularly difficult target to drug. Can you discuss a little bit how you convinced yourself you can avoid the toxicity that has been seen with this target before? And second about 093 [ph] glyburide program. Essentially, is this one of those programs that has the potential of reading out early? Is there interim analysis here? You kind of think about stroke or something you can accumulate there pretty quickly, how you're thinking about a potential of this program to actually readout head of time?
Michael Ehlers: Okay, thanks, Ronny for the questions and Ill try to take these briefly. On BIIB104 what we were encouraged by there was - was really a quite differentiated and tight pharmacokinetic profile and safety profile that have been reserved both pre-clinically and clinically. It was really quite different from previous or earlier generation AMPA PAMs. So to date the clinical and preclinical data that have been seen have supported a favorable tolerability profile, as well as showing indications of efficacy in a few different clinical studies and of different designs in the domain of working memory and cognition. So we think there are differentiating features that have to do with some of the very specific pharmacology of this compound versus others previously in the class. So we think is differentiated. On BIIB093, we won't talk about an interim analysis on that, but I would say is that we have had a very strong response on site engagement, site activation and investigator interests because obviously there has been really no alternative for patients having a large hemispheric infarc.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Terence Finn with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Terence Finn: Hi. Thanks for taking the questions. Maybe just first on the financials, I was wondering if you can help us think about your tax rate heading into 19, you guys - it looks like youve continue to bring that lower throughout the course of the year. And then any guidance on the operating margins for the biosimilars franchise that you can offer at this point? And then just one on the pipeline for 8700, you mentioned some new endpoints in that study. Can you just review what changed there? Thanks.
Jeff Capello: Thanks. So with regard to the tax rate, we're currently running at low 20% tax rate, as I mentioned in the script. We did mention when tax reform first got implemented that we expected the tax rate to come down again in 2019, as a result of some accounting factors that are more unique to kind of how our tax works around the world. We still expect that to be the case and we'll be able to provide you a more specific expectation on that when we release guidance in January for 2019. In terms of operating expenses, as I mentioned you know, we expect the fourth quarter to tick up a little bit as we continue to invest in the pipeline and drives some of the growth that we're seeing from a commercial perspective in SMA. We're still in the middle of kind of going through our planning process for next year. What I can share with you is based on the strength of our lean and simple cost savings initiative, we expect to take money out of kind of the G&A area and invest that back into the pipeline, grow our spend and our and our projects with regard to R&D. So we are very committed to that continuing to increase the innovation in neurology of the company.
Michael Ehlers: So I think it was a question on 8700, I am going to interpret that as BIIB098.
Michel Vounatsos: Yes.
Michael Ehlers: If that's not asking, but Ill just say that on BIIB098 we have used data from the Part A of the study to inform Part B where we've expanded the patient - patient number in the head to head study against TECFIDERA, where again we anticipate that we'll be able to file on this data this year looking an approval potentially in the first half of next year or mid next year.
Operator: And your final question comes from the line of Chris Raymond with Piper Jaffray. Please go ahead.
Chris Raymond: Thanks for squeezing me in. Yes, just another question on BIIB098. Just on the strategy here, I do think this launch could be kind of unique. So you filing under 505 B2 pathway, but you will have a head to head versus TECFIDERA on tolerability, which you talked about. Some of our work indicates that you know that's kind of you know one of the bigger reasons for discontinuation of TECFIDERA tolerability issue. So if BIIB098 sort of repeat the clinical data we've seen so far that should address you know, essentially a big issue of TECFIDERA. So how do you approach the marketing and positioning of this drug and how should we think about these two drugs coexisting over time? And then also just on that point, I think in your slide you guys talk about a 2020 approval, but I think I just heard you guys mentioned that or maybe second half 2019 approval, can you sort of talk about that timing? Thanks.
Michel Vounatsos: Thanks for the great question. And the first I would like to say that we are pleased with the momentum behind TEC . I think this is important. So TEC will remain always front end center. We are doing well. We grow the volume even if we price, we face some crushing pressure in part of the world like in Europe and we have increasing competition. So BIIB098 will offer the opportunity eventually to have a an upgrade in terms of safety profile and GI safety and this will be eventually the low hanging fruit that we aim to move further. And the team is working towards the longer term lifecycle management opportunities that these product offers beyond the fumarate. So is what we're working on. But we are very excited about this opportunity and to expand our leading share of orals, but beyond the fumarate market. So looking forward to this filing and potentially launch towards the end of 19 or early 2020.
Michel Vounatsos: So at this stage, I would like to close the call by saying a very exciting times that Biogen we are looking forward to the data readouts and I thank you all for attending our call today. Have a good day.
Matt Calistri: Thank you for joining today's call. Before we conclude, I would like to remind everyone that we plan to host three webcast from CTAD later this week, on Thursday October 25th at 730 a.m. Eastern Time. We will webcast the keynote presentation from Samantha Budd Haeberlein, Vice President, Alzheimer's disease, dementia and movement disorders later stage clinical development, titled what we learned from Aducanumab. Later that day at 4:15 p.m. Eastern Time we will host an Investor Q&A webcast to discuss the Alzheimer's portfolio with Dr. Al Sandrock, our Chief Medical Officer and Samantha Budd Haeberlein and on Friday October 26 at 9:15 a.m. Eastern Time we will webcast the oral presentation titled aducanumab titration dosing regiment, 36 month analysis from PRIME, a Phase 1b study in patients with early Alzheimer's disease. The links to those webcast can be found on the Investor section of Biogens website at www.biogen.com. Thank you and we look forward to speaking with you in the future.
Operator: Thank you to everyone for attending today. This will conclude today's call and you may now disconnect.

===== 2018 Q2  (2018-07-24 08:00:00) =====
Executives: Matt Calistri - Vice President, Investor Relations Michel Vounatsos - Chief Executive Officer Michael Ehlers - EVP, Research & Development Jeff Capello - Chief Financial Officer Al Sandrock - Chief Medical Officer
Analysts: Umer Raffat - Evercore Cory Kasimov - JP Morgan Ying Huang - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Matthew Harrison - Morgan Stanley Geoffrey Porges - Leerink Partners Michael Yee - Jefferies Geoff Meacham - Barclays Terence Finn - Goldman Sachs Salim Syed - Mizuho Robyn Karnauskas - Citi Phil Nadeau - Cowen & Company Carter Gould - UBS Brian Abrahams - RBC Capital Markets
Operator: Good morning. My name is Dan, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Biogen's Second Quarter 2018 Financial Results and Business Update Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. I would now like to turn the conference over to Mr. Matt Calistri, Vice President, Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Matt Calistri: Thank you and welcome to Biogen's second quarter 2018 earnings conference call. Before we begin, I encourage everyone to go to the Investors section of biogen.com to find the press release and related financial tables, including a reconciliation of the GAAP to non-GAAP financial measures that we will discuss today. Our GAAP financials are provided in Tables 1 and 2. Table 3 includes a reconciliation of our GAAP to non-GAAP financial results. We believe non-GAAP financial results better represent the ongoing economics of our business and reflect how we manage the business internally. We have also posted slides on our website that follow the discussions related to this call. I would like to point out that we will be making forward-looking statements, which are based on our current expectations and beliefs. These statements are subject to certain risks and uncertainties and our actual results may differ materially. I encourage you to consult the Risk Factors discussed in our SEC filings for additional detail. On today's call, I'm joined by our Chief Executive Officer, Michel Vounatsos; Dr. Michael Ehlers, EVP of Research and Development; and our CFO, Jeff Capello. We will also be joined for the Q&A portion of the call by our Chief Medical Officer, Dr. Al Sandrock. Before I conclude, I would also like to also point out that starting with this earnings release and call, we're posting press releases related to earnings calls and Investor Events on the Investors section of Biogen's website, www.biogen.com. And we'll issue statement on Twitter when they become available. We will do this instead of publishing press releases related to future earnings calls, earnings releases, and Investor Events via Newswire services. Our Twitter handle is @biogen. Now I will turn the call over to Michel.
Michel Vounatsos: Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us. First, let me begin with some financial highlights. Compared to the same period a year ago, Biogen's second quarter revenues grew 9% to record $3.4 billion, second quarter GAAP earnings per share grew 3% to $4.18 and non-GAAP EPS grew 15% to $5.80. Our performance for the second quarter was strong and we are raising our full year revenue guidance. Now let me review the accomplishments we delivered in the second quarter. First, our MS core business including OCREVUS royalties delivered revenues of $2.3 billion, a decrease of 2% versus prior year, adjusting for inventory dynamics with the global MS revenues were stable versus prior year. The number of patients on our MS products globally remained stable versus the prior year as patient growth outside of the U.S. offset increased competition within the U.S. We were pleased to see that new patient starts for TECFIDERA in the U.S. in the second quarter were at the highest level since the launch of OCREVUS just over a year ago. Outside the U.S., we continued our strong progress in several international markets such as Japan were close to half of MS patients are now treated with the Biogen products. Second, SPINRAZA global revenues grew to $423 million, driven by quarter-over-quarter and year-over-year revenue growth in the U.S. and even greater revenue growth outside the U.S. The number of commercial patients on SPINRAZA increased by approximately 28% from last quarter and we now have over 5,000 patients on SPINRAZA, including the expanded access program and clinical trials. In the U.S., we encouraged by the progress we are making with adults, as the number of adult patients on SPINRAZA grew by over 20% compared to last quarter. We remain focused on increasing our reach with adults by supporting the establishment of adult treatment sites, working to broaden our reimbursement coverage and communicating the potential value of SPINRAZA for this patient population. Outside the U.S., the pace of reimbursement for SPINRAZA across multiple geographies lead to meaningful revenue growth with significant revenue contribution not just from Europe but also from Asia-Pac and Latin America. We expect the launch of SPINRAZA to continue expanding globally throughout 2018 and 2019. We have filed for regulatory approval in 7 additional countries including China, and we expect to file in up to 4 more countries by the end of the year. We also seek a formal reimbursement in seven additional countries and now have formal reimbursement in 24 markets. Third, we made significant progress advancing our differentiated neuroscience pipeline, a critical source of potential future value generation for Biogen. We entered into an exclusive option agreement to acquire TMS-007, a Phase 2 compound being developed for acute ischemic stroke, which we discussed in detail during our webcast on June 28. Today, we also announced we acquired an early stage program from AliveGen for muscle enhancement, which will initially be studying SMA and has the potential to benefit patients across a board range of neuromuscular diseases, including ALS. In line with our expectation, this month, we completed enrollment of both ENGAGE and EMERGE, our two Phase 3 trials, studying our investigational treatment aducanumab in early Alzheimers disease. And in May, we exercised our option with Neurimmune to further reduce the royalty rates payable on potential future sales of aducanumab. Along with our collaboration partner Eisai, we announced positive top-line results of the final analysis of the Phase 2 study of BAN2401. We believe these results provide evidence to further support beta amyloid as a therapeutic target for Alzheimers disease. Importantly, our cash generation remained very strong and continue provide us with significantly optionality and flexibility to allocate capital. In addition to the two BD deals I discussed earlier, during the second quarter, we repurchased $2.75 billion worth of shares. We exercised our option to increase our ownership of Samsung Bioepis for approximately 49.9% and will pay approximately $700 million for these option shares. We believe our share of Samsung Bioepis is worth significantly more. And we believe this investment is aligned with our goal of creating meaningful value for our shareholders. And we invested $1 billion in a new collaboration agreement with Ionis, which capitalizes on Biogens expertise in neuroscience, R&D and Ionis leadership in antisense oligonucleotides with a goal of meaningfully expanding our neuroscience pipeline. As we have demonstrated in the past, we are committed to maximizing returns for our shareholders while continuing to bringing variety therapies to patients, something that demands a thoughtful approach towards all our investment over both the short and the long-term. As we aim to continue allocating capital to expand our pipeline, this quarter we hired Daniel Karp as EVP, Corporate Development. We look forward to the contribution Daniel will make as we continue to refine our corporate strategy and evaluate new opportunities for potential business development and M&A. In summary, Biogen executed on strategy and continued to deliver noticeable progress. Our core MS business demonstrated resilience. We continue to believe there is significant growth potential for SPINRAZA and we encouraged by a recent progress in reaching adults and expanding market access globally. We enhanced our pipeline with addition of two more assets as we aim to diversify our neuroscience R&D portfolio and build decks in our core and emerging growth areas. We completed Phase 3 enrollments for aducanumab, which we believe is one of the most promising investigational therapy for Alzheimers disease. Together with Eisai, we announced positive top-line results for BAN2401, which we believe provides further support for the Amyloid Hypothesis. We have made progress implementing a leaner and simpler operating model designed for the future. And we strategically allocate capital as we invest to develop and expand our neuroscience portfolio again with the goal of maximizing shareholders return and bringing innovative therapies to patients. I will now turn the call over to Mike for a more detailed update on our recent progress in R&D.
Michael Ehlers: Thank you, Michel, and good morning to everyone on the phone. This is a very exciting time for Biogen R&D as we have made meaningful advances across our industry-leading Alzheimer's portfolio, added two new clinical stage assets and continued to progress our broader neuroscience pipeline. Let me review the progress we made across our core and emerging growth areas. I'll start with the significant advances we made in Alzheimer's disease and dementia. Earlier this month, along with our collaboration partner Eisai, we announced positive top-line results from the final 18-month analysis of the Phase 2 study of BAN2401, a beta amyloid antibody being studied in early Alzheimer's disease, including subject with mild cognitive impairment due to AD and a subset of mild AD. Based on data from 856 patients, this study demonstrated both the potential disease modifying effect on clinical function and beta amyloid lowering in the brain. Specifically, the study demonstrated the dose dependent reduction in beta amyloid in the brain as measured using amyloid pet as well as a concompetent dose dependent slowing of the rate of clinical progression as measured by the Alzheimer's disease composite score or adcoms a novel endpoint which incorporates elements of validated measures including ADAS-Cog, CDR Sum of Boxes and the Mini-Mental State Examination. While the study did not achieve its primary outcome measure at 12-months based on a Bayesian statistical analysis using conventional frequentist statistics, the highest treatment dose of BAN2401, 10 milligrams per kilograms by weekly showed a statistically significant effect on Adcoms as early as 6 months and also 12 months and 18 months. These new data provide compelling evidence for further support blocking or clearing beta amyloid as a therapeutic approach for Alzheimer's disease. In this study, BAN2401 demonstrated an acceptable tolerability profile through 18 months. The most common treatment emerging adverse effects were infusion reactions and Amyloid Related Imaging Abnormalities or ARIA. These results will be presented by Eisai in an oral section at the 2018 Alzheimer's Association International Conference tomorrow July 25th, at 3:30 p.m. Central Time in Chicago. A live webcast of the presentation is expected to be available. In addition to BAN2401, we continued to advance aducanumab, a distinct antibody that binds the both soluble and insoluble aggregated forms of beta amyloid, including oligomers, protofibrils and fibrils. Aducanumab demonstrated significant plaque removal as well as slowing of cognitive decline in the Phase 1b PRIME study. Both Phase 3 studies were aducanumab, ENGAGE and EMERGE are now fully enrolled. Eisai also reported Phase 2 data for elenbecestat, a base inhibitor designed to reduce the production of beta amyloid. Elenbecestat demonstrated an acceptable safety and tolerability profile in this 70-patient study, and the results demonstrated a statistically significant difference in beta amyloid levels in the brain as measured by amyloid-PET. A numerical slowing of decline in functional clinical scales is also observed although this effect was not statistically significant. Elenbecestat is currently being evaluated in two Phase 3 studies. Beyond beta amyloid, we are advancing a number of assets targeting tau, which we believe plays an important and complementary role in Alzheimer's disease pathogenesis. Specifically, in the second quarter, we dosed the first patient in the Phase 2 Alzheimers disease trial of BIIB092, the anti-tau antibody we licensed from BMS last year. Turning to MS and neuroimmunology. We previously communicated data regarding the potential impact of extended interval dosing on reducing the risk of PML for TYSABRI. We have now finalized plans for worldwide prospective study to evaluate whether extended interval dosing provides a similar level of effectiveness to standard dosing. We believe this study will provide sufficient data to inform clinical practice and we plan to initiate the study by the end of the year. Further, in collaboration with Alkermes, we continue to advance BIIB098 or diroximel fumarate as a novel oral fumarate in Phase 3 development for the treatment of relapsing forms of multiple sclerosis where we aim to provide a differentiated GI tolerability profile. This quarter, we received data from the ongoing open-label long-term safety study that will be included as part of the new drug application to support registration. Safe data were consistent with what has been presented at prior scientific meetings and includes results from approximately 700 patients of which roughly 500 were treated for at least one year. Alkermes expects to file with the FDA by the end of the year. In parallel, we continue to enroll the EVOLVE-MS-2 head-to-head tolerability study versus TECFIDERA with data expected in the first half of 2019. This study is employing an adaptive trial design in which results from Part A are used to inform Part B. We are committed to expanding our leadership position in multiple sclerosis and we believe this new generation fumarate is an important part of our strategy. Turning to our progress in movement disorders. We are actively recruiting a Phase 2 study of our anti-tau antibody BIIB092 and progressive Supranuclear Palsy or PSP. BIIB092 is a potent selected anti-tau antibody that has demonstrated reductions in CSF pre-tau levels of over 90%. We expect to complete enrollment in this 52 week study in the coming months. The primary endpoints are efficacy as assessed by the PSP rating scale, a zero to 100 measure of disability across six domains as well as safety. If the data from this Phase 2 study are positive, we believe there is a potential it could be registrational and could thereby possibly support a regulatory filing. Moving to neuromuscular disorders, including spinal muscular atrophy. We continue to build on the growing body of clinical evidence for SPINRAZA as the standard-of-care in SMA. Earlier this month, at the International Congress on Neuromuscular Diseases, we've presented a new analysis of Type 3 SMA patients initially enrolled in the CS2 study between the ages of 11 and 14 followed by its open-label extension study. Of the 11 patients included in this analysis, 10 demonstrated stabilization or clinically meaningful improvement in motor function as compared to the decline over time expected based on natural history. As we aim to bolster our leadership position in SMA, we are pursuing new therapies across multiple modalities. To that end, as Michel mentioned, today we are pleased to announce the acquisition of two programs from AliveGen targeting the myostatin pathway for potential muscle enhancement across a range of neuromuscular diseases, including SMA.  Myostatin is a widely studied negative regulator of skeletal muscle mass that signals to ActRIIA and ActRIIB receptors. ALG-801, now known as BIIB110, and it's backup compound ALG-802 are subtle hybrids of the ActRIIA and ActRIIB receptors and act as ligand in Fabs to inhibit myostatin as well as other muscle suppressing ActRIIA, IIB ligands, including activin A and activin B. Recent research has indicated that inhibiting both myostatin and activins maybe necessary to maximize clinical efficacy. However, previous approaches to simultaneously inhibit these ligands have resulted in an addition of BMP9, a related growth factor involved in both vascular and bone homeostasis, who's in addition increases the risk for vascular related toxicity. AliveGen is carefully designed BIIB110 with the aim of spearing BMP9 was sequestering the muscle inhibiting factors myostatin and activins A B conferring the potential for both greater efficacy and improved safety compared to other compounds in the class. Preclinical data for BIIB110 have demonstrated compelling increases in muscle mass as well as improvements in bone density, which we believe make further differentiate the asset. BIIB110 is currently in the Phase 1a study in healthy volunteers. We believe there is a broad opportunity for BIIB110 with an initial focus on development as an add gene therapy for SMA but with potential applicability for other rare diseases such as ALS and Charcot-Marie-Tooth disease or more prevalent condition such as Sarcopenia. Development in SMA, in particular, has the potential for complementary benefit when used in combination with the disease modifying therapy such as SPINRAZA. As previously communicated, we have been working to advance our SMA gene therapy program in collaboration with the University of Pennsylvania. We were recently informed that the FDA has placed our IND on clinical hold. We believe we have a path forward and we are working to lift the hold as quickly as possible. We are not able to provide details or updated timing, but we intend to bring the program to the clinic as soon as possible. Moving to acute neurology, we have now begun initiating sites in the Phase 3 CHARM study of BIIB93, our first-in-class IV glibenclamide therapeutic targeting brain edema and large hemisphere infarction. And as Michel mentioned, during the second quarter, we also entered into an option agreement for TMS-007, which is the potential best-in-class thrombolytic drug candid currently in Phase 2 in Japan. Due to its highly targeted mechanism of action, we believe TMS-007 may have several important benefits compared to the current standard of care of Tissue Plasminogen activator or TPA, including a potentially longer treatment window and lower bleeding risk. I encourage you to review our recent webcast from June 28 for more details on BIIB93, TMS-007 and our overall strategy to target stroke. Overall, we have made significant progress advancing our pipeline, including encouraging new data on Alzheimer's disease, continued new additions to our pipeline and strong execution across our clinical programs. Since the beginning of 2017, we have meaningfully expanded our pipeline by adding our advance in 14 clinical stage programs. We are building our pipeline with the goal of being the leader in neuroscience. We see compelling evidence. This is just the beginning of a period of transformative breakthroughs in the treatment of neurological diseases, we are positioning Biogen to take full advantage of the innovation and progress that we anticipate will continue to occur in neuroscience. And with that, I will now pass the call to Jeff.
Jeff Capello: Thanks, Mike, good morning, everyone. I'll now review our financial performance for the second quarter of 2018 starting with revenues. Total revenues in the second quarter were $3.4 billion, growing 9% year-over-year. Let me now provide more detail on our MS franchise revenues. Overall, our MS business delivered revenues of $2.3 billion in Q2, 2018, including OCREVUS royalties of approximately $113 million. MS revenues in Q2 '18 were down 6% versus prior year, but OCREVUS royalties were down 2% including OCREVUS royalties. Total ex-U.S. MS product revenues benefitted by approximately $42 million versus the prior year due to changes in foreign exchange rates net of hedging. Global second quarter TECFIDERA revenues were $1.1 billion, a 2% decrease versus the prior year. And this include the revenues of US$826 million, a decrease of 6% versus Q2 '17 and $261 million outside the U.S., an increase of 11% versus the second quarter 2017. In the U.S., we saw an inventory drawdown of approximately $35 million. We also believe we experienced the final quarter of difficult comparisons due to the timing of the OCREVUS launch. Both of these factors weigh on our U.S. TECFIDERA performance for the second quarter. We continue to see stabilization share of old prescriptions and growth in TECFIDERA share of new prescriptions, building on the capable trends we saw in the first quarter of 2018. New patient starts with TECFIDERA in U.S. in Q2 '18 were at the highest level since the launch of OCREVUS, just over a year ago. In addition, we were very pleased with TECFIDERA outside the U.S., driven by strong year-over-year patient growth across each large routine market, solid emerging market growth and particularly strong performance in Japan where TECFIDERA has now reached over 25% market share. For the balance of the year, we expect continued patient growth for TECFIDERA outside the U.S. though we are closing monitoring some evolving pricing pressure in certain European markets. Ex-U.S. TECFIDERA revenues benefited by approximately $17 million versus the prior year due to changes in foreign exchange rates net of hedging. TYSABRI worldwide revenues were $467 million this quarter, a decrease of 6% versus the second quarter of 2017. This included $266 million in the U.S. and $202 million outside the U.S. In the U.S., revenues declined 8% versus the prior year, primarily due to the launch of OCREVUS. We are encouraged that this was a second straight quarter of stable U.S. volumes for TYSABRI as we saw stability in TYSABRI share of both new prescriptions and total prescriptions. Outside the U.S., TYSABRI revenues decreased 2% versus prior year. TYSABRI patients increased in all major European markets versus the prior year along with strong double-digit patient growth in the emerging markets. Ex-U.S., TYSABRI revenues this quarter benefited by approximately $12 million versus the prior year due to changes in foreign exchange rates, net of hedging. Interferon revenues including both AVONEX and PLEGRIDY were $626 million during the second quarter, a decrease of 9% versus Q2, 2017. This included $445 million in U.S. and $181 million in sales outside the U.S. In the U.S., we saw a decrease of Interferon inventory of approximately $10 million in Q2, 2018. Ex-U.S. Interferon revenues benefited by approximately $12 million versus the prior year due to changes in foreign exchange rates, net of hedging. Overall, U.S. MS performance versus prior year was impacted by both the launch of OCREVUS and channel dynamics. We expect both factors to be less significant on a year-over-year basis as we move throughout the year with the potential benefit if there is channel build again in the second half of this year. Given the trends we see, combined with the anniversary of the OCREVUS launch, we expect second half 2018 worldwide MS product revenue to be stable when compared on a year-over-year basis. Let me now move to SPINRAZA. Global second quarter SPINRAZA revenues were $423 million. This included revenues of $206 million in U.S., representing 10% growth compared to the first quarter and $217 million outside the U.S., representing 23% growth compared to Q1. This is the first quarter where revenues outside the U.S. exceeded revenues in U.S. The number of patients on therapy in the U.S. increased by over 10% as compared to the end of the first quarter, including a greater than 20% increase in the number of adults on therapy as we continue to make progress in reaching adults in the U.S. We saw continued increase in the revenue contributions for maintenance doses this quarter. In U.S., approximately 55% of SPINRAZA revenues in the second quarter were attributed to maintenance doses as compared to approximately 40% in the first quarter. In the second quarter, the average doses per patient was approximately 1.1 roughly the same as in Q1.  In the second quarter, approximately 15% of U.S. SPINRAZA units were dispensed through our pre-drug program, a decrease from approximately 20% in Q1. As some patients enter the second year on therapy, we have benefited from proven insurance coverage we have today versus a year ago, allowing some patients to transition from pre to commercial product. We believe both inventory levels and dispensing allowances for SPINRAZA were relatively flat in the second quarter versus Q1. We continue to believe there is a significant opportunity in adults in the U.S. and we are very encouraged by the progress we're making. We estimate we now have reached approximately 50% of all infants, 50% of pediatric patients and 10% of adults. Of note, our data indicates that approximately 5% of the prevalent SME population of infants, 35% are pediatric patients and 60% are adults, highlighting the large number of untreated adult patients that we believe could benefit from SPINRAZA. Assuming a similar free drug percentage and continued progress in reaching adults, we expect to show continued stability in U.S. SPINRAZA revenues compared to the second quarter of 2018. Outside the U.S., the number of commercial SPINRAZA patients increased almost 50% versus the prior quarter, and there are still approximately 300 patients active in these standard access programs. We've recorded revenue from over 25 international markets with approximately 75% of ex-U.S. SPINRAZA revenues in the second quarter coming from Germany, Italy, Japan, Turkey, Brazil, Spain and Australia. We continue to believe that the international opportunity for SPINRAZA is even greater than in the U.S. as we continued the momentum of new country launches, and we believe there is significant ex-U.S. opportunity, not just in Europe but also in Asia-Pacific and Latin American markets. Let me now move on to our biosimilars business, which generated $127 million in revenue this quarter, a 40% increase versus the prior year. We estimate that more than 90,000 patients in Europe are currently receiving Biogen biosimilars. BENEPALI continues to be the market leader in countries such as UK, Denmark and Norway and we estimate BENEPALI market share of approximately 40% across all major launch markets. FLIXABI units grew 48% versus the prior quarter led by Germany, Italy and France where we estimate market share to now exceed 10%. As more competitors enter the anti-TNF biosimilar market, we believe the continuity of our global supply chain may accrue to be a competitive advantage. We aimed to maintain a 100% uninterrupted supply, and we have delivered nearly 5 million doses since launch without an interruption. Looking forward, we expect growth to moderate in the second half of this year as volume growth is offset by pricing pressure. But we expect to be well positioned in 2019 with the expected launch of IMRALDI in October this year. We estimate that the originaire product HUMIRA as annual revenues of approximately $4 billion in Europe, representing a large potential market for biosimilars. Last month we exercised our option to purchase additional shares of Samsung Biopis, our joint venture with Samsung Biologics. We will pay Samsung Biologics approximately $700 million to increase our ownership share in Samsung Biopis to approximately 49.9%. We believe the intrinsic value of this additional equity is significantly greater than our expected payment. This transaction is subject to certain regulatory conditions as they expected to close in the second half of 2018, at which point we've been anticipate that we will begin to report our shares and net profits and losses of the JV below the operating line. Turning to anti-CD20 revenues, we reported $490 million in Q2, an increase of 23% versus prior year, primarily driven by OCREVUS royalties. This includes our estimated OCREVUS royalties of $113 million for the second quarter. Total other revenues were $109 million in second quarter more than doubling versus Q2 '17 as we continue to benefit from greater contract manufacturing. Although the timing can be difficult to predict for the third and fourth quarter, we expect roughly similar contribution from other revenues compared to the second quarter. Q2 GAAP and non-GAAP gross margins were 87%, a slight improvement versus Q1, due to lower contract manufacturing. Q2 GAAP R&D expense was 29% of revenue or $981 million. Q2 non-GAAP R&D expense was 24% of revenue or $819 million. Both GAAP and non-GAAP R&D expense include $324 million out of the $375 million upfront payment to Ionis, with the remaining $51 million capitalized as prepaid R&D, which will be amortized into the P&L over the life of the agreement. GAAP R&D expense also included $162 million comprised of the equity premium of approximately $94 million as well as a discount of approximately $68 million to reflect the effect of certain holding period restrictions, which will be amortized into the P&L for the next couple of years. The remaining $463 million, which is the difference between the fair market side of our investment in Ionis upon deal closing and the discount was reported as an investment and will be mark-to-market each quarter as a GAAP only expense. Q2 GAAP SG&A was 15% of revenue or $516 million. Q2 non-GAAP SG&A was also 15% of revenue at $512 million. GAAP and other net expense, which includes interest of $35 million, in the second quarter versus $69 million in second quarter of last year. Non-GAAP other net expense was $40 million in Q2 versus $69 million in Q2 of last year. In Q2, our GAAP tax rate was approximately 22% and our non-GAAP tax rate was approximately 21%. Our weighted average diluted share count for Q2 was approximately 207 million shares and we finished the quarter with 201 million shares outstanding. We repurchased approximately 9.6 million shares in Q2 at an average price of $206 -- $286, excuse me, for a total value of $2.75 billion completing our previously announced $5 billion share repurchase authorization, which now brings us to our diluted earnings per share. In the second quarter, we booked GAAP earnings per share of $4.18 per share, an increase of 3% versus last year, and non-GAAP earnings of $5.80 per share, an increase of 15% versus last year. We generated approximately $1.1 billion in net cash flows from operations in Q2, which is impacted by approximately $537 million due to the Ionis collaboration agreement. We ended the quarter with approximately $4.4 billion in cash and marketable securities and $5.9 billion in debt. We believe we have and we will continue to have ample capacity to execute meaningful future business development, M&A activity, as well as return capital to shareholders. We will continue to be disciplined in our approach and focused on value creation. Let me now turn to our updated full year guidance for 2018. We expect revenues of approximately $13 billion to $13.2 billion, which will represent year-over-year growth of approximately 6% to 7.5%. The low end of our guidance reflects emerging potential risk to our MS business in Europe including pricing pressure as well as uncertainty in channel inventory levels in US. We expect gross margin as a percentage of sales to be consistent with Q2 2018. As a result of business development transactions in the first half of the year, we now anticipate GAAP R&D expense between 19% and 20% of sales and non-GAAP R&D expense between 18% and 19% of sales. Of note, guidance does not include any impact from potential acquisitions or large business development transactions as both are hard to predict. We continue to expect SG&A expense to be approximately 15% to 16% of revenues. We anticipate our GAAP tax rate for 2018 to be between 21.5% and 22.5% and our non-GAAP tax rate to be between 20.5% and 21.5%. This reflects both the anticipated benefit of the U.S. corporate tax reform as well as the tax impact of the business development activities that's occurred so far in 2018. We anticipate full year GAAP diluted EPS of $21.80 to $22.40 for 2018, representing growth of 83% to 87% versus 2017, and non-GAAP diluted EPS to be $24.90 to $25.50, representing growth of 14% to 17%. I'll now turn the call back over to Michel for his closing comments.
Michael Ehlers: Thank you, Jeff. We closed the second quarter with the record quarterly revenues, double digit non-GAAP earnings growth and increase for full year revenue guidance and exciting progress across our pipeline. Consistent with our strategic priorities, we're allocated capital to both invest for future growth and opportunistically return capital to shareholders. We do not intend to pause or slowdown here. We believe there will be plenty more exciting opportunities for Biogen as we move into the second half of the year. Looking forward, within the next 12 months, we expect further progress across our neuroscience pipeline, including Eisai's presentation of the BAN2104 data tomorrow and assessing next steps, dosing the first patient in our Phase 3 studies in stroke and hepatic pain; data readouts across MS, Alzheimer's, neuropathic pain, ophthalmology and ALS, and filing for regulatory approval in the U.S. for BIIB98 in MS. As Mike noted earlier, we continue to see compelling evidence across the neuroscience landscape that leads us to believe we are at the beginning of a period of transformative breakthroughs in the treatment of neurological diseases. We believe we are uniquely positioned to benefit from these potential breakthroughs and Biogen's goals is to be the long term leader in neuroscience as we believe it will become one of the most promising symmetric areas of investment for biopharma and growth investors. To deliver on our aspiration, we remain focused on executing well on our strategic priorities to fortify our core business in MS and SMA and allocate capital to expand and progress our neuroscience pipeline. Finally, I want to iterate our commitment to maximizing returns to our shareholders and bringing innovative therapies to patients over the long term. These demands that we continue to capital efficiently, effectively and appropriately, as we have demonstrated in the past, we will always strive to have an optimal capital structure as well as aimed for superior returns from the investments we make. Once again, I would like to thank our employees around the world who are dedicated to making a positive impact on patients' lives and all other physicians, caregivers and participants in our clinical development programs. Our past and future achievements could not be realized without their passion and commitment. With that, we'll open the call for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question today comes from the line of Umer Raffat with Evercore. Please go ahead.
Umer Raffat: Hi, thanks so much for taking our questions. I wanted to focus on BAN2401. And I didn't want to ask any questions on the data. We'll find it all tomorrow and we can discuss it. But instead to help us prepare, my question was, some clarity on trial design, so were all on the same page going into it. And my question is this, was there -- so beyond the Bayesian stats, I am going to focus specifically on the traditional stats, was there a stat hierarchy? And if not, was there a multiplicity adjustment? And if thats the case, whats the statistical significance threshold we should be pegging most of the results to? I think thats really what I am trying to get clarity on. How many cuts of the data were there that we should end? And whats the P value of threshold we should be pegging all the results to? Thank you very much.
Al Sandrock: Hi, Umer. This is Al Sandrock. So we look forward to seeing the results tomorrow presented by Eisai, my colleague at Eisai, Dr. Kramer. So look, there was a single primary endpoint and the primary endpoint was a Bayesian analysis of 12 months where they were looking for the threshold was an 80% probability of seeing a 25% treatment effect. Thats the primary endpoint. There were a number of secondary endpoints that were pre-specified and thats -- and Dr. Kramer, I believe, has a plan to present those pre-specified secondary endpoints. I hope that answers your question.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Cory Kasimov with JP Morgan. Please go ahead.
Cory Kasimov: I wanted to also ask a question on just the Alzheimers kind of portfolio overall. And with the understanding, as Umer said, the 2401 data is tomorrow and you limit to what you can say on the data, I am curious on a broader level. How you see the key or what you see the key elements of read through from 2401 over to aducanumab? How much of these results impact your confidence on the ongoing studies there that youve just completed enrollment in? Thanks.
Al Sandrock: Yes, Cory. Thanks. This is Al again. First I want to point some of the similarities between BAN2401 and adu. They both bind tightly to soluble oligomers as well as insoluble fibrils of Abeta. Protofibrils is just a type of soluble oligomer and thus both antibodies bind tightly to it. Neither antibody binds very well to monomers of Abeta. So they are both selective for aggregated forms of Abeta. Both antibodies bind to the end terminal portion of the Abeta peptide. And we believe that the linear epitopes are very, very similar. So they bind at very similar places on Abeta. But based on x-ray crystallography studies that weve been doing lately, is that they bind in a different way because they are different antibodies? In the human trials, as weve noted on the top-line, both antibodies clear amyloid plaques as seen on PET scans in a dose dependent manner, as Mike said this morning. And in human trials, both antibodies seem to slow the progression of cognitive decline at the highest dose. So you can see that there a lot of similarities. And so, we continue to believe that what we are doing right now in terms of these two large Phase 3 trials of aducanumab where we use an antibody that selectively targets aggregated forms of Abeta in the right patients is the right approach. And we think its the most promising approach right now as we try to find the first disease-modifying therapy for Alzheimers.
Michael Ehlers: And Cory, this is Mike. I think Al summarized it very well. The only thing I might add to that is, we always started going into this trial in terms of the read through to aducanumab, would be the relationship between brain amyloid lowering and slowing of cognitive decline. And what weve reported together with Eisai, and the top-line was that there was and observed both a reduction in brain amyloid by PET and the slowing in the cognitive decline. And that's what we were looking to in terms of the potential read through to Opicinumab.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ying Huang with Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Please go ahead.
Ying Huang: Hi, thanks for taking my questions. I have one question on BAN2401 data as well. Given that the trial missed the primary endpoint, but here maybe the key secondary point. Is it possible you could potentially file this data set with the FDA? Or this trial could potentially be a pivotal trial for registration purpose? And then, secondly maybe for Mike and Al. What's your thought on the Roche RO drug data in the SMA? I know you guys shifting that to $1 billion in the Ionis collaboration. But would you consider developing RO modality for SMA? Thank you.
Al Sandrock: Hi, Ying it's Al again, on the BAN2401. Look our next steps are to talk to FDA and other regulators. We'll see what they say. And I think it's too early to speculate as to whether or not we can file with this.
Michel Vounatsos: Yes, Ying, I'll take the question on the Roche PTC oral. I mean first, the comment relative to our broader deal with Ionis. I would say, of course, this oral while it really pretends to one specific target SM displacing and our broad collaboration with Ionis will be across many, many targets in many different mechanisms. So it's particularly related to the broader Ionis collaboration, I would say. But in terms of SMA, we're very interested to continue to seeing the data that Roche and PTC are reporting around their oral. So it's early days, but we've always said from the beginning that we welcome additional modalities. We think that there is going to be a roll in the future where there are multiple options for patients with SMA whether it's SPINRAZA whether it's potential gene therapies we're seeing where there are oral spice moderators. And these kind of combinatorial effects or complementary effects of different mechanism are things that we're actively exploring.
Al Sandrock: And I just want to remind everyone, we have a lot of people in queue. So we would really appreciate if you limit to one question each. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Matthew Harrison with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Matthew Harrison: I will not ask a BAN2401 question. I was hoping maybe you could just comment, you mentioned the couple of times and I think when you talked about guidance for the rest of the year. You talked about 2A stability for MS, but you also pointed the EU pricing pressure. Could you just expand upon what's happening in the EU? And what are the risks and the timelines for that playing out? Thanks.
Jeff Capello: Thanks, Matt. It's Jeff. So let me two parts to that question, one is the stability. One of the things we're looking forward to is and as we entered the back half of this year, as we now had a period in U.S. from an MS perspective, we're now up against the comparable period where we had OCREVUS in the market. So that's filled in terms of volumes where we're directed at kind of add equation. So we feel good about that in terms of our potential to kind of the stable in the U.S. Outside the U.S. the volumes have been growing pretty well, outside of Interferon, so we believe that that will continue. The challenges of each European market is different and our pricing pressures. And we'll have to kind of work our way with those certain countries that are little bit more aggressive than others. So we'll have to kind of work through that as we work way to the back half of the year.
Al Sandrock: So let me add to the Jeff's comments, there is nothing new in the EU. Weve seen and weve been facing year-after-year this type of pressure on price. The good news is that revenues growing strong and according to what we did plan. And in some major countries we have conventions and we have some timeline where we need to meet back with the authorities, regulators based on drug optimization and prices being negotiated. But its too early to speculate, but nothing new from the European settings. Its a constant, I would say, engagement with regulators. The important element is that the underlying demand is going well mostly for the key products.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Geoffrey Porges with Leerink Partners. Please go ahead.
Geoffrey Porges: Thank you very much and congratulations on all the progress. Unfortunately back to BAN2401 and, perhaps Michel if you could give us a sense of Biogen's current corporate spends. At this stage, are you willing to commit to another Alzheimers pivotal trial program and then perhaps if you could give us some view or insights on whether another pivotal would have to be of the same size and scale as the aducanumab pivotal trials? And if so, when we might hear about such a development plan? Thanks.
Michel Vounatsos: Thanks for the great question. That maybe little bit too early for us to answer. As you can anticipate we are encouraged by the news. We look forward to the presentation tomorrow. We are engaging very closely with our partners at Eisai. This later data lands well on the amyloid opportunities. This reinforces aducanumab we believe so. So we need to reconvene. We are well positioned with our portfolio that is already large. We believe as many of you that its not one single treatment that will treat all the patients at all the stages. So we need to envision new studies, including potentially combination therapies or sequential therapies to best answer the unmet medical need. But again, too early to be precise on what we have to do. Clearly that is an investment case.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Michael Yee with Jefferies. Please go ahead.
Michael Yee: Thanks for the question and congrats again on the BAN data. I guess, just to clarify some earlier comments about the next steps. Is it fair to say that you would want to seek to aggressively file or that the goal is clearly to start more trials in different patient populations. I guess what are the scenarios and more importantly I guess whats the timing of all this to get some more clarity of the industry? Thanks so much.
Al Sandrock: Hi, Michael, its Al again. Yes, well, look, we can get a meeting with FDA pretty quickly, I believe. And I think well have to see what they say. A whole variety of options are available -- potentially available to us and well do the best I think that we can for AD patients who need a disease modifying therapy approved as soon as possible. In terms of the size and scale we'll have to do next, that will all be based on what these conversations say with respect to regulatory authorities, not just in the U.S., but also across the world.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Geoff Meacham with Barclays. Please go ahead.
Geoff Meacham: Hey, guys. Thanks for the question. Another one on 2401. Obviously, we'll learn a lot more on the data tomorrow. But can you speak out for the ADCOMs a bit more, whats the regulatory view of it? What validation has been done? And then what animal studies have already been completed? I'm just thinking preclinical toxicity, things like that. Thank you.
Al Sandrock: Well, obviously, preclinical studies extensive ones were done in order to allow us to enroll -- both companies to enroll patients into fairly large trials even this Phase 2 trial with BAN2401 had more than 800 patients, so clearly a full and adequate preclinical package was done. In terms of, sorry, I forgot the first part of your question Jeff. Oh the ADCOMs, yeah the ADCOMs. So the ADCOMs is a composite of three already well validated endpoints, the CDR Sum of Boxes, the ADAS-Cog and the NMFC. It chooses elements of -- it actually uses all of the CDR Sum of Boxes, which is about 60% of the composite endpoint and chooses the portions of the ADAS-Cog and the NMFC that increase the sensitivity of the outcome measure to change, in this early population, MCI and mild patients. And they published on this. And how the regulators will view it, we'll have to see what they say when we go to talk to them.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Terence Finn with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Terence Finn: Hi, thanks for taking the question. I was just wondering if you deal the expanded all in your comments and your SMA gene therapy program in terms of maybe timeframe for getting off clinical hold. And then based on the orphan drug designation, it looks like you guys are using the same promoter that Novartis is. But are you willing to share what bacteria you're using at this point? Thanks.
Michael Ehlers: Yes, so this is Mike. All I can really say at this point is we believe we've got a path forward. We're working hard to get this off-clinical hold and we look forward to initiating the trial and getting patients as rapidly as possible. Once we're able to do that, we will have more to say about the precise nature of our gene therapy agent.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Salim Syed with Mizuho. Please go ahead.
Salim Syed: Hey guys, thanks for the question. One on BAN2401, if I may. When you're thinking about running additional trials versus filing, are those two decisions independent of each other? Or if you run additional trials, does that preclude you from filing off the data that you have thus far? Thank you.
Al Sandrock: Well, that's a tough question to answer without the benefit of the conversations we're about to have with the regulators. So I don't think I will have to respond.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Robyn Karnauskas with Citi. Please go ahead.
Robyn Karnauskas: Hi, thanks so much for taking my question and congrats. Question on Opicinumab data that was presented yesterday for 110 weeks. It was confusing because it's versus placebo switch-overs, but it looks like the titration arm didn't do as well as the 10 mg per kg arm. Can you help us understand a little bit more what you think is going on at two years? And how to think about the drug and what's going on in that arm at that time? Thanks.
Al Sandrock: Hi, Robyn, and it's Al again. Yes, it is hard because we've lost the placebo control after one year. I think I do agree with when you look at the data, the 10 mg per kg arm group has always looked good since the very beginning and continues to look great. The titration arm, there is two questions related to that. One is that the dose was lower for period of time in order to try to mitigate the effects of ARIA, which it does. But the two things are happening. One is that you are starting with a lower dose, which we believe might be less effective initially. And then the time to get to the appropriate dose is a little bit later. However, when I look at the translation data, I have to say, I am pretty encouraged overall. I think it looks quite good and may not be as good as 10 mgs per kg. But I think the bottom-line also Robyn is that weve lost the placebo control. Were down to very few patients at this point. I mean we were -- it was not a large trial to begin with. So trying to look at differences between dose arms is pretty hard with this small number of patients.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Phil Nadeau with Cowen & Company. Please go ahead.
Phil Nadeau: One commercial question on SPINRAZA. We saw a deceleration new patient starts beginning in Q2. Is that simply the maturation of the product? Was there anything that can reverse that trend? And on the adult patients specifically you mentioned 60% of population are adults. What proportion of those adults do you think are appropriate for therapy and could be on therapy over the long haul? Thanks.
Michael Ehlers: Yes, I think, we were encouraged by the progress we made from this first quarter to second quarter. I think we mentioned that 20% growth in adult patients being treated, and I think you have the statistic right that 60% of the patient pool is in adults. So we think that still is a large underserved patient pool. The exact percentage of that is treatable. I think is still to be determined given some of the complexities, but we think its a large percentage. So we continue to be encouraged by that patient sub-segment and weve made good progress. And I think we continue to believe as we work our way through the year. Our efforts to focusing on those sites that treat adults, which we did not focus on before is going to pay dividends. Our adult branded and targeted campaign, it's like the patients who are going to pay dividends as well as the investment in sales force. So we continue to expect to see a growth. We will just have to see how much growth we get in the back half of the year versus next year.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Carter Gould with UBS. Please go ahead.
Carter Gould: I guess for Michel and Jeff, on the BD front which seems to be very active completing a number of tuck-ins and platform deals. Meanwhile youve reiterated a number of times a preference for later stage assets. So may be if you could just kind of characterize where you sit now with your BD strategy. And if you see sort of any evolution on that front sort of after the first half of the year?
Michel Vounatsos: I will get started and Jeff will continue. So we always said that the early stage was the sweet spot for organization. This is where we can add the most value base on the quality of the team, our ability to best develop the compound. So we continue to be looking at opportunities that can meet and complement our current portfolio. Its very nice to see like the last year weve done on muscle enhancement that it can reach towards different priority areas that we have. So this is very exciting. We look at order opportunities in later stage too by remaining very disciplined. And I will let Jeff continue on the answer here.
Jeff Capello: I think we are pleased by the progress weve made. And then, since Michel has become the CEO weve done seven deals now. All smart deals, many refer later stage deals that have really helped the pipeline if you look at the slides. So I think we feel good about the pipeline advancement. But as we said from the beginning, we continue to say weve got ample capacity to both invest in early stage deals, late stage deals and return capital to shareholders. And that hasnt changed. The challenge is, I think, as everybody can appreciate is we have to find later stage deals where there is a good scientific rationale, strong international property, good synergies from a commercial and manufacturing perspective and it make sense financially. Those are lot of wickets to get through to kind a get a deal through. But there is no lack of attention and the focus on it. As Michel has said, we now have a strong Head of Business Development, Daniel Karp, who will be moving forward more aggressively looking at later stage deals. And we certainly hope to get something done, but it will be something that will be smart and appropriate and disciplined.
Operator: And your final question will come from the line of Brian Abrahams with RBC Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Brian Abrahams: Thanks for taking my question and congrats on the progress in the quarter. On Alzheimer's being that ADCOMS endpoints, I think, is somewhat new to many of us. I was wondering if you could speak to your views as to the bar for clinical meaningfulness or the goal on that particular endpoint maybe relative to CDR Sum of Boxes. And then maybe speak about how the 2401 results might affect your views of performing interim analysis for Opicinumab in the Phase 3 program? Thanks so much.
Al Sandrock: Hi, Brian, it's Al. First I'm going to start with the interim analysis and the answer that we give is that we're commenting on it. On the -- in terms of the ADCOMS, it's the new endpoint as you pointed out. I haven't seen any publications that relate to what the clinically meaningful difference is. I will say though that the BAN2401 was powered to on the Bayesian analysis, essentially to see a 25% treatment effect size and 80% probably with the threshold. So that answers that in terms of what the study was powered for. Whether what the community believes is the clinically meaningful threshold has not yet been published or determined to my knowledge.
Matt Calistri: Hi all, this is Matt. Thank you again for joining for today's call. Before we conclude, I'd like remind everyone that we planned to host a webcast tomorrow July 25 to discuss our Alzheimer's portfolio with Dr. Al Sandrock, our Chief Medical Officer; and Samantha Budd Haeberlein, Vice President Alzheimer's Disease, Dementia, and Movement Disorders in Late Stage Clinical Development. This will be a webcast-only event, not in-person. And we'll start at 5 p.m. Central Time, 6 p.m. Eastern Time. And a link can be found on the Investor section of Biogen's website at www.biogen.com. Thank you. And we look forward to speaking with you in the future.
Al Sandrock: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you, everyone for attending today. This will conclude today's call. And you may now disconnect.

===== 2018 Q1  (2018-04-24 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Matt Calistri - VP, IR Michel Vounatsos - CEO Michael Ehlers - EVP, Research & Development Jeff Capello - CFO
Analysts: Umer Raffat - Evercore ISI Geoff Meacham - Barclays Eric Schmidt - Cowen Cory Kasimov - J.P. Morgan Geoffrey Porges - Leerink Michael Yee - Jefferies Ying Huang - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Matthew Harrison - Morgan Stanley Terence Flynn - Goldman Sachs Alethia Young - Credit Suisse Robyn Karnauskas - Citi Ronny Gal - Bernstein
Operator: Good morning. My name is Dan and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Biogen First Quarter 2018 Financial Results and Business Update. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions]. Thank you. I would now like to turn the conference over to Mr. Matt Calistri, Vice President, Investor Relations. You may begin your conference.
Matt Calistri: Thanks, Dan. Thank you and welcome to Biogen's first quarter 2018 earnings conference call. Before we begin, I encourage everyone to go to the Investors section of biogen.com to find the press release and related financial tables, including a reconciliation of the GAAP to non-GAAP financial measures that we will discuss today. Our GAAP financials are provided in Tables 1 and 2. Table 3 includes a reconciliation of our GAAP to non-GAAP financial results. We believe non-GAAP financial results better represent the ongoing economics of our business and reflect how we manage the business internally. We have also posted slides on our website that follow the discussions related to this call. I would like to point out that we will be making forward-looking statements, which are based on our current expectations and beliefs. These statements are subject to certain risks and uncertainties and our actual results may differ materially. I encourage you to consult the Risk Factors discussed in our SEC filings for additional detail. On today's call, I am joined by our Chief Executive Officer, Michel Vounatsos; Dr. Michael Ehlers, EVP of Research and Development; and our CFO, Jeff Capello. Before I conclude, I would also like to note that starting with the Q2 2018 earnings call we will post press releases related to future earnings calls, materials, and Investor Events on the Investors section of Biogen's website, www.biogen.com, and issue statement on Twitter when they become available. We will do this instead of publishing press releases related to future earnings calls, earnings releases, and Investor Events via Newswire services. Our Twitter handle is @biogen. Now, I will turn the call over to Michel.
Michel Vounatsos: Thank you, Matt. Good morning everyone and thank you for joining us. First, let me begin with some financial highlights. Biogen started 2018 with first quarter revenues of $3.1 billion. On an apples-to-apples basis, excluding hemophilia, revenues grew 15% versus the same period a year ago. Including hemophilia, revenue grew 11%. First quarter 2018 GAAP earnings were $5.54 a share, a 60% increase versus the same period a year ago, and non-GAAP EPS was $6.05, a 16% increase versus the same period a year ago. We are pleased with our double-digit top-line and bottom-line growth. Our new management team is taking meaningful action to secure our long-term leadership in neuroscience, including strong execution on our core business, a renewed focus on business development, ramping up our internal R&D productivity, and implementing an enhanced operating model designed for the future. Now let me review the solid progress we made in the first quarter. First, our MS core business including OCREVUS royalties delivered revenues of $2.1 billion. Globally, our core franchise remained resilient as reflected by continued growth in number of MS patients and new staffs on Biogen therapy. In the U.S., the good news is that we saw improving demand of our MS products and our discontinuations remain relatively stable. However, we saw the usual seasonality and a larger than expected inventory drawdown. Outside of the U.S., our volumes grew in our priority markets and we continued our strong progress in the emerging markets. Overall, these performance is in line with our expectations, but there are some puts and takes that Jeff will discuss in more detail. We remain absolutely committed to our MS business and we are furthering our lifecycle management initiatives by advancing the development of BIIB098 with our partner Alkermes. We have planned to file for regulatory approval in the U.S. later this year. By initiating efficacy studies and further data generation for the expanded internal dosing for TYSABRI, as we build on the data presented at ECTRIMS. By beginning the development of PLEGRIDY IM as another potential convenient and efficacious options to bolster our market-leading interferon franchise and by continuing to pursue Opicinumab as a potential remyelination therapy. Second, SPINRAZA, the only approved medicine for SMA, with global revenues of $364 million. The number of patients on SPINRAZA grew to approximately 4,100, an increase of over 25% from last quarter and Jeff will be providing more details on this performance. Overall, worldwide SPINRAZA performance was slightly ahead of our expectations, as lower than expected U.S. uptake in the adult segment was offset by stronger than anticipated performance ex-U.S. We will continue to focus our efforts and resources on the more than 5,000 untreated pediatric and other patients in the U.S. and even greater number of untreated patients outside of U.S. that we believe will benefit from SPINRAZA. In the U.S., we believe we have those more than half of incense and close to half of pediatric patients where we believe much more opportunity remains. At the end of the first quarter approximately 25% of patients treated in the U.S. were adults, 18 years or older, an increase from 20% last quarter. We believe this is very encouraging trend particularly now that we have expanded our sales team and can dedicate more resources and efforts to the large pediatric and other segment of the SMA population. Outside of the U.S., we continue to expand access and we are now treating over 1,800 patients. We believe the rapid and sequential reimbursement approvals and future launches are critical to achieve our long-term goals. I'm especially proud of our team's success securing reimbursement in an additional seven markets, meaning we now have reimbursement in 24 countries of which 17 achieved formal reimbursement and seven have individual case-by-case reimbursement. We now have formal reimbursements over 400 million covered lives ex-U.S. and we expect to receive formal reimbursement in at least seven more countries by the end of 2018. In summary, beyond the seasonality and channel dynamics, our core MS business continue to be resilient and we continue to see significant future growth potential for SPINRAZA. Third, we expanded further our neuroscience pipeline and capabilities. We added BIIB104 a Phase 2 asset for neuropsychiatry and we entered into an exclusive 10-year collaboration agreement with Ionis that we believe will differentiate Biogen as the leader in developing ASO-therapies for neurological diseases. We believe our exclusive access with Ionis market-leading ASO platform for the CNS is a remarkable competitive advantage that has the potential to generate a steady flow of transformative medicine into our pipeline. Our cash generation remains very strong and continues to provide us with significant optionality and flexibility in terms of capital allocation. Importantly, and as we have demonstrated in the past, we are committed to maximizing returns over the long-term for our shareholders something that demands a thoughtful approach towards all our investment. As you can see, our newly aligned management team is implementing our updated strategy and delivering noticeable results. We remain highly focused on implementing well on both our MS and SMA core businesses. We are working to create a leaner and simpler operating model and we are strategically allocating capital as we invest to develop and expand our neuroscience portfolio, again with the objective of maximizing shareholder returns. I will now turn the call over to Mike for a more detailed update on our recent progress in R&D.
Michael Ehlers: Thank you, Michel, and good morning everyone. Last July, we communicated our vision for securing definitive leadership in neuroscience. This past quarter we have executed against our goal to meaningfully enhance our pipeline by adding or advancing five clinical stage programs, improving our research productivity, and bolstering our portfolio of pre-clinical assets. I'd like to talk about how we continued that momentum in the first quarter across our core and emerging growth areas. Starting with MS and neuroimmunology. This week we are presenting data at the 70th Annual Meeting of the American Academy of Neurology or AAN, which was also presented at ECTRIMS, regarding real world use of TYSABRI, and the potential impact of extended interval dozing on the risk of PML. A post-hoc analysis of data from the touch database supported an approximately 90% reduction in the risk of PML when taking TYSABRI using extended interval dosing as compared to the standard dosing. Based on these data, we're accelerating efforts to generate more data evaluated in the efficacy of alternate dosing. If this additional research supports a high level of efficacy with a lower risk of PML, we believe it would represent a significant advancement of the treatment of MS. This builds on our broader risk stratification efforts for TYSABRI including the use of JCV index values. Earlier this month, the FDA approved an updated label highlighting the association between index values and the risk of PML. Further, Alkermes will be presenting data at AAN from the EVOLVE-MS-1 study which is a Phase 3 open label long-term study of our partnered monomethyl fumarate prodrug BIIB98 in patients with relapsing remitting MS with 528 patients enrolled to-date. In a one-year interim analysis of exploratory efficacy endpoints, the annualized relapse rate in patients treated with BIIB98 was 0.16 and there was a significant reduction in number of gadolinium positive lesions from baseline to year one. These preliminary results for annualized relapse rate and MRI parameters support BIIB98 as a potential oral treatment option for patients with relapsing remitting MS. Alkermes is planning to file with the FDA by the end of the year. In other areas of MS, given their well characterized efficacy and safety profile, and many years of patient experience, we believe that interferon therapies will continue to play an important role for MS patients. To that end, and as Michel mentioned, we are pleased to announce plans to develop an intramuscular formulation of PLEGRIDY with the goal of reducing injection site reactions, ultimately with the aim of delivering a therapy with safety and tolerability comparable to AVONEX with the efficacy and dosing convenience of PLEGRIDY. Finally, we continue to advance the Phase 2b study of opicinumab as the potentially transformative therapy for many MS patients by promoting remyelination with the goal of improving pre-existing disability. All of these are examples of how we continue to innovate, aspire to create new options for MS patients, and aim to maintain our long-term leadership position in MS. We believe our current MS portfolio uniquely benefits patients across the full spectrum of the disease and we are committed to pursuing new advancements to address the remaining unmet needs of MS patients. I'll now turn to our progress in Alzheimer disease and dementia. We continue to advance our leading Alzheimer's portfolio with multiple assets across complementary modalities and pathways, including the industry's most advanced program targeting beta amyloid. We presented a new analysis of the Phase 1b prime study of aducanumab at AAN. In the 10-milligram per kilogram group aducanumab demonstrated up to 71% reduction in amyloid back on the centelloid scale a method used to standardize pep results. This is the largest degree of plaque reduction ever observed in the field. We believe each new analysis of the Phase 1b data reinforces aducanumab's position as the most advanced potential disease modifying therapy for Alzheimer's disease across the industry. Also targeting beta-amyloid, BAN2401, the A beta antibody currently being developed by our collaboration partner Eisai is continuing to the final 18 month readout in the third quarter of this year and the BACE inhibitor elenbecestat continues to recruit in Phase 3 studies also being inducted by our collaboration partner Eisai. Beyond A beta, we believe that Tau plays an important and complementary role in Alzheimer's disease pathology and we are advancing a suite of Tau assets. We have begun screening patients in the Phase 2 Alzheimer's disease trial of BIIB092, the anti-tau antibody we license from BMS last year and we expect data from the Phase 1 study of BIIB076 another anti-tau antibody by the end of this year. Further, our first-in-class Tau antisense Oligonucleotide BIIB080 is advancing in Phase 1 studies. Turning to neuromuscular disorders, we made significant progress in our strategic priority of spinal muscular atrophy. In March, we presented important new data for SPINRAZA at the Muscular Dystrophy Association Clinical Conference. New interim Phase 2 results from NURTURE studying pre-symptomatic infants with SMA showed that all infants treated with SPINRAZA were alive did not require permanent ventilation and showed improvement in motor function and motor milestone achievements compared to the decline normally seen over the course of the disease. All NURTURE participants achieved the age expected WHO motor milestone of sitting without support. We also presented a case series of five SPINRAZA treated patients with SMA Type 2 or 3 between the ages of 17 and 19 upon their last visit, showing stable or improved motor function and improved quality of life. These data are important and support the clinical value of SPINRAZA for older patients who represent the majority of the current prevalence of the disease. We aim to continue to build on the body of data in this patient population over time. At AAN this week, we are presenting interim results from the SHINE open-label extension study for patients who have transitioned from the ENDEAR study demonstrating long-term benefits for infantile-onset SMA in terms of both improved motor function and longer event free survival. And in collaboration with Columbia University, we are also presenting a case study of 14 later onset patients between the ages of two and 15 showing that with SPINRAZA treatment they were able to walk longer distances, while experiencing decreases in fatigue. In February, the end of study results from the SPINRAZA Phase 3 CHERISH study were published in The New England Journal of Medicine, another important acknowledgement of the unprecedented benefits that SPINRAZA provides to later onset patients. Biogen remains committed to advancing the standard of care in SMA beyond SPINRAZA. We continue to advance our genetherapy program in collaboration with University of Pennsylvania with study initiation expected in the middle of the year. But we are not stopping there. We believe that the future treatment landscape may involve combination for sequential therapy across different modalities. We have heard reports that seven of the 15 patients in AveXis Phase 1 gene therapy study have subsequently gone on to SPINRAZA, suggesting that clinical experience to-date may support the utility of ASOs in combination with gene therapy. Sequential or additive benefits of gene therapy in ASOs could include additive effects on protein levels on a per cell basis, complementary distribution and transduction across the CNS, and durability and stability of Episomal transgene expression. These are some of the reasons we are actively pursuing a strategy to evaluate SPINRAZA in combination with gene therapy, but simply, we do not believe the gene therapy will replace ASOs but rather provide a complementary modality. Moving to our progress and movement disorders. At AAN, we are presenting Phase 1 data for BIIB054, our anti-alpha-synuclein antibody for Parkinson's disease. BIIB054 demonstrated favorable pharmacokinetics as well as a safety and tolerability profile which support advancement into the ongoing Phase 2 trial. At AAN, we're also presenting Phase 1 data for anti-tau antibody BIIB092 in progressive supranuclear palsy which was well tolerated and demonstrated reductions in CSF pre-tau levels of over 90%. We laid the foundation for our entry in neuropsychiatry this quarter, with our agreement to acquire Phase 2b ready AMPA receptor potentiator now called BIIB104 from Pfizer. This transaction has now closed. BIIB104 is a first-in-class molecule initially targeting cognitive impairment associated with schizophrenia or CIAS, a devastating aspect of schizophrenia with no current treatment options. We believe BIIB104 has compelling data from a number of distinct early clinical studies demonstrating functional circuit activation as measured by FMRI, treatment effects on relevant domains of cognition, and the potential for a favorable benefit risk profile. In particular, the multiple ascending dose study in stable subjects with schizophrenia demonstrated dose dependent effects on improvement from baseline to day 14 across multiple cognitive domains including working memory, short-term memory, verbal recall and reasoning. Importantly, we saw correlation to this clinical advocacy with plasma exposure. We believe this molecule is differentiated from prior compounds in the class due to its high potency and favorable PKPD profile which we believe allows for an improved therapeutic index. We plan to initiate a Phase 2b trial in CIAS by the end of the year in parallel to exploring additional studies across other indications supporting our core growth areas. Within acute neurology, we are excited about the potential for BIIB093, our first-in-class IV glibenclamide therapeutic targeting brain edema in large hemispheric infarcts. We plan to start our Phase 3 study in the middle of this year. We also recently initiated the Phase 2 study of natalizumab in drug resistant focal epilepsy and we dosed the first patient last month. Within neuropathic pain, we are advancing BIIB074 into Phase 3 for Trigeminal Neuralgia, the start of activities outside the U.S. in parallel to FDA engagement. We expect to dose the first patient by the end of the year. We have completed enrolment in the Phase 2 study of BIIB074 for Painful Lumbosacral Radiculopathy with data expected towards the end of the year and we've began screening patients in the Phase 2 trial of BIIB074 in small fiber neuropathy as we explore multiple potential indications. Given the high unmet medical needs of neuropathic pain patients especially in light of the growing opioid epidemic, we are excited to expand our pain portfolio with the recent initiation of a Phase 1 study for BIIB095, our second Nav 1.7 inhibitor. Within ophthalmology, our partner AGTC recently completed enrolment in the Phase 1/2 trial with it's AAV based gene therapy program for X-Linked Retinoschisis or XLRS. Top-line data are anticipated by Q4 with the final analysis at the 12-month time point. Last week, AGTC also dosed the first patient in the Phase 1/2 study in X-Linked's Retinitis Pigmentosa or XLRP. Underpinning all of our efforts across our core and emerging growth areas, is investing in core capabilities, platforms, and modalities to enhance our translational mission in neuroscience. To that end, last week we announced a new exclusive 10-year collaboration agreement with Ionis Pharmaceuticals to develop novel antisense oligonucleotide drug candidates for a range of neurological diseases. This partnership brings together the industry-leader in ASO drug discovery with the industry-leader in neuroscience drug development to create what we believe will be a powerful CNS genetic medicine engine. Based on our experience with SPINRAZA and other ASOs we have in development, we believe that Intrathecal ASOs may address many genetic diseases and genetic targets of the central nervous system including some pathways that were previously undruggable with small molecules and monoclonal antibodies. Given their ability to directly intervene at the genetic origin of disease, we believe ASO approaches have a higher probability of success than traditional modalities with a more efficient development path and greater potential speed to patients. We believe this collaboration solidifies a key pillar of our R&D strategy to become the leader in neuroscience. We aim to advance several SPINRAZA like drugs to patients in the future. Importantly ASOs are now validated as a transformative therapeutic modality for CNS in particular. Now with an industry-leading CNS ASO platform partnership secured, we further aim to build emerging synergistic modalities including gene therapy to further augment Biogen's leadership in neurological diseases. We see high complementarity for ASO therapeutics in gene therapy. Intrathecal ASOs can be well tolerated, exclusively selective, can up or down regulate gene expression, may be readily manufactured, may not be subject to immune surveillance, and exert effects that may be reversed based on drug pharmacokinetics. We further believe that a powerhouse ASO platform will significantly augment our overall approach to genetic diseases and targets of the CNS. Please refer to our webcast from Friday, April 20th, which is available on our website for more details on this new collaboration. Overall, we had a remarkably productive quarter across our pipeline in both our core and emerging growth areas and we aim to maintain this momentum through the rest of this year and beyond. I will now pass the call to Jeff.
Jeff Capello: Thanks Mike. Good morning everyone. I'll now review our financial performance for the first quarter 2018, starting with revenues. As Michel mentioned earlier, results for the first quarter were largely in line with our expectations. Total revenue for Q1 were $3.1 billion growing 11% year-over-year or 15% excluding hemophilia. Let me now provide more detail on our MS franchise revenues. While the expensed seasonality and greater than anticipated inventory impacts in the U.S., we believe the fundamentals of the business are healthy across our portfolio as we continue to drive stability in the U.S. and strong growth outside the U.S. Global first quarter TECFIDERA revenues were $987 million, a 3% increase versus the prior year. This included revenues of $729 million in the U.S., a decrease of 3% versus Q1 2017, and $258 million outside the U.S., an increase of 25% versus the first quarter 2017. In the U.S. we saw an inventory drawdown of approximately $80 million. This compares to a drawdown of approximately $60 million in Q1 2017 thus driving a difference of $20 million year-over-year. Excluding this impact U.S. TECFIDERA revenues would have been stable versus Q1 of last year as net pricing increases offset the impact of OCREVUS. On a sequential basis, we saw stable U.S. volumes for TECFIDERA versus the prior year when accounting for the inventory dynamics, with improving demand generation trends within the quarter leading to increased share of new prescriptions and stable share of total prescriptions. In addition we were very pleased with TECFIDERA's performance outside the U.S. driven by strong year-over-year patient growth across each large European market and solid emerging market growth, particularly in Japan, where TECFIDERA has reached 16% market share in its first year in the market. We believe there is significant opportunity remaining for TECFIDERA outside the U.S., with continued momentum expected in Europe and further geographic expansion into new markets such as Latin America. Ex-U.S. TECFIDERA revenues benefited by approximately $12 million versus the prior year due to changes in foreign exchange rates, net of hedging. TYSABRI worldwide revenues were $462 million this quarter, a decrease of 15% versus the first quarter of 2017. This included $250 million in the U.S. and $212 million outside the U.S. In the U.S. revenues declined 18% versus prior year primarily due to the launch of OCREVUS and disproportionately higher gross to net charges driven by seasonality and timing. We saw stable U.S. volume for TYSABRI versus prior quarter with improving share of new prescriptions and stable share of total prescriptions. Outside the U.S. TYSABRI revenues decreased 11% versus the prior year. As a reminder, in Q1 2017 we reported a $45 million benefit following our agreement with the Italian National Medicines Agency, AIFA related to prior periods. Ex-U.S. TYSABRI revenues this quarter benefited by approximately $17 million versus the prior year due to changes in foreign exchange rates, net of hedging. TYSABRI patients increased in most major European markets versus the prior year along with strong double-digit patient growth in emerging markets. Interferon revenues including both AVONEX and PLEGRIDY were $550 million during the first quarter, a decrease of 15% versus Q1 2017. This included $371 million in the U.S. and a $179 million in sales outside the U.S. In the U.S. we saw a decrease of Interferon inventory of approximately $50 million in Q1 2018 as compared to a decrease of $20 million, driving at $30 million delta year-over-year due to channel dynamics. Ex-U.S. Interferon revenues benefited by approximately $11 million versus the prior year due to changes in foreign exchange rate, net of hedging. Overall U.S. MS performance versus prior year was impacted by both the launch of OCREVUS and channel dynamics. Despite these factors our U.S. sales team demonstrates resilience in driving stability and underlying demand sequentially for TECFIDERA and TYSABRI. We expect both factors to be less significant on a year-over-year basis as we move throughout the year, but the potential benefit is if there was a channel build towards the end of the year, we are encouraged by the momentum we saw in underlying demand as we enter the second quarter. Let me now move on to SPINRAZA. Global first quarters SPINRAZA revenues were $364 million. This included a $188 million in the U.S. and a $176 million outside the U.S. We saw a 16% increase in the number of patients on therapy in the U.S. as compared to the end of the fourth quarter. However revenues decreased versus Q4 due to a lower rate of new patient starts, combined with the impact of a loading dose dynamics. We believe we have now worked through a good majority of the bowls of urgent, infant, and pediatric patients, we saw earlier in the launch and we continue to see significant growth opportunity in both pediatric and adult populations. We saw an increased contribution for maintenance doses as many patients have transitioned to dosing once every four months on a chronic basis. In the U.S. approximately 40% of SPINRAZA revenues in the first quarter were attributed to maintenance doses as compared to 25% in the fourth quarter. This correlates with a continued decline in the average doses per patient from 1.6 to 1.1 from Q4 last year to Q1 of this year. In the first quarter approximately 20% of U.S. SPINRAZA units were dispensed through a free drug program, highlighting our goal that no patient would forego treatment because of financial limitation or insurance denial in the U.S. We believe both inventory levels and discounts and allowances for SPINRAZA were relatively flat in the first quarter versus Q4 of last year. We continue to be encouraged by the opportunity to reach a large number of untreated pediatric and adult patients in the U.S. We expect to see stable U.S. revenues sequentially for the next couple of quarters but the potential inflection point by the end of the year as we remain focused on increasing our efforts around lead patient identification, reimbursement, and sales and marketing to reach older patients. Outside the U.S. a number of commercial SPINRAZA patients increased over 50% versus the prior quarter and there are still approximately 290 patients active in the expanded access program. We signed increasing contribution for multiple markets, which recently secured reimbursement with over two-thirds of ex-U.S. SPINRAZA revenues in the first quarter coming from Germany, Japan, Italy, and France. Overall we believe that the international opportunity for SPINRAZA is even greater than in the U.S. given the uniform epidemiology across geographies and the growing level of market access that can generate future growth momentum. Let me now move on to our Biosimilars business which generates $128 million in revenues this quarter nearly doubling versus prior year. We have seen continued steady market share gains across the large European markets following the rapid initial conversion in the Nordics. In addition to a continued expected uptick for BENEPALI, we believe the expected launch of IMRALDI in October this year will be an additional growth driver for our Biosimilars business going forward. In the coming months we plan to exercise our option to increase our equity stake in the Samsung Bioepis joint venture. We believe this is an attractive value creation opportunity. Turning to anti-CD20 revenues, we recorded $443 million in Q1 an increase of 30% versus the prior year primarily driven by OCREVUS royalties as well as a strong performance from RITUXAN. This includes our estimated OCREVUS royalties of $77 million for the first quarter. Total other revenues were $164 million in the first quarter an 83% increase versus Q1 2017 as we continued to benefit from greater contract manufacturing. Q1 GAAP and non-GAAP gross margins were 86% a slight improvement versus the fourth quarter due to lower contract manufacturing and the impact of the ZINBRYTA write-off last quarter. Q1 GAAP and non-GAAP R&D expense was 16% of revenue or $497 million including approximately $13 million of trial closeout cost for ZINBRYTA. There were no meaningful milestone payments booked in the first quarter. The increase in R&D compared to Q1 2017 was principally driven by higher clinical trial costs as we invest to grow our product pipeline. In Q2 we expect report $75 million of GAAP in-process R&D expense related to the closing of our asset acquisition with Pfizer for BIIB104. We also expect to report the substantial majority of the $375 million upfront payment to Ionis as a both GAAP and non-GAAP R&D expense along with the equity premium as GAAP only R&D. Q1 GAAP SG&A was 16% of revenue or $501 million. Q1 non-GAAP SG&A was also 16% of revenue at $498 million. As a percentage of revenues both GAAP and non-GAAP SG&A decreased versus the prior year primarily due to the timing of spend across sales and marketing and G&A. GAAP other net expense which includes interest was $41 million in first quarter versus $38 million in Q1 of last year. Non-GAAP other net expense was $35 million in Q1 versus $38 million in Q1 of last year. In Q1 our GAAP tax rate was approximately 22% and our non-GAAP tax rate was approximately 21% both benefiting by approximately 250 to 300 basis points versus the prior year to the recently enacted U.S. corporate tax reform legislation as well as expected closing of the Ionis transaction and mix of profits by geography. Our weighted average diluted share count for Q1 was approximately 212 million. We repurchased approximately 900,000 shares in Q1 for a total value of $250 million leaving $2.75 billion remaining under our current share repurchase authorization which now brings us to diluted earnings per share. In the first quarter we booked GAAP earnings of $5.54 per share, an increase of 60% versus last year and non-GAAP earnings of $6.05 per share, an increase of 16% versus last year. We generated approximately $1.5 billion of cash flow from operations for Q1 and ended the quarter with approximately $7.1 billion in cash and marketable securities, and $5.9 billion in debt. After repatriating $3.5 billion in Q1, approximately 85% of our cash is now held in U.S. We believe we have and we will continue to have ample capacity to execute meaningful future business development and M&A as well as return capital to shareholders. We will also continue to be disciplined in our approach and focused on value creation. I will now turn the call back over to Michel for his closing comments.
Michel Vounatsos: Thank you, Jeff. We closed the first quarter with solid double-digit revenue and earnings growth and with the momentum across our business that we anticipated. In line with our strategic priorities, we allocated capital to both invest in our differentiated pipeline and opportunistically return capital to shareholders. We do not intend to pose or slowdown here. We believe there will be plenty more we can accomplish through the rest of 2018. Looking forward within the next 12 months, we expect further progress across our neuroscience pipeline, including completing enrolment of aducanumab, dosing the first patient with our gene therapy for SMA, data readouts across MS, Alzheimer's, neuropathic pain of thermology and ALS, initiation of Phase 3 studies in stroke and neuropathic pain, and filing for regulatory approval in the U.S. for BIIB098 in MS. Overall, as we have communicated in the past, our goal is to secure the long-term growth potential of Biogen beyond just aducanumab. We believe we have made progress between the potential 2019 U.S. launch of BIIB098, the potential launch of late-stage assets for stroke, PSP, neuropathic pain in the early 2020s, and our continued progress to bolster our early and mid-stage pipeline but we clearly have more work to do to achieve this goal. Importantly, and for the long-term growth of Biogen, we are focused on our eight priority markets with the U.S. remaining the most significant driver. However, as we execute on our strategy and selectively expand our global footprint, we are seeing evidence that there is likely more long-term growth opportunity than we expected in the EU and in the emerging markets. Our MS volumes continue to grow outside of the U.S. and it is still an under-diagnosed disease in many developed countries. Our Biosimilars business in Europe is now tracking at a potential run rate of at least $0.5 billion a year and we plan to launch IMRALDI in October of this year. SPINRAZA is paving the way for Biogen to establish a presence in selected new geographies which will support further global growth. In the first quarter, our ex-U.S. product revenues were $986 million, an increase of over 30% from the same period a year ago, and we have recently opened affiliate in China, Korea, Taiwan, and Colombia. Finally, I want to reiterate our commitment to maximizing returns to our shareholders over the long-term. This demands that we continue to allocate capital efficiently, effectively, and appropriately. As we have demonstrated in the past, we will always strive to have an optimal capital structure as well as aim for superior returns from the investments we make. I would like to thank our employees around the world who have dedicated to making a positive impact on patient's life and all of the physicians, caregivers and participants in our clinical development programs. Next month, Biogen will be celebrating its 40th Anniversary. Our past and future achievements could not be realized without the passion and commitment. With that, we will open the call for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Your first question today comes from the line of Umer Raffat with Evercore ISI. Please go ahead.
Umer Raffat: Hi, thanks so much for taking my question. I wanted to focus on Alzheimers for a minute maybe and your sample size estimation because of the higher variability and I guess my question is this, you added patients to the trial despite unless they are dropouts which implies to me that perhaps the higher variance has to do with the assumptions you made on both the trials both on the treatment of fact and perhaps also on variance so my question is where your assumptions on the placebo arm informed by prior trials that happened reported large ones or where they were informed by the Phase 1b data that you presented previously.
Michael Ehlers: Yes, Umer, this is Mike. I'll take that. So essentially you're correct about this, let me clarify. The variability that was observed was and the powering of the study was initially designed based on our known data in the Phase 1b prime data study as well as other previously conducted studies so both were contributing to our estimation to that. Of course it's always an estimation of the variability that we would expect to see and the blinded sample size readjustment was put in place in order to take care of the situation where I think our assumptions were not quite accurate. And that's what we found in this case where our assumptions as we had initially going again in were not exactly the same as the behavior that we were observing across the blinded sample size. So as a consequence we increased the sample size of the trial as a whole in order to preserve 90% power.
Umer Raffat: Got it. And just to be clear when Lily ran their third trial they used higher end of the standard deviation and they basically took the higher standard deviation from the first two trials; is that a practice you had continued to implement as well?
Michael Ehlers: Well, I mean we haven't gotten into that level of detail on exactly the statistics underlying our initial assumptions. But just for a little bit of perspective I mean this blinded sample size re-estimation as you know is a pretty standard method used in trials and we did the same thing actually an increase of sample size for both our TECFIDERA and PLEGRIDY trials and they were ongoing.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Geoff Meacham with Barclays. Please go ahead.
Geoff Meacham: Hey guys good morning and thanks a lot for the questions. Just had a question on commercial SPINRAZA. I realize that trends can be lumpy on a sequential basis just given dosing but does like new starts moderate in the U.S. can you speak to the dynamics in the U.S. end of the market and then obviously OUS you do have some nice sequential growth and good new ads and maybe just speak to kind of where you are with respect to adoption in some of the major markets. Thank you.
Michel Vounatsos: So thanks for the question. This is Michel. We don't see the start forms really at the tread line and we're working hard really to capture now the rest of the pediatric population and the adult population and these takes a bit more time than we anticipated. But if we step back, there was bolus of patients a year ago that were working for this only hope for treating SMA. And they came pretty fast to treatment and we have basically outpaced all estimate that we had and that the external stakeholders had also. So we did extremely well and the model worked very well. Now the second phase is absolutely to do to hey to do the same, but for the pediatric and adult population which is the biggest cutter of SMA patients. So we are basically enhancing and increasing the field team. We have now an adult campaign that we are launching and we start to see traction. We have patient's ambassadors as adults and we are encouraged by the momentum actually. So we are really focused on implementation there is still more than 5,000 patients to go. The team is putting the head down and implementing better than ever and actually I have good confidence in our U.S. team.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Eric Schmidt with Cowen. Please go ahead.
Eric Schmidt: Maybe another question for Michel on biz dev you mentioned a renewed focus here. Is there a specific goal that you're trying to achieve via business development maybe you can comment on what that is and what exactly you and the board have alignment on with regard to your focus here?
Jeff Capello: So let me take that one. This is Jeff. So as Michel has said and I've said as well we've got. an enviable position here where we were well capitalized and we generated a lot of cash. And so we're in an enviable position where we have a lot of cash available to create shareholder value. Our premium is on adding to the pipeline, given our commercial footprint and our manufacturing footprint and trying to bring in assets that are closer to being market ready. So there's certainly a preference to kind of look at those types of transactions. However as we go along we'll continue to add to the pipeline with mid-stage assets and lower-stage assets where they fill in, and Mike has done a great job with his team doing that. But at the same time given our capital situation our cash flow generation we can both add to the pipeline both later-stage assets and mid-stage assets and also return capital to shareholders. And I do want to reiterate we have $2.75 billion remaining under our share repurchase program and we expect to be active on that front as well.
Michel Vounatsos: So if I can add on one Jeffs comments. The priority capital allocation will go in terms of BD, will go on the priority growth areas. So we will retain some capital and will distribute. We'll continue to distribute the way we have done but even more eventually. But the investment in terms of BD will be primarily dedicated to the priority growth areas: MS, neuroimmunology, movement disorders, neuromuscular diseases and the last one, Mike.
Michael Ehlers: Alzheimer's.
Michel Vounatsos: Alzheimer's disease absolutely.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Cory Kasimov with J.P. Morgan. Please go ahead.
Cory Kasimov: Hey guys. Good morning. Thanks for taking the question. I guess following up on Eric's. I also wanted to ask about BD but in a different way as it relates to the growth outlook for the company from here, so with SPINRAZA flattening out at least in the U.S. as you been predicating and a stable MS franchise. I'm curious if you think you can continue to grow the business over the intermediate term without bringing in a later-stage pipeline from the outside. Thanks.
Jeff Capello: Let me start with a comment on MS, SPINRAZA flattening out in the U.S. I don't think we're saying that the U.S. is going to flatten out indefinitely. I think what we're saying is because we were so successful in getting through the bolus of patients when we first introduced the drug that we had kind of a benefit -- one-time benefit of a number of patients, particularly in kind of the infants and the pediatrics. And so we worked our way through that which is why kind of the loading doses have come down a bit which is kind of impacting our sequential growth. We think that as we, as Michel said, penetrated the adult segment which is the largest segment that growth will resume and we're kind of predicting that to happen at kind of the end of this year as our sales force gets focused on the different centers to treat adults we get through reimbursement we identify those patients. So there is still a very good growth opportunity in the U.S. Outside the U.S. there's an even bigger opportunity and you can see and we've said clearly that we think the market is going to be greater. We won't face exactly the same dynamics because some of the outside U.S. patients don't go through the normal loading doses they come through the expanded access program. So we'll have more of a regular growth outside of the U.S. So we're still very confident that the SPINRAZA has a very growth -- good growth opportunity ahead of it.
Michel Vounatsos: So I can only reinforce the focus of the organization on executing well all around the world including the U.S. As I've said we are very encouraged by the leadership and the implementation that we see in the U.S. even if there are some bumps sometimes on the way. This is the nature of our business. So it's all about growth and this hopefully will be generated in the U.S. more directly but mostly ex-U.S. Concerning SPINRAZA with the rapid and sequential reimbursement that we are gaining and the objective by the end of the year we are unlocking new opportunities in terms of picking SMA population. So this paves the way hopefully to us achieving the peak sales that we anticipate and we already said this will be one of the largest asset of the organization. Obviously we look at complementing eventually the momentum with some acquisition but we will be very wise always on the way we invest our capital and if we believe we can do -- these assets can do better in Biogen hands then well propose that to the board that will be always very cautious but we are actively looking absolutely.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Geoffrey Porges with Leerink. Please go ahead.
Geoffrey Porges: Thank you very much and appreciate all the color. Just following up on SPINRAZA. You gave us good information on the distribution of patient types by age in U.S but could you provide the same color for the 2300 or so patients outside the U.S. I think that's the right number. And then could you just comment on treatment persistence in the U.S. where you've been in the market for longest for those three different patient population infant, pediatric, and the adolescents in adults. Thanks.
Jeff Capello: Yes, so let me give you the numbers as it relates to kind of Europe. I don't have all the numbers around the world but kind of our Type 1 patients were roughly 810 in the first quarter, Type 2 were 590, and Type 3 were 138, that's how it breaks out plus Geoff.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Michael Yee with Jefferies. Please go ahead.
Michael Yee: Thanks for the question. Appreciate it. In regards to the Samsung Bioepis stake which you made a comment about planning to exercise in the coming months, can you just remind us I guess how that would work when you do that you have to integrate your P&L or you just going to hold the equity stake obviously that would be worth billions of dollars, so maybe just the plans on that and how that strategically would fit with what you guys are trying to do et cetera et cetera. Thanks so much.
Michel Vounatsos: So this is Michel before we come to this question I just wanted to answer the second part of the previous question. The discontinuations on SPINRAZA are extremely low and this speaks to the efficacy of the product and the progress that the patients are making on the product. Now Biosimilars.
Michael Ehlers: Yes, so as it relates to kind of exercising that option that would be an equity investment we would make and would still be below the level that would require us to consolidate, so it would be an equity investment where we would just pick up their share or our share of the net profits with regard to that collaboration. So would be booked kind of below the line, below non-operating.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ying Huang with Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Please go ahead.
Ying Huang: Hi, thanks for the question. Another quick one of SPINRAZA as well you mentioned previously that seven patients from the AveXis 101 Phase 1 type 1 SMA patients have already been receiving SPINRAZA treatment. Can you talk about where those seven patients saw additional function improvement from SPINRAZA? And then secondly in light of the recent failures of the Merck facing better in two Phase 3 trials does that change your thought on your base program in Phase 3 or not. Thank you.
Michael Ehlers: Hey, Ying this is Mike thanks for the questions there. I mean so that the short answer is that we really don't have direct information on the clinical status or outcome of the patients in the AveXis trial that had substantially gone on SPINRAZA. All we can really say is that medical experience to-date and as reported by AveXis indicates that number or a large number of patients who received in therapy subsequently gone in SPINRAZA. But while we don't know the exact reasons there, they're not hard to imagine and in any event suggest that even with a gene therapy product on the market we can anticipate substantial need and use for combination therapy which is something that we're actively exploring in terms of preclinical studies. With regard to the Merck base inhibitor results of course these are things we've been looking at very carefully. I think they do raise a number of very valid questions about the right patient population study design when you might anticipate potential benefit or not and these are things that we're looking at very closely in active discussions with our collaboration partner ASI.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Matthew Harrison with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Matthew Harrison: Great, good morning thanks for taking the question. I was hoping maybe we could just talk a little bit about your neuropathic pain assets. Obviously you're going to have some probably have some data from the Radiculopathy study sometime in the second half of this year. Maybe if you could just help us think about, what we're going to see out of that dataset and how you would frame that data in terms of insights into the overall program. Thanks.
Michael Ehlers: Yes, so this is Mike, Matt. Thanks for the question on that. So right now this is we've got BIIB74 its we'll be starting a Phase 3 trial in Trigeminal Neuralgia I mentioned. Its completed enrollment in Phase study in painful lumbosacral radiculopathy. These are two different pain syndromes. I think as you know and one of the challenges but and opportunities in the neuropathic pain space as you got a variety of different specific indications that have different features of neuropathic pain. Trigeminal neuralgia very episodic pain crises and some where we've got stronger proof of concept data. Lumbosacral radiculopathy or sciatica this is a little bit more of a mixed neuropathic in inflammatory pains state that's a little bit more of a mixed mixture. We've started screening on our -- on the trial in small fiber neuropathy again this would be a small fiber more episodic pain disease. In each of these cases, a lot depends on the specific pain state and the mechanism that you're going after. That's why we were trying in each of these three, the strongest clinical evidence that we have to-date is in trigeminal neuralgia and we're looking to explore where that might provide additional benefit beyond trigeminal neuralgia.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Terence Flynn with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Terence Flynn: Hi, thanks for taking the questions. Maybe just on SPINRAZA in Europe, I was wondering if you can give us a little bit more detail on the percent of patients that are getting a loading versus maintenance dosing and then roughly where you would expect that to end up by the end of the year. And then for Jeff, you had repurchased $250 million of stock in the quarter; you mentioned you still have a pretty sizable amount outstanding. How should we think about the case on the forward there? Thanks a lot.
Michel Vounatsos: So we get started on the SMA question ex-U.S., so you recall that we had many patients on the early access program. So we dont have the hockey stick as easy of dosing dose in most of the market. So this is helping the trend be much more smooth. And in addition there is a sequential access and reimbursement progress we're making and this should pave the way combined with the U.S. performance for long-term growth on SPINRAZA.
Jeff Capello: And with regard to the share repurchase question, so I would look -- based on the stock price today we think the company is very undervalued, I would look for us to kind of pick up our pace with regard to the share repurchase and actually get out to $2.75 billion over a reasonable timeframe.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Alethia Young with Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
Alethia Young: Hi guys, thanks for taking my question. I was just curious actually about the Alkermes program BIIB098, just how youre thinking about the potential opportunity there from that relationship of payors and the physicians and thinking about differentiated profile in TECFIDERA in particular linear generic which may come in August of 2019. Thanks.
Michael Ehlers: Okay Alethia this is Mike. Ill start with this and then pass it on a little bit. So I mean the status is that Alkermes is presenting data at AAN demonstrating clear benefits I mentioned on annualized relapse rate and MRI lesions. Were in the midst of generating and gathering data in head to head comparison with TECFIDERA which well be talking about more at the beginning of next year. We do anticipate of being able to file this year and look the profile that we're looking for here is to-date we've seen strong evidence of efficacy. Weve seen safety profile that looks favorable and we're very interested to know how that lines up relative to our experience with TECFIDERA and we imagine that upon filing and making it available to patients that this would provide an additional potential option with potentially differentiated tolerability profile.
Michel Vounatsos: And if I may add, this is Michel. This will be another opportunity to expand the fastest growing segment of the MS DMT which is the oral and TECFIDERA is doing great but here we will have another opportunity with potentially integrate. And coming back to the overall growth questions and the reasons to believe also for MS, we continue to take price and we have seen that. The generics are mostly impacting the originator, the unmet medical needs is tremendous. We have an entire portfolio where we are leaders on the platforms, the orals and the high efficacy. We are generating more data and we had a pipeline. So these are additional reasons to believe in our ability to compete and to grow.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Robyn Karnauskas with Citi. Please go ahead.
Robyn Karnauskas: Hi guys, thank you for taking my question. So just a little bit along the lines of TECFIDERA continuing about next year, youre referring from doctors that they view TECFIDERA [indiscernible] similarly and so basically patients dont get both, they are now curious whether or not your market research was supportive of that and then on the lines do you think that a generic will really only impact the brand. What gives you the confidence is it just a just rebating and would you be surprised going forward next year that you stuff added 14 people to use generic ahead of a different type of brand in the oral class. So maybe give us some comfort around what your market repurchase value is?
Michel Vounatsos: So the way the market so far has managed those DMTs was with open formularies because of this type of disease and they do believe the payors that is not a blanket formulary that will increase the value for the patients. We are talking here logically different therapies, different classes. As you know the monitoring on the Gilenya is pretty intense during the first period on the product. I dont see how evidence based medicines will be completely overshadowed by formularies in order to prescribe first a generic of S1P that has baggage of efficacy and risk profile that is different from the other DMTs, this would be a bad day for evidence based medicine in this country and this will be the first time for neurological diseases and mostly MS. I dont see that as a credible assumption, we will not take that in our long range plan assumption.
Michael Ehlers: And Robyn, I may add just a little bit here, this is Mike. I think in our experience and discussions practicing a neurologist out there is that there would be a very strong aversion we believe to patients potentially having to have a multi-hour first dose cardiac monitoring as a step through for some of the therapy. So there is an initial a clinical burden that would generally be viewed negatively by a number of MS neurologists we believe.
Operator: And your final question today will come from the line of Ronny Gal with Bernstein. Please go ahead.
Ronny Gal: Good morning everybody and thanks for fitting me in. Just wanted to talk a little bit about the pattern of buying that you're seeing with the MS product, it feels a little bit like buyers are buying in the fourth quarter ahead of anticipated price increases in the first quarter. Is this whats going on and is it something you can manage through contracting and similarly can you talk a little bit about co-pay accumulators as you switch to patients from kind of insurance type card to a more of credit card format in terms of your co-pay assistance program?
Jeff Capello: Ronny, its Jeff. Let me help you with the inventory channel dynamics and reiterate some of the numbers for you. So I think as you saw in our press release, we disclosed the channel inventory overall for U.S. MS came down about $130 million in the first quarter. If you look at that compared to the fourth quarter channel inventory went up $50 million. So we had about $180 million swing that had nothing to do with fundamental demand as far as we can see it, it is just channel dynamics. So that's a good kind of overall sense of kind of what happened Q4 to Q1 and we expect that the case is in fact because of expected price increases weve done and further regularly in the first quarter. So that we cant control to a certain degree that we have kind of a larger kind of channel building that's prerogative in the fourth quarter and then some drawdown in the first quarter. Fundamentally though as we look at kind of share and we looked at it carefully with regard to kind of going from the fourth to the first quarter that script, we believe we picked up share in both TECFIDERA and TYSABRI from the fourth quarter to the first quarter in U.S. in terms of new prescriptions and the kind of flat total prescriptions. So we think the business underlying are pretty healthy and its going in the right direction but we cant control always kind of the channel inventory dynamics.
Michel Vounatsos: Yes, we are pleased to see that basically we cross that during the months of March in MVRX Ocrevus with a growth momentum for the BIIB portfolio, so we are pleased to see that. But still a long way to go. So concerning the patient accumulator I understand this is the last question, so we believe that some [indiscernible] have started to account the co-pays element differently according to these new co-pay evaluator formula and there is absolutely no impact at this stage, we need to monitor that every year carefully but at this stage there is nothing more to report. End of Q&A
Michel Vounatsos: So thank you all for attending our Q1 call and have a good day. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you to everyone for attending today. This will conclude todays call and you may now disconnect.

===== 2017 Q4  (2018-01-25 08:00:00) =====
Executives: Matt Calistri - Vice President, Investor Relations Michel Vounatsos - Chief Executive Officer Michael Ehlers - Executive Vice President, Research and Development Jeff Capello - Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Michael Yee - Jefferies Umer Raffat - Evercore Geoff Meacham - Barclays Geoffrey Porges - Leerink Eric Schmidt - Cowen & Company Matthew Harrison - Morgan Stanley Alethia Young - Credit Suisse Ying Huang - Bank of America/Merrill Lynch Chris Raymond - Piper Jaffray Robyn Karnauskas - Citigroup Terence Flynn - Goldman Sachs Cory Kasimov - JPMorgan Carter Gould - UBS
Operator: Good morning. My name is Chris and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Biogen Fourth Quarter and Year End 2017 Financial Results and Business Update. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. I would now like to turn the conference over to Mr. Matt Calistri, Vice President, Investor Relations. You may begin your conference.
Matt Calistri: Thank you and welcome to Biogens fourth quarter and full year 2017 earnings conference call. Before we begin, I encourage everyone to go to the Investors section of biogen.com to find the press release and related financial tables, including a reconciliation of the GAAP to non-GAAP financial measures that we will discuss today. Our GAAP financials are provided in Tables 1 and 2. Table 3 includes a reconciliation of our GAAP to non-GAAP financial results. We believe non-GAAP financial results better represent the ongoing economics of our business and reflect how we manage the business internally. We have also posted slides on our website that follow the discussions related to this call. I would like to point out that we will be making forward-looking statements, which are based on our current expectations and beliefs. These statements are subject to certain risks and uncertainties and our actual results may differ materially. I encourage you to consult the risk factors discussed in our SEC filings for additional detail. On todays call, I am joined by our Chief Executive Officer, Michel Vounatsos; Dr. Michael Ehlers, EVP of Research and Development; and our new CFO, Jeff Capello. Before I conclude, I would also like to note that starting with the Q1 2018 earnings call we will post press releases related to future earnings calls materials and investor events on the Investors section of Biogens website, www.biogen.com and issue statement on Twitter when they become available. We will do this instead of publishing press releases related to future earnings calls, earnings releases and Investor events via Newswire services. Our Twitter handle is @biogen. Now, I will turn the call over to Michel.
Michel Vounatsos: Good morning, everyone and thank you for joining us. First, let me start with some financial highlights. Biogen closed 2017, with an all-time high in quarterly revenues of $3.3 billion. For the full year 2017, Biogen generated another all-time high of $12.3 billion in revenues. On an apples-to-apples basis, excluding hemophilia, full year revenues grew 15% versus 2016. Full year revenues grew 7% when we include hemophilia for 2016 and January 2017. Starting in 2018, we believe that overall the new U.S. tax reform will have a positive impact to our profitability and our ability to invest for the future. But in Q4, we took a one-time charge of $1.2 billion in line with what you are probably seeing from other public companies. Jeff will provide additional detail shortly. Therefore, full year GAAP earnings decreased 30% versus 2016 to $11.92 a share. Full year non-GAAP earnings were $21.81, an 8% increase versus full year 2016, while being impacted by over $500 million of expenses due to several business development transactions including our deals BMS, Alkermes and Ionis as well as our charge related to the ZINBRYTA impairment. Now, let me review the year. 2017 was clearly a very productive and successful year for Biogen. We launched a new focused and well articulated strategy with the longer term goal of becoming the leader in neuroscience and the fastest growing large cap biotech. We defined priority designed to drive future growth first fortifying our core MS business; second, executing on the launch of SPINRAZA and third, creating a lean and simple operating model. The goal of these priorities is to drive significant cash flow generation and invest those to create new sources of value beyond MS and SMA. We are pleased with the work the team has done to execute on our strategy which has led to significant progress for Biogen. Let me now reflect on some of our key results across each of these priorities. For our first strategic priority maximizing the resilience of our MS core business, we grew global MS revenues including royalties from OCREVUS to $9.1 billion, an increase of 4% versus 2016. Our MS products now treat over 340,000 patients globally, a 3% increase over 2016. In the U.S., our MS revenues were stable versus 2016 and including OCREVUS royalties, MS revenues in the U.S. increased 2%. We strengthened our IP position for TECFIDERA, our leading oral therapy through a settlement and licensing agreement with Forward Pharma. We received favorable rulings for both our IPR proceeding and interference case. We achieved expanded access for 2018 in the U.S. for our MS portfolio. We executed 5 value-based contracts in the U.S., which we hope will give us opportunity to learn and develop new contracting models to better serve patients. We licensed BIIB098 from Alkermes, a Phase 3 monomethyl fumarate with a potentially differentiated profile to TECFIDERA we expect filing will occur later his year. For our second strategic priority, spinal muscular atrophy, we delivered one of the most exciting biotech launch of the year with SPINRAZA global revenues of $884 million exceeding many expectations. As of the end of 2017, there were approximately 3,200 patients on therapy across the post-marketing setting, the EAP and clinical trials. We also launched a new collaboration with our partner Ionis to identify new ASO drug candidates for SMA with the goal to enhance strategic alternatives. And we are exploring a number of avenues, including device partnerships to improving surgical delivery with the recent example being our research collaboration agreement with Alcyone to leverage the device platform. For our third strategic priority creating a leaner and simpler operating model, we identified opportunities to streamline our operation to help fund further investment in high-value R&D and new commercial activities. We benchmarked against multiple businesses to challenge ourselves to be as effective and efficient as possible as we aim to create an innovative operating model designed for the future. We believe this will enable us to redirect up to $400 million by the end of 2020 to be reinvested and prioritize value creating opportunities across our R&D and commercial organizations. For our fourth strategic priority developing and expanding our neuroscience portfolio Biogen added seven new clinical stage programs in 2017 across our core and emerging growth areas through the advancement of our own internal candidates as well as external business development. And finally, our fifth strategic priority reprioritizing our capital allocation towards long-term growth, while also continuing to opportunistically buyback shares. We have emphasized investing in future growth while delivering near-term results and turned 2017 into one of our most productive year for business development. We also repurchased 4.9 million shares for approximately $1.4 billion at an average price of $278 a share. And importantly in terms of strategic alliances we renegotiated our agreements with Eisai and Neurimmune with the aim to improve long-term economics of aducanumab. In addition to the strong progress in 2017, I am also excited by new additions to our executive team. Jeff Capello has joined as Executive VP and Chief Financial Officer, Chirfi Guindo has joined as Executive VP and Head of Global Marketing, Market Access and Customer Innovation. I believe that we now have great leaders in all key position and Biogen is exhibiting well. We have a strong base business with significant cash flow generation and exciting new growth driver in SPINRAZA and accelerating momentum in R&D and business development to solidify the foundation for future growth. I look forward to carrying the strong performance through 2018 and beyond with our new executive team. I will now turn the call over to Mike for a more detailed update on our recent progress in R&D.
Michael Ehlers: Thank you, Michel and good morning everyone. 2017 was the transformative year for Biogen R&D. We provided clarity on Biogen strategic priorities with the aim of becoming the leader in neuroscience. We believe this is an area right with opportunities, we are breaking science is opening up new avenues for drug development. We believe that Biogen has a competitive advantage in this space based on our strong track record and intense focus within our core growth areas and emerging growth areas within neuroscience. Our goal is to leverage our competitive advantage, target our investments and advance the world-class neuroscience R&D engine. To that end, we made significant progress in 2017 towards this vision. We made noteworthy advancements transitioning pipeline candidates from research to development with five transitions in 2017, nearly double Biogens historical productivity. In 2018, we aim to continue this level of productivity or even accelerate the number of candidates that transition to the clinic. As Michelle highlighted, we added seven new clinical stage assets in 2017, through both advancing internal candidates, and through external business development. And as you may have seen earlier today, we announced our first deal of the year, in this agreement we acquired the rights to Karyopharms first-in-class Phase 1 ready investigational oral compound KPT-350 for certain neurological and neurodegenerative conditions, primarily focused on amyotrophic lateral sclerosis or ALS. KPT-350 is a novel candidate that works by inhibiting XPO1, with the goal of reducing inflammation and neurotoxicity along with the increasing neuro protective responses. We plan on moving this asset into a Phase 1 study by the end of the year. As we develop and expand the Biogen pipeline, our aim is to increase overall productivity at every stage, de-risk the pipeline and continue to implement a robust external pipeline strategy that may include continued asset acquisitions, development partnerships for resource flexibility and risk sharing and early innovation partnerships. Earlier this month, we entered a precompetitive consortium with several of our peers to sequence the exempts of 500,000 participants in the UK Biobank, with the goal of assisting drug discovery and development by linking protein coding variance to human phenotypes. We believe this is a great example of our scientific leadership in the field. Before I hand it off to Jeff, I would like to spend some time highlighting several achievements from the fourth quarter starting with MS and neuroimmunology. As part of our long-standing commitment to the MS community, Biogen remains dedicated to advancing the treatment of MS and building upon our leadership position in the space. As Michelle mentioned, we licensed BIIB098, the MMF compound from Alkermes in the fourth quarter and we anticipate a filing by the end of the year. We are actively working to optimize the value and clinical potential of this asset. In December, we also does the first patient in affinity a Phase 2b study designed to evaluate the potential for opicinumab, the first in class human monoclonal antibody directed against LINGO-1 on improving pre-existing disability and relapsing MS patients through remyelination. We also had exciting new developments within Alzheimers disease and dementia. We presented new interim data from the long-term extension of the ongoing Phase 1b study of aducanumab called PRIME at the clinical trials in Alzheimer disease meeting in November. We believe the totality of the data from the Phase 1b study is compelling and supports the design of the Phase 3 studies. Phase 3 enrollment for aducanumab is going well and we anticipate the studies will be fully enrolled in mid-2018. Last month, we learned BAN2401 and anti-beta amyloid protofibril antibody being developed in collaboration with Eisai did not meet the criteria for success in its Phase 2 study at 12 months. The study remains blinded and the final analysis will be conducted when patients have completed 18 months which is expected in the second half of the year. In the final analysis, we are particularly interested in the Alzheimers disease composite score, or ADCOMS and its components such as the CDR-Sum of Boxes and MSC and ADAS-cog as well as brain amyloid levels as measured by amyloid pet and its overall safety profile. Beyond aducanumab and BAN2401, we are advancing four other clinical assets in Alzheimers disease, including a base inhibitor; two, anti-tile antibodies and an antisense oligonucleotide in collaboration with Ionis. We believe we have the industrys leading Alzheimers portfolio. Turning to neuromuscular disorders, we made significant progress towards our strategic objective of accelerating our leadership in spinal muscular atrophy. Along with our partner, Ionis, we were awarded the prestigious 2017 Prix Galien USA award for Best Biotechnology Product for SPINRAZA. This award recognizes extraordinary achievement in scientific innovation that improves the state of human health and we are honored to have received this distinction. In November, the end of study results from ENDEAR, the Phase 3 study of SPINRAZA were published in the New England Journal of Medicine. The ENDEAR study highlights the therapeutic potential of this breakthrough treatment as most infants receiving SPINRAZA showed meaningful benefit regardless of their age or stage of the disease. As part of our commitment to the SMA community, Biogen remains dedicated to advancing potential additional treatment options for SMA. Last month, we entered into a new collaboration agreement with Ionis Pharmaceuticals to identify additional antisense oligonucleotide drug candidates for the treatment of SMA. In this agreement, we are exploring novel chemistries for advancing intrathecal ASO-based therapies that have the potential to reduce the dosing burden or increase the therapeutic effect. We also recently signed a research collaboration agreement with Alcyone that leverages their novel device platform with the hope of improving the intrathecal delivery of therapies for severe neurological conditions with the first year of interest being for SMA and particularly patients with spinal complications. We continue to believe that there is opportunity in gene therapy and are advancing our gene therapy asset for SMA toward the clinic with the aim of dosing the first patient by the middle of this year. Moving on to our progress and movement disorders, BIIB054, our anti alpha-synuclein antibody for Parkinsons disease has recently started the Phase 2 study called SPARC and we dosed the first patient earlier this month. In Phase 1, the drug was well-tolerated at doses that are being used in the Phase 2 study and its safety profile and pharmacokinetic behavior, including CSF concentrations in both healthy control and Parkinsons disease patients was acceptable and consistent with other monoclonal antibodies. Within acute neurology, we are currently conducting a Phase IIb trial with natalizumab in acute ischemic stroke with the aim of improving functional outcomes by limiting brain inflammation and therefore increasing neuronal survival in the post stroke period. With approximately 1.7 million ischemic strokes each year across the U.S., Europe and Japan, we believe there is significant opportunity if the trial is successful. The study is fully enrolled and we anticipate sharing top line results in the coming weeks. As a reminder, natalizumab is targeting acute ischemic stroke patients with mild-to-moderate severity with the therapeutic time window of up to 24 hours after stroke onset. This program complements BIIB093, our first-in-class IV glibenclamide therapeutic targeting brain edema in large hemispheric infarcts, with a planned Phase 3 start in the middle of this year. So, a very productive quarter and year as we build and advance our pipeline from human genetics to new novel clinical endpoints and clinical assessment tools to differentiated clinical development to potentially transformative modalities and delivery technologies, we continue to invest in and advance our asymmetric capabilities and neuroscience where our aim is to be the definitive leader. I will now pass the call to Jeff.
Jeff Capello: Thanks Mike. Good morning, everyone. Let me now provide a little more detail on our financial performance for the fourth quarter of 2017 and share with you our guidance for 2018. Lets start with revenues. As Michel mentioned earlier, we had a strong Q4 2017 from a revenue perspective. Total revenues for Q4 grew 15% year-over-year to approximately $3.3 billion and grew 7% for the full year to $12.3 billion. Excluding the impact of the spinoff of our hemophilia business, total revenue grew 26% for the fourth quarter and 15% for the full year versus the prior year periods. Let me now provide more detail for our MS franchise revenues. Global fourth quarter TECFIDERA revenues were $1.1 billion, a 7% increase versus the prior year. This included revenues of $832 million in the U.S., an increase of 4% versus Q4 16 and $244 million outside the U.S., an increase of 22% versus the fourth quarter of 2016. Despite the benefit of a roughly $20 million increase of inventory in the channel in the U.S. versus the third quarter of 2017. We are pleased with our net low single-digit growth versus Q4 16 as we absorb the impact of OCREVUS. In addition, we are very encouraged by the growth outside the U.S. driven by patient growth across almost every large market in Europe and strong emerging market growth. For the full year, worldwide TECFIDERA revenues were $4.2 billion, an increase of 6% versus prior year. This includes $3.3 billion in the U.S. and $920 million in sales outside the U.S. Interferon revenues including both AVONEX and PLEGRIDY were $645 million for the fourth quarter, a decrease of 6% versus Q4 16 due to continued shift from the injectable platforms to oral or high efficacy therapies. This included $449 million in the U.S. and $196 million in sales outside the U.S. Within the U.S., AVONEX and PLEGRIDY benefited from the inventory build of approximately $15 million, while outside the U.S., Avonex benefited from a $9 million shipment to Brazil, neither of which are expected to recur in the first quarter of 2018. For the full year, worldwide interferon revenues were $2.6 billion, consisting of $1.9 billion in the U.S. and $757 million in sales outside the U.S. TYSABRI worldwide revenues were $463 million this quarter, a decrease of 2% versus the fourth quarter of 2016. This included $252 million in the U.S. and $211 million outside the U.S. In the U.S., revenues declined 13% versus the prior year. We saw an impact on TYSABRI shortly following the launch of OCREVUS both in terms of new patient starts and patient discontinuations. However, we believe both of these trends have now stabilized at new run-rate. Within the U.S., TYSABRI benefited from an inventory build of approximately $5 million. Outside the U.S., we had very strong TYSABRI growth of 14% versus prior year driven by both the large order of $6 million in Russia as well as solid growth in all major European countries driven by patient growth following the label update in 2017. For the full year, worldwide TYSABRI revenues were approximately $2 billion stable versus the prior year. We recorded U.S. revenues of $1.1 billion and $859 million internationally. As expected, across our MS business, we saw an increase in discounts and allowances in the fourth quarter partly due to seasonality. Throughout 2018, we expect another couple of 100 basis points of pressure on discounts and allowances with the typical seasonality in the first and fourth quarters. Despite this dynamic, we expect roughly flat performance for our total MS revenues for 2018 when you include the impact of the OCREVUS royalty. This corresponds to a low single-digit contraction in our MS revenues, excluding the OCREVUS royalties. Additionally, we expect the potential inventory drawdown in Q1 2018 coming off the build of approximately $40 million in the fourth quarter of 2017. Let me now move to SPINRAZA. Global fourth quarter SPINRAZA revenues were $363 million. This included revenues of $218 million in the U.S., an increase of 10% versus the third quarter and $144 million outside the U.S. almost doubling quarter-over-quarter. For the full year 2017, worldwide SPINRAZA revenues were $884 million making it one of the most successful rare disease launches in history. This included $657 million in the U.S. and $227 million in sales outside the U.S. In the U.S., we now see over 275 sites that have submitted start forms, of which 215 have dosed at least one patient. We saw 33% increase in the number of patients on therapy in the U.S. as compared to the end of the third quarter. Similar to last quarter, revenues grew at a lower rate than patients due to loading dose dynamics with roughly half of revenues coming from new patients started dosing in the fourth quarter. In the U.S., we believe that new patient starts in the fourth quarter were weighted towards the beginning of the quarter as we saw an impact on demand during the holiday weeks. As a result, we expect a relatively lower contribution in Q1 2018 from these patients as they will have worked through many of their loading doses in the fourth quarter 2017. As expected, we are seeing an increasing contribution from maintenance doses as patients who started earlier in the year transitioned to dosing once every 4 months on a chronic basis. In the U.S., approximately 25% of SPINRAZA revenues in the fourth quarter were attributed to maintenance doses as compared to 10% in the third quarter. This correlates with the continued decline in the average doses per patient from 1.8 to 1.5 from the third quarter to the fourth quarter this year. We expect this dynamic to normalize over time with approximately 50% revenue being driven by maintenance doses by the end of 2018. In the fourth quarter and for the year, approximately 20% of U.S. SPINRAZA units were dispensed to our free drug program highlighting our goal that no patient will forego treatment because of financial limitation or an insurance denial in the U.S. We believe U.S. inventory levels for SPINRAZA were relatively flat in the fourth quarter versus the third quarter. And in the U.S. we signed increased discounts allowance for SPINRAZA of a couple of 100 basis points to approximately 16%. We expect this rate to similarly increase over 2018 as we are seeing increasing utilization by Medicaid patients and purchasing from 340B hospitals. In the U.S. over 20% of SPINRAZA patients currently on therapy are over the age of 17 and increased from last quarter. A key strategic priority for us is to activate older patients through expanded patient and physician engagement. Outside the U.S. we more than doubled the number of commercial patients on therapy versus the prior quarter to 990 with approximately 35% of these patients transition from expanded access program or EAP. As a result, approximately 280 patients are still active in EAP as of the end of the fourth quarter. Its important to note that those patients transitioned from this program may have already completed most of their loading doses. The largest contributors to the ex-U.S. SPINRAZA revenues in Q4 were Germany, Turkey and Japan, which accounted for over two-thirds of the ex-U.S. revenues. We continue to be very encouraged by the up-tick of SPINRAZA outside of the U.S. in terms of country approvals, speed of adoption and penetration levels. In 2018, we expect growth from SPINRAZA in the U.S., but expect a larger portion of the revenue growth to come from outside the U.S. Let me now move on to our biosimilars business, which generate $122 million in revenue this quarter more than doubling year-over-year. Full year biosimilar revenues were $380 million, growing nearly fourfold versus 2016. We anticipate that increased biosimilar competition will result in further price erosion, but we still expect double-digit increases in revenue in 2018. Turning to our anti-CD20 revenues, we recorded $415 million for the fourth quarter, an increase of 31% versus prior year primarily driven by the OCREVUS royalties. Full year anti-CD20 revenues were $1.6 billion, a 19% increase versus 2016. Within anti-CD20 revenues our estimate OCREVUS royalties were $77 million for the fourth quarter and $159 million for the full year. Although we do expect OCREVUS royalty continue to grow, we anticipate total anti-CD20 revenue growth to slow in 2018 versus what we saw in 2017 driven by the anniversarying on the OCREVUS launch in the second quarter of 2018 and the full year impact of a lower profit share percentage for RITUXAN. Total other revenues were $180 million for the fourth quarter, an increase of $129 million versus $51 million recognized in the fourth quarter of 2016, driven by greater contract manufacturing. Other revenues were $360 million for the full year, a 14% increase versus 2016. In 2018, we continue  we expect continued growth in contract manufacturing similar to the growth in full year 2017 but the exact amounts maybe lumpy over the quarters. Let me now turn to gross margin performance. Q4 gross margin was 85% which was negatively impacted by the disproportionate increase in contract manufacturing of biosimilars as well as a write-off of approximately $20 million of ZINBRYTA assets including inventory. Full year gross margin was 87%, slightly lower than in 2016. Q4 R&D expense was 18% of revenue or $588 million. This included $78 million of expense related to Alkermes and $25 million with Ionis due to recently announced business development transactions. Full year GAAP and non-GAAP R&D expense were both 18% of revenue or $2.3 billion. Q4 GAAP SG&A was 17% of revenue or $572 million. Q4 non-GAAP SG&A was also 17% of revenue at $554 million. Full year GAAP SG&A was 16% of sales or $1.9 billion and non-GAAP SG&A was 15% of revenue at $1.9 billion. Both GAAP and non-GAAP SG&A increase versus the prior quarter due to the timing of spend as well as certain investments across sales and marketing, worldwide medical and G&A. We do expect slight relief in core OpEx in the first quarter 2018 with the gradual decline as we move throughout the year. Other net expense, which includes interest, was $66 million in the fourth quarter which was impacted by a $17 million charge to markdown marketable securities as we prepare to move our offshore cash back to the U.S. Other net expense was $250 million for the full year. Our expectations for other net expense in 2018 are lower due to less debt outstanding and higher interest rates on cash balances. In the fourth quarter our GAAP tax rate was approximately 112% as we booked a GAAP charge of $1.2 billion related to the recently enacted U.S. corporate tax reform legislation. In Q4 our non-GAAP tax rate was approximately 29%. Our GAAP and non-GAAP tax rates were impacted by $42 million and $50 million respectively related to the one-time ZINBRYTA charge. For the full year, our GAAP tax rate was approximately 48% and our non-GAAP Tax rate was roughly 25%. In 2018 we expect the underlying run rate for our tax rates to be  benefit by approximately 200 basis points as a result of U.S. tax reform with further benefit in 2019 and beyond. Our weighted average diluted share count was approximate 212 million for the quarter and 230 million for the full year which now brings us the diluted earnings per share. In the fourth quarter we booked the GAAP loss of $1.40 per share and non-GAAP earnings of $5.26 per share. For the full year, GAAP EPS was $11.92 and non-GAAP EPS with $21.81. GAAP EPS declined for Q4 2017 on the year-over-year basis driven by the $5.51 impact of tax reform, the $0.52 impact from our revised Neurimmune agreement, $0.34 impact for the Alkermes and Ionis deals and the $0.43 impact of the ZINBRYTA charge. Full year GAAP EPS decline versus 2016 due to the same factors as well as $1.08 impact from our deal with BMS and $0.48 impact from our deal with Alnylam Pharmaceuticals. Non-GAAP EPS grew 4% for Q4 17 despite the $0.34 impact from the Alkermes and Ionis deals and the 32% impact of ZINBRYTA charge. Non-GAAP EPS grew 8% for the full year 2017 versus prior year, despite the same factors as well as the $1.08 impact from our BMS. We ended the quarter with approximately $6.7 billion of cash and marketable securities. Let me now turn to our full year guidance for 2018. We expect revenues of approximately $12.7 billion to $13 billion which would represent year-over-year growth of 3.5% to 6%. We expect cost of goods sold as a percentage of sales to be consistent with our full-year 2017 cost of goods sold. We anticipate R&D expense between 16% and 17% of sales. Of note guidance does not include any impact from potential acquisitions or large business development transactions as both are hard to predict. We expect SG&A expense to be approximately 15% to 16% of revenues. From a tax perspective, our guidance takes into account the impact of U.S. tax reform and we anticipate our GAAP tax rate for 2018 to be between 23.5% to 24.5% and our non-GAAP tax rate to be between 22.5% and 23.5%. We anticipate full year 2018 GAAP EPS results of $22.20 to $23.20 representing growth of 83% to 91% and non-GAAP EPS to be between $24.20 and $25.20 representing growth of 11% to 16%. From a quarterly perspective we expect non-GAAP EPS growth on year-over-year basis to be stronger in Q2 18 and Q4 18 due to the impact of business development events in 2017 and the factors described above. We believe the midpoint of the guidance ranges we have provided represents a reasonable base case. I will now turn the call over to Michel for his closing comments.
Michel Vounatsos: Thanks Jeff. We are excited to have you on the team and I am glad to see that you are quickly coming up to speed on the business. I would like to conclude with these thoughts. When I spoke from the SIT a year ago, I told you we are refocusing the organization, building our new management team and developing a strategy and priorities for both short-term and long-term shareholder value creation. I stated that our actions would speak for themselves. 2017 was a very strong and successful year for Biogen and we delivered on the commitments we have made. For 2018 our goal is to continue this momentum and achieve our guidance. We have a well defined strategy to deliver near-term results and to maximize long-term value. We have an energized world-class executive team and key opportunities in front of us based on the significant unmet medical needs and breakthroughs we are seeing in neuroscience. We believe the risk level neuroscience is fundamentally challenging at this time and we believe Biogen is uniquely positioned to leading the space based on our core capabilities and intense focus. Looking forward to leading the next 12 months to 18 months where we have several meaningful readouts across our neuroscience pipeline including natalizumab stroke BIIB098 in MS, BIIB054 in Parkinsons disease, BIIB074 for painful lumbosacral radiculopath, BAN2401 in Alzheimer's disease, BIIB067 for ALS and our gene therapy program for XLRS. Before we go into Q&A, I would like to thank our employees around the world who are dedicated to making the positive impacts on patients lives and all of the physicians can give us and participants in our clinical development programs. In 2018, Biogen celebrates its 40th anniversary. Our past and future achievements could not be realized without the passion and commitment. With that, we will open the call for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from Michael Yee of Jefferies. Your line is open.
Michael Yee: Hey, thanks. Good morning. Congrats on a great quarter. Appreciate the question. Maybe a question for Michel, obviously, you have seen a ton of M&A going on in the space over the last 6 to 12 months and its turning up maybe you could just remind us about how you think about your strategic M&A plans and how you think about whether neurology, aware of neurology you could go and whether there are other larger market opportunities outside of neurology that you can look at? How you think about the landscape now? Thanks.
MichelVounatsos: So, I will initiate the answer and then my colleagues will add. Long-term value generation is the strategic focus and we have communicated that. And for that, we said we shipped some of the capital allocation to enrich the pipeline. And I am pleased with what we have done in 2017 and what we have continuing to do in 18. I dont see a frenzy of increase of because of more cash. I see strategic intent, science, scientific rationale first, patents and ordered and financial rigor in order to rationalize any move from the company. We are contemplating early assets, which remains the sweet spot, the sweet spot where we can add tremendous value because of the capability that we have and the focus. We are contemplating larger assets as you can imagine, but I will stop here and I will let Jeff comment, its important as the new CFO and Mike from the therapy point of view.
Jeff Capello: Thanks, Michel. Its a good question. What I say would be I think we laid out for the investor community at the JPMorgan Conference an illustrative view of how much capacity we have from a capital perspective and that concluded both cash on hand at the end of the second, third quarter rather leverage taking the leverage of the company up to 2x less the leverage we have today plus cash flow for the next 5 years. And if you put all those factors together, I am assuming a flat business, which we obviously dont expect. We get a $37 billion number, which gives us a lot of capacity to add to the business. And I think our focus is on that  is on growing the business continuing to be active in early stage, but also hopefully being active in mid to late stage assets to bring in things that are closer to revenue. Having said that, we also expect to be able to return cash to shareholders in the form of share repurchase, I think we have ample flexibility for that, but we will be disciplined and we will look for those opportunities that fit strategically, scientifically, that fit with the operations and fit in our core areas. So, we expect this to be active, but disciplined.
Michael Ehlers: The only thing I would add to that, Michael, is just reemphasize that really our approach is a blended one considering pipeline additions and larger opportunities as Jeff said where the strategy and science makes sense and where we really feel that Biogen can track the maximum value.
Operator: Our next question comes from Umer Raffat of Evercore. Your line is open.
Umer Raffat: Hi, thanks so much for taking my question. I wanted to focus on a couple of R&D topics if I may. First on TYSABRI stroke, I am curious your expectations for the 600 mg dose arm on the primary endpoint as well as how you think about the more  the longer time from stroke onset to have the role on the primary endpoint? And then separately, when I look at your slide on readouts for this year, one thing I noticed is your partner Alkermes had mentioned they will have data from the head-to-head study versus TECFIDERA at least for the 100 patients in early 2018 is what they had guided to for the readout over the course of last year. And I was curious if you have that data in-house anything you are seeing from that? Thank you.
Michael Ehlers: Yes, Umer, thanks. Let me take a couple of these here. So, what I would say is starting with the TYSABRI stroke setting, one reason why we are very interested in this study is the fact that we are assessing potential clinical benefit up to 24 hours after the stroke instant. This would obviously be a substantial change to standard of care [indiscernible] out there is for TPA and a thrombolytic really only approved in 4 hours to 5 hours after the stroke. So this would be significant. And we think that it makes sense in terms of the known pathophysiology of acute ischemic stroke where in the period after the infarct you have got this period of intense brain inflammation thats associated with poor clinical outcomes. And we are testing two different doses or perhaps you were getting at which is to see whether or not there is any dose dependent difference in clinical benefit. First, we will have to wait for the data and as always these are Phase 2 clinical studies and we will have to see what it shows, but where to be positive we think that this would represent a significant advance. On the question on the Alkermes BIIB098 MMF, this is something that which we are still evaluating and what we said is that we do anticipate an ability to file this year. We have not made the determination exactly when data will be presented out of that, but thats something that we are working through with Alkermes.
Operator: Your next question comes from Geoff Meacham of Barclays. Your line is open.
Geoff Meacham: Good morning guys and thanks for the question. Just have a few quick ones, for Jeff is there a tipping point in the biosimilars business that would make the option for the JV more attractive and I am assuming that the status quo is assumed in 2018 guidance. And then for Michel just to ask the bus dev question another way, if you had to choose the priority would it be to diversify pipeline risk say over the longer term or more to augment P&L growth say in the next few years? Thank you.
Jeff Capello: Okay. Let me start with the biosimilars question. So we were pleased with the performance in the fourth quarter. And as we looked out through next year and there on I think that business is well-positioned. As you pointed we do have an option to buy in more to that business and I think that would be our intent. And then we continue to look at it strategically in terms of what would fit with our core operations going forward.
Michel Vounatsos: And concerning your second part of the question we are not on the burning platform, we are doing reasonably well in terms of top line momentum as you can see. Obviously, there is a binary event that we all know and should we find a late stage that is aligned and meets the criteria that were alluded by the team here will be very interested. So, science will be the key driver, the ability to create value that nobody else will be able and alignment to the strategies that we brought in.
Operator: Your next question comes from Geoffrey Porges of Leerink. Your line is open.
Geoffrey Porges: Thank you very much. And Jeff maybe just a few kind of questions just on the P&L, because your margins certainly bounced around compared to prior periods, first you alluded to the gross margin effect of the high contract manufacturing, should we be modeling that the gross margin is going to so trend in the direction of the Q4 performance going forward, because of the contribution of that in the biosimilars mix to your overall revenue. And then secondly you talked about the SG&A spike in Q4 and that was significantly higher than we had anticipated, could you give us a little bit of color to the contributing factors to that spike and how that might continue going forward as we update our models? Thanks.
Jeff Capello: Sure. Well, good questions. So first question, gross margins went down Q3 to Q4 from like 88% down to 85%. Two factors drove that, the first was our significant growth in corporate partner revenue, it increased significantly from the third and fourth quarter and that has much lower gross margin. I would say that contributed about two-thirds of the impact of the gross margin erosion sequentially. The other third was the roughly $20 million inventory charge we took at ZINBRYTA. And as we look forward to next year, gross margin quarter-by-quarter although its difficult to predict excess and obsolescence charges, we obviously dont expect that charge to recur per se. And we also expect to have less corporate partner revenue for the quarters for next year and the margin to be slightly better. So both of those things will abate and we expect our margins to kind of get back to the 87% range. So we are pretty comfortable with that by quarter for gross margins. On the question of SG&A, you are correct that the SG&A rate did increase quite a bit sequentially from the third to the fourth quarter. There is really four factors that drove that. One was just basic expenses that ended up moving in from the first quarter of 18 to the fourth quarter which were known. The second impact were investments with regard to our SMA business. We are very happy and pleased with the growth, but we are investing in it. The third factor was year end bonus true-ups and other benefit true-ups which were typical the fourth quarter. And then the fourth component were fees and services for projects. So what we think happens here is the rate comes back down as we look at kind of going forward it will kind of  it will get back into kind of the our guidance range. So we think the fourth quarter is a little bit of an aberration and it will settle back down.
Operator: Your next question comes from Eric Schmidt of Cowen & Company. Your line is open.
Eric Schmidt: Thanks for all the added transparency on SPINRAZA and some of the other numbers. Maybe for Jeff on SPINRAZA you spoke to faster ex-U.S. growth in 2018, is that going to be a function of existing geographies, putting more patients on the drug or will be driven by more newer territories coming online and when you think about SPINRAZA kind of big picture, could this be a franchise similar to other orphan franchises where maybe as much as two-thirds of the total peak revenue is outside the U.S.? Thanks.
Michel Vounatsos: So, I will get started Eric, and then Jeff would come. So we are very pleased with the momentum that we see here, ex-U.S. also in the U.S. where we foresee continuous growth. But you know the most urgent to treat patients, the 70% achievements from the age 0 to 2, somehow is done and now we move into the year the biggest strata. Ex-U.S. a significant opportunity and as Jeff said 70% approximately of the results to-date are generated by three markets. So, we still have a long way to go in terms of reimbursement that we are currently negotiating and also NPP that emerges from geographies that were non-anticipated, so still a long way to go ex-U.S.
Jeff Capello: Yes. I would just add that we are really pleased with the performance. I think European team has done a really good job and they are poised to kind of do even better in 2018, as we look at the countries, we have got  countries kind of lined up and we expect increased growth from the existing countries as well new countries coming on. So I think that the business is really well-positioned for 2018 in Europe as well as the U.S.
Michel Vounatsos: So just to add to that, we are proved in 34 markets, reimbursed in 14 and we still have to 280 patients on early access program.
Matt Calistri: We are ready for the next question. I want to remind please keep it to one question. I know there is a lot of people in the queue, so please keep it to one question. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Matthew Harrison of Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
Matthew Harrison: Great, good morning. Thanks for taking the question. I just want to ask on your SMA gene therapy product, what are the steps that you have to take to get that started by the middle of the year and can you talk about potential differentiation versus the existing SMA gene therapy product thats in the clack? Thanks.
Michael Ehlers: Yes. Thanks. Thanks Matthew. So I mean steps to be taken I think these are lot of the known in standard steps, essentially about trial design, material preparation, site activation, etcetera. So there is  there are no kind of surprises in the steps to get to the clinic here, but things that we consider are also lot of known things. As we are designing this, which are the patient subset, way to delivery, we think a lot about manufacturing. We think a lot about the safety features for these agents, still early days across the space in gene therapy, so we think a lot about that. And all of those can be elements of differentiation. Another thing that we are spending a lot of time contemplating is how we would want to be able to demonstrate clinical benefit and the potential space for a gene therapy where we think there is a lot of opportunity together with SPINRAZA.
Operator: Your next question comes from Alethia Young of Credit Suisse. Your line is open.
Alethia Young: Hey, guys. Thanks for taking my questions. I guess, just one unrelated to like ALS in the Karyopharm and putting it together of what you are doing with Ionis if you can just talk about kind of the strategic vision there with the ALS opportunity? Thanks.
Michael Ehlers: Yes, Alethia, thanks for the question. So, the Karyopharm compound is pretty interesting one. This is very early, its a preclinical, but we will get it to the clinic this year. Its inhibitor of XPO1. This is a key component of nuclear export and they had done a lot of collaborative work, very nice scientific work showing that this could reduce the hallmark pathology of sporadic ALS, which is the cytoplasmic accumulation of these toxic RNA binding proteins like TDP-43 and FUS, which undergo unclear export that can be blocked at this way. So, the hypothesis is that this could be an oral drug potentially for sporadic ALS. This really complements our ASO programs with Ionis that are really targeting initially genetic forms of ALS like the SOD1 mutant ALS, which is a subset. So, we have got very complementary modalities, completely orthogonal mechanisms and potentially distinct clinical populations.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ying Huang from Bank of America/Merrill Lynch. Your line is open.
Ying Huang: Hey, good morning. Thanks for the question. Just want to ask one of SPINRAZA U.S. new patient adds, it seems that in 4Q added 420 patients, its a step down from 3Q. I was wondering is it because of our seasonality you expected to go back to lets say 500 per quarter level or whats the outlook for 2018 new patients out in the U.S.? Thank you.
Michel Vounatsos: So, I will get started and Jeff will come in. So, first Q4, there were lot of holidays. Okay, so we need to take that into account and it is expected that the suitable proportion of the later onset has complicated spine and therefore it takes more time to dose those patients. So, this is a trend that we need to get used to even if we work at helping the provider community to dose better with devices etcetera. So, we are come to start out the patients where there is a bit less urgency to treat and some of them have more complicated spine. Jeff will add.
Jeff Capello: Yes. And the only thing I would add to that, I would agree with that would be just getting the infrastructure up and running the number of sites people trained to kind of handle the increased volume that will take time. So, I think its a combination of both getting the more difficult to treat patients and getting the infrastructure ramped up.
Michel Vounatsos: The epidemiology is still there. We have 9,000 patients and we still have a long way to go. We increased the team. So, we are getting in there step by step and there is a long queue of patients that are waiting.
Operator: Your next question comes from Chris Raymond of Piper Jaffray. Your line is open.
Chris Raymond: Thanks. I am just on the SPINRAZA discounting and allowances I think that you called out, just doing some quick math on the patients and the dose per patient  doses per patient that you guys callout in your numbers. I dont really see a step down in the  essentially in the revenue per dose quarter-on-quarter. Can you maybe sort of square that a little bit and talk about whats really going on with respect to discounting allowances? Thanks.
Michael Ehlers: Yes, I am not sure we are going to be able to do the math real-time for you, its fairly complicated, but what we did experience just to reiterate is that we did have a little bit of an uptick in the fourth quarter and discounts and allowances by about a couple of 100 basis points as we sell into more 340B hospitals and the Medicaid mix kind of increases. So that is happening and we expect that to happen into next year, its kind of hard to do the math real-time on your numbers, but we can certainly take that offline.
Operator: Your next question comes from Robyn Karnauskas of Citigroup. Your line is open.
Robyn Karnauskas: Hi, guys. Thank you. I was wondering if you could talk a little about how the price increases for MS and FX contributed to your 2018 guidance and then what element is just growth? Thanks.
Michael Ehlers: Okay. So, from a price perspective, I think the people are aware, I will talk to the U.S. first that we took prices up about, little bit more than 8%, some products a little bit less than that in others. So, we expect to get kind of some price drop through. We do expect as we commented the gross to net or discounts in a while just to go up. So, we wont probably fall through as much as we had historically, but we will still get some kind of pricing increases. Volume will be a little bit pressured in the first half of the year as we complete the anniversarying of the OCREVUS launch after which in the second half volume will come back a little bit more. So, thats a little bit with regard to the U.S. dynamics. Outside the U.S., we expect to continue to see pretty good growth in unit volume across most of the major European countries. We will have kind of OCREVUS coming in across some of the countries slowly, so there will be a little bit of a headwind. We still expect to grow and then price will maybe be down a little bit across Europe. So, that kind of if you put all that together you get to kind of the low single-digit kind of contraction of the business. And then the factor we have of course is the interferon class is continuing to get again some headwind as a result of people moving away from that class a bit and we are doing our best to kind of stem that. Hopefully, thats helpful.
Operator: Your next question comes from Terence Flynn of Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Terence Flynn: Hi, thanks for taking my question. Maybe just a follow-up on your gene therapy, Mike, you talked about some of the differentiated features, but are you willing at this point to give us anymore details with respect to either the vector you guys are using or the route of delivery and how you are thinking about initial trial designs? Thanks.
Michael Ehlers: Yes, I know, thanks for the question. This is not something that which we are talking about yet. I just want to highlight that these are key elements of our considerations for designing study. And I think it will be a general feature for a lot of AAV base gene therapy efforts. Its still kind of early days to know this. And like I mentioned, the long-term safety profile and how that relates to route of administration transduction efficiency, patient subtype etcetera is what we are working through and those together with the development paths it might contemplate a position along with SPINRAZA we believe are all potential elements of differentiation.
Operator: Our next question comes from Cory Kasimov of JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Cory Kasimov: Hey, good morning guys. Thanks for taking my question. I guess for BIIB089 so formerly ALKS 8700, what type of clinical profile do you need to see relative to TECFIDERA to be confident this product is differentiated and if it ultimately is what are your early thoughts about the potential commercial strategy for that product? Thanks.
Michael Ehlers: Yes, I will start on the clinical side and then see if Michel or Jeff want to jump in on the commercial differentiation and by the way its BIIB098 not BIIB089.
Cory Kasimov: Oh, sorry about that.
Michael Ehlers: For those taking notes memorizing. So, look I think the profile here that we are looking at is to see whether or not this is different fumarate pro drug has a different profile in terms of GI tolerability. This is something which we will play out in trial designs in looking at adverse events and ultimately probably will play out in the real world setting. So we are looking at that as kind of a potential clinical differentiator and that will be based on the data that we see. Ultimately the head-to-head comparison may allow us to get a better feeling for that. It may also end up, but this will have to play out in the real world setting.
Michel Vounatsos: Yes. As Mike said so the priority is certainly on the better tolerability profile. We did suffer on the GI discontinuation on track even if we did improve a couple of points. There is still a long way go the oral market of the MS TMTs is going much faster than the other segments. So we will be able to expand the big franchise there. And with the longer patent life, this opens plenty of opportunities beyond the priority that we just spoke about.
Operator: Our final question comes from Carter Gould of UBS. Your line is open.
Carter Gould: Right. Good morning, guys and congrats on a successful 2017. From Michael, just following up on the earlier comments on TYSABRI and stroke, how do you think about the hurdle for potentially moving that into Phase 3 given clearly need, but balanced by the [indiscernible] we have seen with prior assets that had encouraging initial data? Thank you.
Michael Ehlers: Yes. I think its a valid point, Carter. I mean this is one of the reasons why we have spent a lot of time really thinking about this. I mean our belief is that just the world has changed in terms of the ability to really conduct and evaluate the stroke to trials and the kinds of quantitative endpoints that you can really apply. And there is a lot of reasons for that I think one macro reasons that people have learned how to conduct is better with the advent of endovascular thrombectomies, trials are actually working now. So there is a lot more refinements just in the execution of these trials and the other thing is that we are looking at this with eyes wide open and the totality of our action one and action two studies. And so based on the data we obtain from action one, we have revised our study design and our endpoint selection. And so we do think that out of this study the data that we will get, we will be able to know whether or not the clinical benefit that we saw across action one and action two whether its real or not. And it has to be real for us to take it into the Phase 3.
Operator: That was our final question today. I will return the call to our presenters.
Michel Vounatsos: So, thank you all for your attention and support to our great company. Thank you. Have a good day.
Operator: This concludes todays conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2017 Q3  (2017-10-24 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Matthew Calistri - Biogen, Inc. Michel Vounatsos - Biogen, Inc. Michael D. Ehlers, M.D., Ph.D. - Biogen, Inc. Alfred W. Sandrock, Jr., M.D., Ph.D. - Biogen, Inc. Paul McKenzie - Biogen, Inc.
Analysts: Umer Raffat - Evercore Group LLC Geoffrey Meacham - Barclays Capital, Inc. Eric Schmidt - Cowen and Co. LLC Ying Huang - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Cory W. Kasimov - JPMorgan Securities LLC Geoffrey C. Porges - Leerink Partners LLC Carter Gould - UBS Securities LLC Matthew K. Harrison - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Terence Flynn - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC Aharon Gal - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC Michael J. Yee - Jefferies LLC
Operator: Good morning. My name is Dan, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Biogen third quarter 2017 financial results and business update. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. Thank you. I would now like to turn the conference over to Mr. Matt Calistri, Vice President, Investor Relations. You may begin your conference.
Matthew Calistri - Biogen, Inc.: Thanks, Dan. Thank you and welcome to Biogen's third quarter 2017 earnings conference call. Before we begin, I encourage everyone to go to the Investors section of biogen.com to find the press release and related financial tables, including a reconciliation of the GAAP to non-GAAP financial measures that we'll discuss today. Our GAAP financials are provided in Tables 1 and 2. Table 3 includes a reconciliation of our GAAP to non-GAAP financial results. We believe non-GAAP financial results better represent the ongoing economics of our business and reflect how we manage the business internally. We have also posted slides on our website that follow the discussions related to this call. I would like to point out that we will be making forward-looking statements, which are based on our current expectations and beliefs. These statements are subject to certain risks and uncertainties, and our actual results may differ materially. I encourage you to consult the risk factors discussed in our SEC filings for additional detail. On today's call, I'm joined by our Chief Executive Officer, Michel Vounatsos, and Dr. Michael Ehlers, EVP of Research and Development. We will also be joined for the Q&A portion of the call by our Chief Medical Officer, Dr. Al Sandrock, and Dr. Paul McKenzie, EVP of Pharmaceutical Operations and Technology. Before I conclude, I would also like to note that, starting with the Q1 2018 earnings call, Biogen intends to cease publishing press releases related to future earnings calls, earnings releases, and investor events via newswire services. We will post these materials on the Investors section of Biogen's website, www.biogen.com, and issue a statement on Twitter when they become available. Our Twitter handle is @biogen. Now, I will turn the call over to Michel.
Michel Vounatsos - Biogen, Inc.: Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us. For the third quarter of 2017, Biogen generated revenues of $3.1 billion. On an apples-to-apples basis, excluding hemophilia, revenues grew 13% from the same period a year ago. Revenues grew 4% when we include hemophilia revenues in the prior period. We enjoyed record earnings this quarter, with GAAP net income of $1.2 billion and non-GAAP net income of $1.3 billion. Our GAAP EPS was $5.79 and non-GAAP EPS was $6.31, both at a record level. In July, we communicated our strategy to become the leader in neuroscience by developing transformational therapies to address what we believe are becoming the world's most significant unmet medical needs. In pursuit of becoming this leader, we are focusing our R&D efforts mostly on four core growth areas. We also highlighted five priorities. The execution of those is important to successfully implement our strategy. This strategy requires us first to fortify our core business while also ensuring that we create new sources of value. Today, we are sharing exciting developments with each priority in turn. Overall, we are making encouraging progress on our core, meaning maximizing the resilience of our MS business, accelerating performance in SMA [Spinal Muscular Atrophy], and creating a leaner and simpler operating model. All are important for generating significant cash flow. We are putting this cash flow to work in the form of the final two priorities, reprioritizing capital allocation efforts and developing and expanding our neuroscience portfolio. We believe we have the ability to be the leader in neuroscience, and we are committed to building out our pipeline through both our internal R&D efforts and prudent but high-impact business development and strategy collaborations. We believe this strategy will maximize long-term shareholder returns. With that context, I am very pleased to discuss our Q3 performance. First, in the third quarter, our MS core business held up to our expectations. We continued the strong launch momentum on SPINRAZA, as we have meaningfully grown the number of patients treated in the U.S. and globally. We made progress advancing our neuroscience pipeline. We improved our collaboration arrangements with Eisai and Neurimmune, and we made progress streamlining our operations as we evolve towards a leaner and simpler operating model. We are eager to build on this momentum as we close 2017 and progress into 2018 and beyond. Let me start with our first strategic priority, maximizing the resilience of our MS core business. Our MS business is expected to be the driver of near and midterm performance for Biogen and a significant source of cash generation. MS revenues, including $65 million of OCREVUS royalties, were $2.3 billion, close to the all-time high we had in Q2. We continued to add patients globally, with a 3% increase versus the prior year and a relatively stable patient count versus Q2. This core franchise helped drive $1.1 billion in free cash flow this quarter, which is key to fueling our investment for future growth. We have also improved our overall position on U.S. formularies for 2018. We are very pleased with this progress. We have seen a trend of five major national plans that have recently embraced an open access strategy. And just last month, Aetna placed TECFIDERA, AVONEX, and PLEGRIDY on their preferred list. I give a lot of credit to our team in the U.S. They have really executed on building trust and demonstrating the value of our portfolio to payers. Now the performance of our core MS products, TECFIDERA maintained its global market share and remains the leading MS therapy  overall MS therapy. Global revenues were a strong $1.1 billion this quarter, a 3% increase versus the prior year, as we saw 9% increase in total TECFIDERA patients over the same period. U.S. TECFIDERA revenues declined 4% to $836 million in the third quarter compared to a record high in Q2, primarily due to a slight decline in patient demand. As a reminder, in Q3 2016, TECFIDERA benefited by approximately $40 million to $50 million due to an inventory build, which impacts the year-over-year comparison. In Q3, inventory levels for TECFIDERA were flat relative to Q2. In Europe, TECFIDERA patients grew approximately 16% year over year and 4% quarter over quarter, while in Japan, TECFIDERA has rapidly grown to over 10% market share. TYSABRI remains the leading high-efficacy MS therapy, with global revenues of $469 million. U.S. TYSABRI revenues were $267 million, an 8% decline from the prior quarter and an 11% decline year over year. We have seen an uptick in discontinuation, particularly amongst JCV-positive patients, as OCREVUS continues its launch in the U.S. Outside of the U.S., TYSABRI revenues were $203 million. In Europe, TYSABRI patients grew by 2% versus last quarter, as it benefited from updated label, providing improved clarity on the re-stratification and patient management. While our MS business has shown some signs of resilience, we are not stopping here. We are continuing to evolve our operating model in MS, including the recent rollout of a new regional structure in the U.S., which we believe will increase accountability and bring us closer to the customer. Next, I would like to talk about our second strategic priority, accelerating SMA. We see SPINRAZA as a key current and future growth driver for Biogen. We are very pleased with the growth being delivered by the global launch of SPINRAZA, as we generated $271 million in revenues in the third quarter, including $198 million in the U.S. We saw a 75% increase in the number of patients on therapy in the U.S. as compared to the end of Q2. As a reminder, Q2 revenues in the U.S. included approximately $30 million of inventory build, while inventory levels remained flat in Q3. Approximately 10% of U.S. SPINRAZA revenues in the third quarter were attributed to maintenance dose, as a large number of patients who completed the four-dose loading regimen in prior quarters did not receive a dose in Q3 due to the once every four months maintenance dosing. Additionally, over 65% of patients currently on therapy are Type 2s and Type 3s, and a growing 20% are over the age of 15 years old, suggesting that the most serious patients are treated first, and also significant opportunity remains in the other patient population. Infrastructure in the U.S. continued to improve. As of the end of the third quarter, over 180 sites have administered SPINRAZA, an increase from 145 sites last quarter. And we now have over 250 sites that have submitted start forms. Importantly, we have received hundreds of start forms from patients that are not yet on therapy, a great indicator for demand. We are diligently trying to help these patients start on SPINRAZA while also working to reach the thousands of older SMA patients who are either not aware of SPINRAZA or have not yet indicated an intent to start treatment. To help reach this broader population, we are expanding the size of our U.S. SMA team. Outside the U.S., SPINRAZA revenues were $73 million in Q3. Revenues and volume from ex-U.S. launch this quarter surpassed what we saw in Q1 of the U.S. launch. We have now launched in 11 European countries as well as in Japan, and we recorded revenues from named patient sales from multiple countries across the Middle East and Latin America. So far, we have submitted 20 pricing and reimbursement dossiers in Europe. This quarter, SPINRAZA was approved in Brazil and Switzerland, and we filed in Argentina. Over time, we aim to make this therapy widely available across the globe. For our strategic priority to create a leaner and simpler operating model, we intend to streamline our operations and relocate resources, with a goal of redirecting up to $400 million by the end of 2020 to be reinvested in prioritized research and development and commercial value-creation opportunities. To achieve this, we expect to make total expenditures of up to $170 million, primarily in 2018, through a restructuring program across a number of strategic operational and organizational initiatives. Moving to our biosimilar business, revenues grew 12% to $101 million, and the European Commission granted the marketing authorization for our adalimumab biosimilar, IMRALDI. Biogen is now the first company with approved biosimilars in Europe for the three most prescribed anti-TNF biologic treatments. So it was an exciting quarter, with healthy progress in our core business. We saw resilience in our MS franchise. We accelerated our achievements in SMA with several strong country launches, and we continued to grow our biosimilar business. We believe this foundation gives us an even greater ability to create more value for patients and shareholders in the future. We are incredibly excited about the work that is underway to both develop and expand our existing portfolio as well as to invest in building our pipeline. And now I would like to transition to our plan to create new sources of value. The team has been working tirelessly to ensure that we have the right capabilities and pipeline to win in this area, including: optimizing partnerships to better position us for new growth; advancing R&D candidates; actively looking for pipeline assets; enhancing our BD capabilities; and further building our senior management team. Before I turn it over to Mike, a few highlights; first, we renegotiated our agreement with our partner, Eisai. Biogen will now receive 55% of profits in the U.S., 68.5% of the profits in Europe, and 20% of the profits in Japan. This leverages Biogen's strong presence in the U.S. and Europe and Eisai's distinct advantage in Asian markets. Eisai also exercised its option to jointly develop and commercialize adalimumab. We are pleased by this demonstration of Eisai's confidence for our lead Phase 3 Alzheimer's assets. We also agreed to decrease our royalty obligations to Neurimmune. We believe both of these new agreements will improve the long-term economics of adalimumab. Second, we announced new data for the long-term extension of our ongoing Phase 1b study on aducanumab. We are encouraged by these results, as they are consistent with our previous reported data and support to the design of our ongoing Phase 3 studies. We will present detailed data from this analysis at the CTAD [Clinical Trials on Alzheimer's Disease] conference next week, and Mike will provide more details shortly. Third, we advanced multiple assets in our pipeline. We completed enrollment for natalizumab in stroke and BIIB054 in Parkinson's disease. We initiated trials for natalizumab in epilepsy for our tau ASO in Alzheimer's disease in collaboration with Ionis and for opicinumab in MS. And we had a positive readout of STX-100 in idiopathic pulmonary fibrosis. Finally, we continued to build our new senior management team, which we believe is critical to maintaining this momentum. We could not become the leader in neuroscience without our world-class talents. Camille Lee has joined Biogen as Senior Vice President, Alzheimer's Therapeutic Area. Dr. Sanjay Jariwala has joined as Senior Vice President, Worldwide Medical. Anabella Villalobos has joined as Senior Vice President of Biotherapeutic Medicinal Science. In addition, we are progressing well in our search for a new CFO and hope to make an announcement in the near future. I will now turn the call over to Mike for an update on our recent progress in R&D.
Michael D. Ehlers, M.D., Ph.D. - Biogen, Inc.: Thank you, Michel, and good morning, everyone. Last quarter, we provided additional clarity on Biogen's R&D strategy, which highlighted our vision to be the leader in neuroscience. We continue to believe that no other area of medicine represents as much patient need, global economic burden, and scientific opportunity as neuroscience. We are enacting an R&D investment strategy aimed at definitive leadership in neuroscience. I would now like to spend some time highlighting the significant progress we have made this quarter within our core and emerging growth areas. Starting with MS and neuroimmunology, we are committed to investing in R&D for MS to address key unmet needs. This week, Biogen is releasing new data through more than 80 oral and poster presentations at the seventh joint ECTRIMS and ACTRIMS meeting, including comparative effectiveness data for TECFIDERA and TYSABRI, as well as an update on several real-world initiatives we are advancing to improve the diagnosis and monitoring of disease progression. One of the key highlights for Biogen at the meeting will be the presentation of a post-hoc analysis of data obtained in the Phase 2 SYNERGY trial, which we believe identifies a patient subset exhibiting sustained clinical improvement upon treatment with opicinumab, a first-in-class human monoclonal antibody directed against LINGO-1. At the 10-milligram per kilogram dose, we found that opicinumab was associated with a greater and more durable treatment response in patients who had been diagnosed with MS within the last 20 years and in those whose brain MRI suggested lesions with lower myelin content as measured by magnetization transfer ratio, blood preserve, relative tissue integrity as measured by diffusion tensor imaging radial diffusivity. These characteristics provide a biologically and clinically plausible hypothesis that we will test in our Phase 2b AFFINITY trial. Specifically, AFFINITY, a multicenter, randomized, double-blind placebo-controlled Phase 2b study that aims to enroll 240 patients with relapsing MS, was initiated earlier this year. The trial was designed to evaluate the potential for opicinumab to improve pre-existing disability in relapsing MS patients through remyelination. A fixed dose of opicinumab that closely replicates the 10-milligram per kilogram dose from SYNERGY will be studied as an add-on therapy in patients who are adequately controlled on their anti-inflammatory disease-modifying therapy versus the DMT alone and who exhibit characteristics consistent with the potential SYNERGY responder population. The primary endpoint of the study, overall response score, is an integrated measure of both the improvement and worsening of disability over time. During the quarter, Lancet published new data investigating the correlation between PML risk for natalizumab and JC virus antibody index values through large observational studies. The estimates suggest that PML risk remains low at JC virus antibody index less than or equal to 0.9 and increases at index levels greater than 1.5. Specifically, over six years of natalizumab treatment, the cumulative risk of PML was lowest in patients with index less than 0.9 at 0.2%, which increased to 2.8% for patients with an index value of greater than 1.5. Our hope is that these data can provide physicians and patients additional information when making individualized benefit/risk assessments with TYSABRI. These data are currently largely reflected in the EU label, and we are currently discussing these data with the FDA. We also had exciting new developments within Alzheimer's disease and dementia, which we believe we have one of the most robust AD portfolios in the industry. We recently conducted an additional interim analysis of the long-term extension of the ongoing Phase 1b study of aducanumab called PRIME, as Michel referred to. The updated analyses include data from the placebo-controlled period and long-term extension for patients treated with aducanumab up to 24 months in the titration cohort and up to 36 months in the fixed-dose cohorts. In patients treated up to 24 months in the titration cohort, amyloid plaque reduction was consistent with the dose and time-dependent results observed in the fixed-dose cohorts. In patients treated up to 36 months, amyloid plaque continued to decrease in a dose and time-dependent manner, with amyloid plaque levels in the 10-milligram per kilogram fixed-dose cohort reaching and remaining at a level considered below the quantitative cut point that discriminates between a positive and negative scan. At both 24 and 36 months, analyses of CDR sum-of-boxes and the MMSE [Mini Mental State Examination] suggest a continued benefit of the treatment of aducanumab on the rate of clinical decline during the treatment. In the Phase 1b long-term extension, the most commonly reported adverse events were headache, fall, and amyloid-related imaging abnormalities, or ARIA. We look forward to presenting these data in detail next week at the Clinical Trials on Alzheimer's Disease Conference in Boston. Our collaboration partner, Ionis Pharmaceuticals, recently initiated a Phase 1/2a study with BIIB080 or IONIS-MAPTRx in patients with mild Alzheimer's disease, and dosed the first patient earlier this month. BIIB080 is an intrathecally administered anti-sense therapy designed to selectively reduce the production of the microtubule associated protein tau in the brain. Pathological accumulation of tau protein is a hallmark feature of Alzheimer's disease that correlates strongly with clinical status. Reducing levels of tau via an antisense oligonucleotide, or ASO, represents a unique and independent approach to tau lowering relatively to lowering monoclonal antibodies. Within neuromuscular disorders, we presented significant data for SPINRAZA at the 22nd International Congress of the World Muscle Society in Saint-Malo, France. Key data highlights include a new analysis from the Phase 3 ENDEAR study as measured by the Hammersmith Infant Neurological Examination. Significant differences in motor milestone responders were observed in patients with disease duration at baseline less than or equal to 12 weeks, as 75% of infants treated with SPINRAZA responded compared to none of the untreated patients. For those with disease duration greater than 12 weeks at baseline, 32% of the treated patients responded while none of the untreated infants responded in this cohort. There was also a statistically significant benefit in event-free survival in infants treated with SPINRAZA with disease duration less than or equal to 12 weeks. Data from EMBRACE, a Phase 2 multi-center randomized double-blind sham-procedure-controlled 14-month study of SPINRAZA in infants and children not eligible to participate in ENDEAR, was also presented. The EMBRACE interim analysis showed a larger proportion of infants and children treated with SPINRAZA for Hammersmith Infant Neurological Examination motor milestone responders compared to those who were untreated. In the ENDEAR and EMBRACE studies, SPINRAZA demonstrated a favorable benefit/risk profile. And overall, the data presented contribute to a growing body of evidence that demonstrates SPINRAZA can make a meaningful difference in the lives of patients with SMA regardless of their age or stage of the disease. Beyond SPINRAZA, we continue to be excited about the potential of our gene therapy program in SMA, and we expect to advance into the clinic in mid-2018. Moving on to our progress in movement disorders, BIIB054, our anti alpha-synuclein antibody targeting the core pathology of Parkinson's disease with the goal of slowing disease progression, has completed enrollment in the Phase 1 trial, and we anticipate sharing data from the Parkinson's cohort of this study next year. We are also planning to initiate a Phase 2 study of this asset by the end of the year. Moving on to other updates, we are committed to enhancing and advancing our pipeline in not just our core growth areas but also our emerging growth areas. Specifically, we see significant potential in acute neurology, pain, neuropsychiatry, and ophthalmology. Within acute neurology, we are currently conducting a Phase 2b trial with natalizumab in acute ischemic stroke, with the aim of improving functional outcomes by limiting brain inflammation in the post-stroke period. The study is fully enrolled, and we expect data early next year. Natalizumab is targeting acute ischemic stroke patients with mild-to-moderate severity, with a therapeutic time window of up to 24 hours after stroke onset. This program complements BIIB093, our first-in-class IV glibenclamide therapeutic targeting brain edema in severe large hemispheric infarcts, with a planned Phase 3 start next year. During the quarter, we also initiated OPUS, a Phase 2 study for natalizumab, which we believe has the potential to be a first-in-class antiinflammatory therapy for patients with drug-resistant focal epilepsy. With over 750,000 target patients in the U.S. and EU5 alone, we see significant opportunity. Specifically, the study will be a 70-patient six-month randomized double-blind placebo-controlled study to assess the efficacy, safety, and tolerability of natalizumab as adjunctive therapy. Patients are expected to continue into a six-month open-label phase after completion of the double-blind phase. The primary efficacy objective of the study is to determine if adjunctive therapy of natalizumab reduces the frequency of seizures in adult participants. Mechanistically, with multiple lines of preclinical and clinical research providing rationale for a potential benefit, we believe blocking alpha-4 integrin with natalizumab may help to reduce leukocyte vascular interactions and stabilize blood brain barrier integrity, which may ultimately help to reduce the frequency and severity of seizures. Moving on to our emerging growth area of neuropathic pain, our Phase 2b study of BIIB074 in painful lumbosacral radiculopathy is currently enrolling, with data expected next year. Also next year, we anticipate initiating a Phase 3 program for trigeminal neuralgia as well as a Phase 2 study in small fiber neuropathy. Outside of our core and emerging growth areas, we recently achieved proof of biology for BG00011 or STX-100 in a Phase 2a trial in idiopathic pulmonary fibrosis, or IPF. For assets like BG00011 that are not within our neuroscience focus, we intend to continue development as long as the science remains compelling and we see potential to add value. The results from the 41-patient Phase 2a trial demonstrated substantial down-regulation of the TGF beta pathway in IPF patients treated with BG00011, as measured by up to 70% inhibition from baseline of phosphorylated SMAD and alveolar macrophages isolated by bronchial alveolar lavage from IPF subjects. Phosphorylated SMAD mediates the transcriptional activity of TGF beta, signaling that increased levels have been correlated with fibrosis in multiple preclinical models. In addition, BG00011 was shown to impact multiple prespecified genes associated with TGF-beta signaling. Through this study, we have identified a dose with an appropriate safety profile and anticipated level of efficacy to support advancement into a Phase 2b study next year. As a reminder, our key strategic priorities within R&D are to build out our translational machine in neuroscience, invest in assets and capabilities in our prioritized core and emerging growth areas, and to augment our pipeline. We have made strong progress this year in increasing the probability of success for transitioning from the lab all the way to the market. In 2017, we have transitioned five programs from research to development within our core and emerging growth areas, putting us on track to nearly double historical productivity and highlighting our focus on bringing novel drug candidates into the clinic. We aim for a similar or greater level of R&D productivity next year. And a key component of our R&D strategy is to leverage antisense oligonucleotides, which offer a promising platform to get to and through the clinic faster than other modalities. To that end, we recently opened an ASO manufacturing facility in North Carolina to support our growing ASO pipeline. We have also been building our R&D leadership team, which Michel discussed, to help maximize future R&D productivity. While we continue to make important progress advancing our portfolio, we recognize that accelerating our long-term growth will require further enhancement. Internal productivity is already showing promise. But in addition, we are highly focused on expanding our neuroscience portfolio through external opportunities and look forward to highlighting the progress we make here in the coming months. In summary, across our portfolio, we see: continued leadership in MS, including remyelination; a growing body of clinical data within SMA; an industry-leading Alzheimer's disease portfolio; a compelling program in neuropathic pain; a unique clinical portfolio in stroke; defining new mechanisms of biology in IPF; advancing assets in Parkinson's disease, epilepsy, and ALS; and a growing number of high-quality drug candidates reaching the clinic. I will now pass the call back to Michel.
Michel Vounatsos - Biogen, Inc.: Thank you, Mike. Now let me share with you how we are thinking about the rest of 2017. We expect that SPINRAZA continues on a strong trajectory in terms of patient uptake in the U.S. and internationally. However, due to the impact of the dosing scheduling, we anticipate SPINRAZA revenue growth in Q4 will be mostly driven by ex-U.S. markets. We expect OCREVUS will have a modest net negative impact on our MS portfolio, and we expect the typical seasonality for MS in Q4. And for expenses, we expect OpEx in Q4 to increase versus Q3, as we invest behind our strategic priorities. In conclusion, I believe we have a clear direction. Our actions are aligned to our strategic imperatives, and everything we do is linked to maximizing shareholder value over the long term. Our market-leading MS business remains resilient. We continued an impressive SPINRAZA launch. We advanced assets in our neuroscience portfolio. We increased our biosimilars revenues in Europe. And very importantly, we enhanced our collaboration arrangements with Eisai and Neurimmune. We intend to continue this momentum, especially with a focus on completing more business development to further expand our neuroscience portfolio so that we can achieve our mission to be the leader in neuroscience. Looking forward, within the next 12 to 18 months, we expect several meaningful readouts across our neuroscience pipeline, including: BAN2401 in Alzheimer's disease; natalizumab in stroke; BIIB067 for ALS; BIIB074 for painful lumbosacral radiculopathy; BIIB054 in Parkinson's; and our gene therapy program for XLRS. Before we go into Q&A, I would like to thank our employees around the world who are dedicated to making a positive impact on patients' lives and all of the physicians, caregivers, and participants in our clinical development programs. The past and future achievements could not be realized without their passion and commitment. With that, we will open the call for questions.
Operator: Your first question comes from the line of Umer Raffat with Evercore. Please go ahead.
Umer Raffat - Evercore Group LLC: Hi, guys. Thank you so much for taking my question. I'll leave out SPINRAZA patient count stuff for the rest of the call but, Michel, I actually wanted to focus on aducanumab for a minute, and two parts to that. First, I just wanted to think through what the $150 million payment to Neurimmune on the royalty reduction implies for the valuation of aducanumab. And the reason why I ask is because the implied valuation for aducanumab based on this $150 million payment is very different than what the market implies. So I was just curious and just wanted to understand the context of this negotiation a bit better. And then also on aducanumab, I was just curious. How much of your R&D spend is going towards aducanumab right now? And I ask because of the amount of payments Eisai is going to have to make starting 2019, whether that's appropriately reflected in Street expectations for your R&D spend in 2019 onwards or not. Thank you.
Michel Vounatsos - Biogen, Inc.: So thank you for the good questions. We are very pleased with these new agreements. We believe in the potential opportunity with aducanumab, and therefore, we act in alignment with this belief. And this took a lot of work, and it's probably the most important alliance will be the agreement we reached in 2017 so far, so I think this is very important. For the $150 million, we are working on our long-term  long-range operating plan, and we remain, with the right assumptions, very bullish on the opportunity that we have with this product. With Neurimmune, we have a long-term collaboration and there are many things in play, in the past, in the present, and in the future. And I will say it's logical that working together we achieved this agreement between the two companies. So I would not go much further in terms of the speculation of the potential link, but I think that it's very positive for the overall future profitability of aducanumab if we're able to succeed. So we are pleased with this outcome. Concerning the clinical spend, the only thing I can tell you is that as for the time Eisai starts to contribute meaningfully to the clinical spend in 2019, a large portion of the overall spend will need to occur in 2019 and beyond. Does somebody want to add something, okay.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Geoff Meacham with Barclays. Please go ahead.
Geoffrey Meacham - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Good morning, guys. Thanks for the question. I want to get some context for SPINRAZA just for the U.S. Obviously, it's flattish in Q3 and you're also saying that, Michel, for Q4, are you guys seeing discontinuations or difficulties in getting reimbursement, or is this just wave two in the U.S. is more difficult than putting on wave one, which would be the worst patients, the most severe patients? Thank you.
Michel Vounatsos - Biogen, Inc.: Thanks for the question. We are very pleased with the momentum in the U.S. And having 75% patient growth is not a simple achievement, so I compliment the team. As expected and also as difficult to model as it can be, based on the dosing regimen, the impact of the patients we got in Q1 and on the early access program was fully reflected in the Q3 because of the dosing regimen. Over time this will normalize, and that's why we are prudent the way we have been prudent since the beginning of the year, if you'll recall well, so we expect that the dynamic will normalize as the maintenance dose becomes the majority of the revenue, so this is basically the momentum we see. We enlarged the reach. We see a larger proportion of the patients above the age of 15. Meeting with scientific leaders, they are getting more experience on complicated spine in order to dose the patients, and they are investigating potential routes of administration and procedure for patients more complicated, other one with the fusion, and those ones are the more complicated. And it is anticipated, just to come back because I know that everybody has that in their mind, so yes, we said 60% of the patients have a complicated spine or mostly the patients with the Type 2 and Type 3, mostly the Type 2. But out of this proportion, it's actually between 10% and 20% of those patients who have fusion that are more complex. The others are easier. And apparently, according to scientific leaders, the proportion of fusion ex-U.S. is much lower, just to give some context. So we remain optimistic on the potential of SPINRAZA in the U.S. and ex-U.S., and our peak sales objective did not change.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Eric Schmidt with Cowen and Company. Please go ahead.
Eric Schmidt - Cowen and Co. LLC: Thanks for taking the question. I guess I'm just having the same problem with squaring the circle here on SPINRAZA. It sounds like you did very well with new patient adds, a 75% increase in number of patients on therapy from end of Q2 to end of Q3, and a variety  a large majority of those patients had to receive multiple doses. So I guess maybe not to ask the same question a different way, Michel, but how is it that you can't get growth with that many new patients being added here? There must be some change to gross-to-net or free drug or something of that sort.
Michel Vounatsos - Biogen, Inc.: The free drug, unless I make a mistake, was 20%. This is correct, so there was a slight increase but not a major impact. Again, it's the 75% patient growth that was dosed, 75% of patient growth that were dosed with the initial dosing regimen and very little of patients with the maintenance dose. This is the dynamic that we see. It is clear that for the later onset of disease and more complicated patients, it takes a bit more time to get those. That's why we have hundreds of start forms that are not yet for patients who are not yet dosed. So this is another dynamic that is not new. But again, as I said, the infrastructure and the system is adjusting.
Eric Schmidt - Cowen and Co. LLC: Do you expect growth in Q1?
Michel Vounatsos - Biogen, Inc.: I will not comment yet on Q1, and the last element that we saw was an inventory play between Q2 and Q3. Thanks, Eric.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ying Huang with Bank of America Merill Lynch. Please go ahead.
Ying Huang - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Hi, good morning. Thanks for taking my question. Maybe, Michel, you talked about the formulary access for MS products. Can you talk on a high level what your expectation is for 2018 net pricing for TECFIDERA and also the other products? And then maybe another question is with Eisai just opting in for aducanumab, and we know that the BAN2401 program is coming to an end, did Eisai have any clarity on the analysis of the results from the 12-month follow-up before they opted in? Thank you.
Michel Vounatsos - Biogen, Inc.: So I will get started on the market access for 2018, and that is now almost under contract. And as communicated, we are very pleased with the progress for the U.S. And the gross-to-net impact is similar to prior years and the typical contracting arrangements for which our leadership position is helping, as you can imagine. So we didn't see a dramatic erosion in order to maintain or enhance. We saw a very limited one actually. So we are pleased with the momentum, including open formularies and including the win with some major payers like Aetna. So this is an important achievement.
Alfred W. Sandrock, Jr., M.D., Ph.D. - Biogen, Inc.: Ying, this is Al Sandrock. In terms of what Eisai saw, they saw all of the same things we've seen so far, which include data from the Phase 1b trial that Mike talked about that we'll be presenting next week, which is the 36-month follow-up in the fixed-dose cohorts and the 24-month follow-up in the titration cohorts.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Cory Kasimov with JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Cory W. Kasimov - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Hey, good morning, guys, and thank you for taking my question. I'll keep it to one. Are you surprised by the relative strength of SPINRAZA overseas? I guess is there anything noticeably different relative to the U.S. launch that you've seen over there in these early days? Thanks.
Michel Vounatsos - Biogen, Inc.: Thanks for the question. We are very pleased. And as communicated previously, we did anticipate that, unlike MS, we see that for SPINRAZA, mostly driven by the prevalence of the disease. We see a higher proportion of opportunities in terms of top line revenue ex-U.S. and U.S. So we are pleased with the early launch countries, Germany, a couple of Nordics countries, Japan since a few weeks. But this was mostly driven by Germany and some named patient sales in the Middle East, in Turkey, and in Latin America. Germany is going very strong. We got the journal official in Italy, and you'll recall that we had more than 100  close to 120 patients on the early access program. And overall, maybe one element that is helping also the momentum in Europe, or ex-U.S., was the very large number of early access program patients that were already identified just waiting to gain reimbursement in order to be shifted to commercial goods. So obviously now, the question is, are we anticipating the same trends that basically many of you have anticipated as opposed  not just linear growth on a country basis ex-U.S.? We believe that based on the sequence of access, reimbursement, and unlocking opportunities in different countries that is not at the same time that this trend will not be the same as in the U.S. I think that this will be a smoother trend in the right direction. And again, overall, it's very nice momentum, and we are trending above what we thought were our internal targets.
Alfred W. Sandrock, Jr., M.D., Ph.D. - Biogen, Inc.: Cory, just to put some numbers on it, we had more than 500 patients in the early access program across 18 countries in Europe. That compares to about 60 patients we had in the U.S., probably due to timing a little between when we saw the data and when the drug was approved, so a lot more interest in the EAP in Europe.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Geoffrey Porges with Leerink. Please go ahead.
Geoffrey C. Porges - Leerink Partners LLC: Thank you very much, a quick clarification for Al, if I could, and then a question, Michel, for you. Al, on the intrathecal ASO for Alzheimer's, could you just talk about the dosing frequency and the access there in terms of being able to deliver the treatment? And then, Michel, could you talk about your policy on pricing? Of course, pricing has been a significant driver to the MS category overall in prior years, and then the company changed the policy this year, and you've taken single-digit price increases on a one-time basis this year. Is that what we should be modeling going forward? Thanks. And I apologize for the double question.
Michael D. Ehlers, M.D., Ph.D. - Biogen, Inc.: Geoff, this is Mike. I'll take a stab at the first one. I think it was about intrathecal access for this. It turns out that we don't anticipate any more significant problems in terms of intrathecal delivery with this program than in the SPINRAZA program at all. And the initial studies are really that they're safety dose-ranging findings in Alzheimer's subjects. So we're trying to get an idea of exactly the right dose range. And then from a technical standpoint, we don't see or anticipate any more significant challenge than what we've seen with SPINRAZA.
Michel Vounatsos - Biogen, Inc.: So concerning the second question, let me start by saying that we are very pleased with the resilience of our MS portfolio. That is so important in terms of cash flow generation, and we intend actually to continue this momentum. We organized a meeting in a few days with all the Biogen leaders, where we are going to recommit so that we can defend as much as we can. The market share where we speak is holding at 38%. It was 38.3% before. I don't know when exactly. And as expected, an OCREVUS launch will erode the share. And if I look at the performance over the last two quarters, including OCREVUS, that was still a minimum contribution, it is the last best two quarters ever for Biogen, so it's not a cliff. And we'll continue to drive the activity to generate demand and volume, and we will not comment on the price policy.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Carter Gould with UBS. Please go ahead.
Carter Gould - UBS Securities LLC: Good morning, guys, congrats on your results and all the updates. Just to come back to aducanumab, on the updates with Eisai and Neurimmune, how should we think about these? Were these proactive moves on your end or more opportunistic moves after overtures from those companies?
Michel Vounatsos - Biogen, Inc.: So I will not intend to the details of the first move. These are contracts that were signed a few years back. We see data coming in the Phase 1/1b, and we are relatively pleased with this data. We'll hear more at CTAD, and I thought it would be an opportunity to see how we could improve the operation or give the best chance for the operation and the core promotion the day we have potentially the product, and therefore playing out who's the best where. And obviously, I have the agenda to increase the opportunity for Biogen, and I think that with the two deals, this is what we are achieving. But it's a win-win, and the partner at Eisai gets also the opportunity to co-promote the MS portfolio, which is important. So we are very pleased with these two upgraded, I would say, arenas.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Matthew Harrison with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Matthew K. Harrison - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Great, good morning. Thanks for taking the question. I'd like to just go back to SPINRAZA one more time. I'm sorry for starting to beat this too much. Can you just help us because the numbers don't square? And I'm just trying to figure out what piece we may be missing. So if you back out the inventory from the second quarter, you had 32% sequential revenue growth, but you had 75% growth in new patients. And I thought at the beginning, you said that 10% of patients had a maintenance dose. So it seems like you almost doubled  I mean a little less, but you had substantial  hundreds of new patients add on and some patients taking maintenance dose. So it seems like the price per patient has come down by 40%. So is that right, or what else are we missing in those numbers?
Matthew Calistri - Biogen, Inc.: Hey, Matthew, this is Matt. Let me try to help clarify. So first, when we say 75% patient growth, what we're looking at is at the end of second quarter to the end of third quarter. If you look at the number of patients on therapy at the end of the second quarter versus at the end of the third quarter, we had 75% more patients. Now how many of those patients at the end of the third quarter received one, two, or three doses is unclear. We haven't revealed that. So that's probably part of the reason it's a little more difficult for you to square that math. And the other thing we talked about was 10% of the revenues came from patients who had been on a loading dose in prior quarters, so there's a lot of dynamics here. And the nature of loading doses versus maintenance doses I know makes it a little bit complicated, but that's how the math plays out. So I don't think it's a function of gross-to-net impacting. As you saw, we believe it's 20% of patients are on free. It's more a function of just the timing of doses. And as we said, we expect this is something that normalizes over time. I think the other thing you're all trying to solve for is the commentary we said about Q4. We said the majority of growth is expected to come outside of the U.S. I don't think the message is that there's no growth in the U.S. I think the message is that there would be growth in the U.S., but the majority of growth would come from outside of the U.S. So I don't think we're trying to send a message that you're not seeing growth in SPINRAZA in the U.S. We're just comparing it to the dynamics in the rest of the world. Does that help?
Matthew K. Harrison - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Yes, I think it does. And I think you've commented on ex-U.S. trajectory. But should we consider  I guess maybe you could just give us some guideposts on what's going to grow ex-U.S. trajectory. Is it new country launches or additional patients in existing countries?
Matthew Calistri - Biogen, Inc.: You can assume new country launches would make  we believe new country launches will be one of the drivers there that could be. As you just look at the comments we've made, Germany and Turkey made up a majority of the rest of the world sales. But as you look at the countries that have already approved and some of the traction we're making, you're going to see more diversity across other countries. That's our belief.
Michel Vounatsos - Biogen, Inc.: But Germany still has a long way to go, so you can actually expect both. But in the first phase, obviously the new product launches in new countries like Italy, while we speak, will add momentum, should add momentum.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Terence Flynn with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Terence Flynn - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Hi, good morning thanks for taking the question, maybe one for Michel or Mike. You both referred to business development looking externally. Neuro focus, maybe just give us your latest thoughts on early stage, later stage, how you're thinking about business development and maybe the cadence of the deal or deals. Thanks.
Michel Vounatsos - Biogen, Inc.: So I will get started, and Mike can add more color. So first, we have strong cash flow generation, and we expect that this cash flow will grow mostly after 2019, when we have less royalties to pay on TEC [TECFIDERA]. So we will make sure that the allocation of this capital will secure the maximization of the shareholder return. And we have communicated that, unlike in the past where we did the majority to the dollar back to shareholders in terms of share repurchase, we will also do the share and prioritize, as for now, the capital allocation efforts towards building the neuroscience pipeline. And in addition, we may continue to repurchase shares on an opportunistic manner based on the price of the share and other elements. So we are looking at different opportunities. Eisai and Neurimmune took a lot of time. And there are opportunities, and the sweet spot of Biogen remains at the early stage. And we'll be very careful if we go beyond the early stage of the valuation of those assets or companies. Mike?
Michael D. Ehlers, M.D., Ph.D. - Biogen, Inc.: Yes, I'd add just a little bit to that. We're quite committed to a couple of things within the R&D portfolio. Number one was increasing productivity of our existing pipeline, and number two was to be able to add important new assets to the pipeline. So we're quite committed to portfolio growth. Michel mentioned  our sweet spot, we believe, is in early-phase clinical assets because of our ability to really derisk those and advance those through proof-of-concept well. But of course, we look within that sweet spot and beyond. We've got a number of active discussions ongoing. We're augmenting our external innovation capabilities. We've been bringing online more search and evaluation, and we're really retuning a lot of the entire R&D organization and beyond to be more externally oriented. So I think that you will see over time both an increase in the productivity of the existing portfolio and a number of assets coming into the portfolio.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ronny Gal with Bernstein. Please go ahead.
Aharon Gal - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: Good morning and thanks for fitting me in, a question about the gene therapy platform. Good to hear that you think you'll be starting now your trials in mid-2018. I guess my question is on the manufacturing here. Is there an opportunity here to leapfrog in terms of your both capacity and cost? Folks would be talking about how difficult it is to get enough material to be able to treat an entire patient population as opposed to just the Type 1 SMA. Cost per therapy suggests in the hundreds of thousands of dollars per patient. Have you been able to move away from triple (57:20) transactions to something more stable? Will you be able to address the cost structure? If you could, just give us some landmarks around that.
Paul McKenzie - Biogen, Inc.: Sure, Ronny, this is Paul McKenzie. Thanks for the question and thanks for your great recent gene therapy seminar that you gave. A lot of people really benefited from that in the industry. You bring up a great question around our ability and beliefs around our development and manufacturing capability. As I shared with you before that we have doubled down on our development capability. We believe that will allow us to drive to a gene therapy platform that's industry-leading. We also have invested in manufacturing partnerships and platforms that allow us to do these activities, both development and manufacturing excellence, in parallel. We're very excited around our progress around our clinical supplies for the second half of 2018 dosing. And we continue to make great strides on our PCL development for the future commercial process. So more to come in the upcoming months, but we believe we're well positioned to continue to drive our agenda in gene therapy across the portfolio as a real platform play.
Michael D. Ehlers, M.D., Ph.D. - Biogen, Inc.: Ronny, this is Mike. Just following up on Paul's comments, manufacturing is certainly one area where we believe there's an opportunity for real competitive advantage in a platform approach that could be attractive for SMA and beyond. Within SMA in particular, there are a number of things that we are quite focused on, which is the right patient subtypes. We certainly have gained a lot of experience with patient subtypes within SMA with our SPINRAZA experience. And I think along with that are going to be important things that we're looking at, which are delivery route timing of dosing administration, potential combinations with SPINRAZA. And of course, front and center in our mind is how all that ties in with clinical safety, and I think that a lot of this still has to play out. So between manufacturing, patient sub-type, delivery route, safety profile, those are key elements of our gene therapy strategy.
Operator: And your final question comes on the line of Michael Yee with Jefferies. Please go ahead.
Michael J. Yee - Jefferies LLC: Hey, thanks for the question. Given the update on the Eisai opt-in, can you just remind us with the BAN2401 data coming, how to interpret that from the standpoint of a high hurdle given aducanumab's advancement in Phase 3 and so far ahead, how you would think about whether there would be two Phase 3 programs or just the fact that there's a high hurdle for this program given that they've now opted in? Thanks.
Alfred W. Sandrock, Jr., M.D., Ph.D. - Biogen, Inc.: Mike, this is Al. First of all, it's prespecified in the agreement what the hurdles actually would be, and so there's that. The way I look at that data is first I want to see. Is there plaque reduction with BAN2401? If there isn't, then I don't know how to interpret the rest of the data. If there is plaque reduction, then the next thing we want to see, is there at least a trend or a favorable effect on the composite measure, which includes things like CDR sum-of-boxes, which would allow us to compare the effect of aducanumab with BAN2401. And then finally, of course, we need to look at the safety, what are the rates of the key adverse events, such as ARIA. And then with that, we'll make a decision. But as I said, the contract prespecifies what the efficacy hurdles are.
Michel Vounatsos - Biogen, Inc.: So thank you all and have a great day, bye for now.
Operator: Thank you to everyone for attending today. This will conclude today's call, and you may now disconnect.

===== 2017 Q2  (2017-07-25 08:00:00) =====
Executives: Matthew Calistri - Biogen, Inc. Michel Vounatsos - Biogen, Inc. Michael D. Ehlers, M.D., Ph.D. - Biogen, Inc. Paul McKenzie - Biogen, Inc. Alfred W. Sandrock, Jr., M.D., Ph.D. - Biogen, Inc. Jean-Paul Kress - Biogen, Inc.
Analysts: Geoff Meacham - Barclays Capital, Inc. Eric Schmidt - Cowen & Co. LLC Umer Raffat - Evercore ISI Geoffrey C. Porges - Leerink Partners LLC Ying Huang - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Aharon Gal - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC Robyn Karnauskas - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. Matthew K. Harrison - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Alethia Young - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC Terence Flynn - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC Michael J. Yee - Jefferies LLC Cory W. Kasimov - JPMorgan Securities LLC Jim Birchenough - Wells Fargo Securities LLC Salim Syed - Mizuho Securities USA, Inc. Andrew Peters - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. Brian P. Skorney - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.
Operator: Good morning. My name is Dan and I will be your conference operator today. At this time I would like to welcome everyone to the Biogen Second Quarter 2017 Financial Results and Strategic Update. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speaker's remarks there will be a question-and-answer session. Thank you. I would now like to turn the conference over to Matt Calistri, Vice President of Investor Relations. You may begin your conference.
Matthew Calistri - Biogen, Inc.: Thanks, Dan. Thank you and welcome to Biogen's second quarter 2017 earnings and strategic update conference call. Before we begin, I encourage everyone to go to the Investors section of biogen.com to find the press release and related financial tables, including a reconciliation of a GAAP to non-GAAP financial measures that we'll discuss today. Our GAAP financials are provided in tables one and two. Table three includes a reconciliation of our GAAP to non-GAAP financial results. We believe non-GAAP financial results better represent the ongoing economics of our business and reflect how we manage the business internally. We've also posted slides on our website that follow the discussions related to this call. Given that we have a lot to cover today, we'll only be covering the key financial results for the quarter. For further detail, I encourage you to refer to the press release and slides. I would like to point out that we will be making forward-looking statements, which are based on our current expectations and beliefs. These statements are subject to certain risks and uncertainties and our actual results may differ materially. I encourage you to consult the risk factors discussed in our SEC filings for additional detail. On today's call, I'm joined by our Chief Executive Officer Michel Vounatsos and Dr. Michael Ehlers EVP of Research and Development, who'll also be joined for the Q&A portion of the call by our Chief Medical Officer, Dr. Al Sandrock; Dr. Paul McKenzie, EVP of Pharmaceutical Operations and Technology and Dr. Jean-Paul Kress, EVP, President of International and Head of Global Therapeutic Operations. Now I will turn the call to Michel.
Michel Vounatsos - Biogen, Inc.: Good morning everyone and thank you for joining us. I am very pleased to discuss our Q2 results and recent events and increase to our 2017 revenue guidance and as promised an update on our strategy for long-term growth. At Biogen we are increasingly focused on execution, maximizing the potential of both our commercial business and our pipeline and building new growth drivers for the future. We had a great first half of the year and we are excited to build on this momentum for the rest of 2017 and beyond. For the second quarter of 2017, Biogen generated record revenues of $3.1 billion. On an apples-to-apples basis excluding hemophilia, revenues grew an impressive 15% from the same period a year ago, our highest quarterly growth in over two years. Revenues grew 6% when we include hemophilia revenues in the prior period. GAAP earnings per share were $4.07, and non-GAAP EPS was $5.04. Earnings this quarter were impacted by the charge related to our recent licensing deal with Bristol-Myers Squibb for their anti-tau asset, now BIIB092. We believe this is a critically important investment as it gives us two new opportunities, one in progressive supranuclear palsy and one in Alzheimer's disease. This is a great example of the growth driving deals we are pursuing. Let me now highlight how we think are the key takeaway for the quarter. First, financial performance. We saw continued growth in our MS franchise this quarter. MS revenues grew 5% year-over-year to $2.3 billion, a record quarter. We continue to add patients globally with a 4% increase versus the prior year and a 1% increase versus last quarter. We are pleased with the progress we are making with the launch of SPINRAZA as we generated $203 million in revenue in the second quarter. We saw significant uptake in the U.S., and we are working with patients, physicians and payers to expand access to as many SMA patients as possible. And we are now building on this momentum outside the U.S. with recent approvals in Europe, Japan and Canada. We are preparing our launch efforts in these markets, and over time, we aim to make this therapy widely available across the globe. Our biosimilar business delivered revenues of $91 million, and we recently received a positive CHMP opinion in Europe for our adalimumab biosimilar, IMRALDI. Assuming IMRALDI is approved, Biogen will become the first company to offer access to biosimilars of the three major anti-TNFs in Europe. As we will discuss later, we are actively reallocating resources to high-priority R&D BD and commercial growth opportunities. For the second quarter, we recorded $430 million in SG&A expense along with $796 million in R&D expense. R&D expense included $360 million related to our licensing agreement with BMS. We also booked a $120 million GAAP charge related to our acquisition of BIIB093 from Remedy Pharmaceuticals. Next, our nonfinancial achievement during the quarter. First, we expanded our efforts in acute neurology by acquiring Remedy Pharmaceuticals Phase-3 ready asset, BIIB093 for large hemispheric infarction, a severe form of stroke with no available therapy. We completed this deal shortly after entering into our licensing agreement with BMS for the anti-tau antibody, now BIIB092. We aim to do much more business development as we execute on our priority to bolster our pipeline. Second, we announced two positive update on aducanumab for Alzheimer's disease, including an update on enrollment and a protocol change of the Phase 3 trials which Mike will cover in more details. Third, we have made significant progress in building our new senior management team. Jean-Paul Kress has joined as EVP, President International and Head of Global Therapeutic Operations. Ginger Gregory has joined as our new head of HR. Alisha Alaimo will be joining us as Senior VP of U.S. Therapeutic Operation. And we are also making progress in our search for a new CFO. Now more details on our commercial performance starting with MS. First, global TECFIDERA revenues were a record $1.1 billion this quarter, a 13% increase versus the prior year with approximately half of that growth driven by volume. U.S. revenues increased 16% to $875 million versus the prior quarter. We were pleased to see revenue growth for TEC (7:41) in the U.S. as strong commercial execution and recovery from the Q1 seasonality led to significant increased volumes. TECFIDERA also benefited from improved gross to net this quarter. As a reminder, Q1 was impacted by lower inventory levels in the channel, which remain relatively flat in Q2. Outside the U.S., TECFIDERA continued on its trends of positive patient growth driven by recently launched market such as Italy, Poland and Japan. In Europe, the number of TECFIDERA patients grew 17% year-over-year. While in Japan, TECFIDERA has rapidly grown to nearly 8% market share in its first few months on the market. 250,000 people living with MS have now been treated with TECFIDERA. This is a remarkable achievement. As the market-leading oral (8:48), TECFIDERA has a wealth of real-world experience including almost 400,000 patient years of exposure. Second, global TYSABRI revenues were stable versus the prior year. As anticipated, we did see some modest pressure on TYSABRI in the U.S. this quarter following the launch of OCREVUS. This quarter, TYSABRI was also negatively impacted by approximately $10 million due to a charge to discount and allowances related to prior periods. In Europe, TYSABRI continued to add patients as it benefited from the updated label providing improved clarity on risk stratification and patient management. As a reminder, last quarter ex-U.S. TYSABRI revenues benefited by approximately $45 million related to the AIFA settlement. Third, we are delivering on our plan to demonstrate leadership in MS through value-based contracting with four agreements executed in July. We are piloting two separate approaches, the first aligning price to patient outcomes. And the second, adjusting price for patients initiating therapy who discontinue. We believe this pilot will provide valuable information that we can apply to future contracting approaches as we work to tie the pricing of our products to the clinical value and expand formulary access for patients. Overall, we maintain our global market share in MS. You will hear more from us shortly in our strategic update on our plans and our commitment to maximize the resilience of this critical business. Moving on to biosimilars, revenues grew 37% in the second quarter. BENEPALI is now available in 20 countries and is the market leader in the UK, Norway, Sweden and Denmark. In Germany, BENEPALI's share of the etanercept market now exceeds 30% as we are capturing almost two thirds of nave patients starting therapy. We estimate there are now 50,000 patients on BENEPALI across Europe and growing. FLIXABI is now available in eight markets, and we are working hard to drive adoption. Now onto SPINRAZA. Global revenues were $203 million including $195 million in the U.S. and $8 million outside the U.S. U.S. revenues included approximately $30 million related to an inventory build reflecting the strong demand. Ex-U.S. included the initial launch in the Nordics and named-patient sales in the Middle East and Latin America. We continue to make solid progress in the U.S. in terms of infrastructure and insurance coverage. With regards to infrastructure in the U.S., as of the middle of July, there were 145 sites that have administered SPINRAZA, a significant increase from 88 sites last quarter. And we now have a total of 233 sites that have submitted stat forms. We are pleased to communicate that the top 30 SMA centers are now all up and running and able to dose patients. From a coverage and reimbursement perspective, we have seen strong progress towards expanding access. Over 80% of commercially-insured lives across the U.S. now have a policy in place, with roughly two thirds having broad access. And for Medicaid, approximately two thirds of covered lives have a formal policy in place with 60% having broad access. Very strong demand across patient types with roughly two third of patients treated to date having Type 2 or Type 3 SMA. However, we believe that up to 60% of the Type 2 SMA population has already undergone some type of spinal surgery, creating challenges in intrathecal administration. As leading physician are transitioned to some of these more challenging cases, we expect slower uptake in Type 2 patients through the balance of the year. We are working closely with physicians to understand best practices to help these patients including alternate delivery options. As the new standard of care for SMA, SPINRAZA is fundamentally changing the treatment paradigm for patients requiring spinal surgery. The SMA standard of care guidelines are being updated to acknowledge the availability of an intrathecally administered therapy and will reinforce the need to use surgical techniques that can provide access for intrathecal delivery. As a result of improved coverage, we have seen a decrease in utilization of our free drug program. In Q2, approximately 20% of units were dispensed as free drugs as compared to 25% in Q1. This reflects our broader efforts to make SPINRAZA available to as many patients as possible. We continue to see important advancements in establishing newborn screening guidelines for SMA in the U.S. This is critical in our efforts to treat patients as early as possible. We are pleased to report that this quarter SMA was accepted into the review process for the Recommended Uniform Screening Panel. We intend to support this continued efforts with several pilots already established in Massachusetts, Georgia, Michigan and New York. Missouri passed a bill earlier this month and became the first state to institute newborn screening for SMA and we hope this is just the start. Outside the U.S. following recent regulatory approvals, we are quickly ramping up launch efforts in Europe, Japan and Canada. We estimate there are approximately 12,000 SMA patients across the geographies. In Europe, we have now launched in Germany and the Nordics with more countries to come as we secure reimbursements. During this transitional period, our Expanded Access Program will remain open for infantile patients where possible. We now have almost 600 patients across 24 countries of which over 460 are in Europe. So far this year, we filed in Brazil, Switzerland, Israel and South Korea, in addition to Australia, which was filed late 2016. We anticipate filing in a number of additional countries for the rest of 2017. Biogen is implementing a successful launch strategy across multiple geographies working hard to maximize the number of patients who are able to benefit from SPINRAZA. While we are pleased with the progress we have made, our hope is that all patients with SMA will have access to this life-changing therapy. There is still much more work to be done. In conclusion, it was an exciting quarter with strong execution. We saw continued leadership and growth in MS, a rapidly progressing launch of SPINRAZA, a growing biosimilar business and further progress in business development. Last but not least, Biogen's new leadership team is coming together. I will now turn the call over to Mike for an update on our recent progress in R&D.
Michael D. Ehlers, M.D., Ph.D. - Biogen, Inc.: Thank you, Michel, and good morning, everyone. Let me start by walking you through the significant progress we made this quarter advancing, reshaping and building out our pipeline as we further strengthen our leadership in neuroscience, starting with Alzheimer's disease. Last week, we presented a new post hoc analysis of the Phase 1b PRIME study of aducanumab at the Alzheimer's Association International Conference in London. This analysis looked at changes in cognitive and functional subscores of the clinical dementia rating scale, which is the primary endpoint of our Phase 3 trials. The data showed that aducanumab slowed the decline on both the cognitive and functional assessments compared to placebo, and the results of all subgroups studied were consistent with the overall study population. We also received, recently submitted a protocol amendment for the Phase 3 aducanumab clinical studies ENGAGE and EMERGE that will titrate the high-dose ApoE4 carrier cohort up to 10 milligrams per kilogram. Previously, the cohort was dosed up to six milligrams per kilogram. This change was made based on the results from the titration arm of the placebo controlled portion of the Phase 1b PRIME study that showed patients who were treated with aducanumab using a titration regimen had a lower instance of ARIA at 12 months than those patients treated in the higher fixed-dose cohorts. Based on data from PRIME, higher dose titration of APoE4 carriers may increase the likelihood of demonstrating meaningful clinical efficacy. Importantly, Phase 3 enrollment for aducanumab continues to progress well thanks to operational excellence from our team. Our strategy was to identify exceptional sites that we believe had high potential to enroll patients and to amplify the strength of our data by raising awareness. This plan appears to be working very well. We have sites telling us this is the first time they've had patients come in and request a specific Alzheimer's disease trial. Across ENGAGE and EMERGE, we added over 400 patients in the second quarter, enrollment continues to surpass our original expectations. Further adding to our portfolio and as announced in our Q1 call, we entered into a licensing agreement with Bristol-Myers Squibb for an advanced tau monoclonal antibody asset, BIIB092, as Michel alluded to. The deal closed in the second quarter and we have made important progress advancing the asset further into the clinic. In Q2, we dosed the first patient in the Phase 2 study for progressive supranuclear palsy, a devastating telepathy neurodegenerative disorder without treatment options. And we're on track to initiate a Phase 2 study in Alzheimer's disease early next year. Our collaboration partner Eisai, is also progressing the Phase 2 study of BAN2401, a humanized anti-A-beta antibody which exhibits a strong binding preference for protofibrils. We expect data from this trial by the end of the year. Moving on to our efforts in spinal muscular atrophy, last month at the 2017 Annual SMA Conference hosted by Cure SMA, by we provided a deeper understanding of the efficacy and safety of SPINRAZA across a broad set of SMA populations. New data presented from the ENDEAR study demonstrated motor function improvements in infants on permanent ventilation with 61% of SPINRAZA patients demonstrating an improvement of one or more motor milestones versus 27% for those in the sham-control. As measured using CHOP INTEND, 78% of SPINRAZA patients demonstrated an improvement of four or more points versus 9% of those in the sham-control. New data from the NURTURE study in genetically-diagnosed infants with pre-symptomatic SMA continue to demonstrate that the greatest benefit with SPINRAZA occurs among infants who initiate treatment prior to symptom onset. At the time of the interim analysis, most infants achieved motor milestone and growth parameter gains generally consistent with normal development such as head control, independent sitting, standing and walking independently. These results are dramatically different from the known course of SMA infants with Type-1 SMA. New data from the CHERISH study in children with later onset SMA demonstrated improvements in motor milestones among patients who received SPINRAZA compared to a loss among those on sham-control. Specifically, there was a significant and clinically-meaningful difference of 4.9 points in change from baseline to 15 months in mean Hammersmith Functional Motor Scale Expanded scores for children treated with SPINRAZA. We also presented additional safety data for SPINRAZA including data demonstrating no increased risk of adverse events in children with scoliosis and overall the data presented reinforced the significant and clinically meaningful efficacy of SPINRAZA on the achievement of motor milestones and measures of motor function across a broad spectrum of SMA and on survival endpoints in infantile onset SMA as well as its favorable benefit risk profile. We are continuing to expand on the clinical development program for SPINRAZA which has quickly become the largest body of data in SMA ever assembled for any interventional approach. Biogen has led the way with over twice the number of patients in our trials as compared to any other program with some patients now on SPINRAZA for over five years. We are continuing to gather data through the SHINE study which we believe will be the longest observational cohort in SMA and we are planning additional studies as part of our long-term strategy in SMA which we will discuss momentarily. We believe this growing body of data solidifies SPINRAZA as the standard of care in SMA and highlights our commitment to SMA patients and families. Moving on to other advances, we are committed to enhancing our pipeline through business development and once again I'm pleased to report substantial progress. As Michel discussed, we continue to see breakthrough potential in acute neurology including stroke. During the quarter, we acquired Remedy Pharmaceuticals' lead asset, a Phase-3 ready novel IV formulation of glibenclamide or BIIB093, being developed for large hemispheric infarction. Large hemispheric infarction is a severe form of ischemic stroke that impacts approximately 15% of the roughly 1.7 million ischemic strokes that occur across the U.S., Europe and Japan each year. The data supporting the potential of BIIB093 are compelling. In preclinical studies, BIIB093 blocks SUR1-TRPM4 channels that mediate stroke-related brain swelling. In Phase 2 clinical studies, we believe there is strong evidence for positive effects on functional outcomes as measured by the modified Rankin Scale, mortality and imaging measures of brain swelling. If confirmed in Phase 3, these benefits would represent a significant advancement over the current standard of care which is largely palliative with no approved pharmacological therapies. BIIB093 has been granted orphan drug designation and fast-track status in the U.S. which we believe should facilitate rapid development. We are currently working with regulators across the globe as we design a registrational program and we plan to initiate a Phase 3 study early next year. We believe this transaction is a great example of matching mechanism with disease pathophysiology and the right patient population to address a significant unmet need. The BIIB093 transaction complements Biogen's broader efforts to build a portfolio of best-in-class treatments for stroke and acute neurology. We're also currently conducting a Phase 2b trial with natalizumab with the aim of improving functional outcomes by limiting brain inflammation in the post-stroke period. We expect data early next year. If successful, we anticipate that natalizumab and BIIB093 will provide new approaches to treating complementary populations of stroke patients. Natalizumab is targeting acute ischemic stroke patients with mild to moderate severity with a therapeutic time window of up to 24 hours after stroke onset whereas BIIB093 is being evaluated for large hemispheric infarction up to 9 to 10 hours after stroke onset. Moving on to other areas in our pipeline, we continue to see exciting potential for BIIB074 in neuropathic pain based on a differentiated mechanism of action and compelling proof-of-concept data. We believe that there is substantial medical and social need for new, effective, non-opioid pain therapeutics. Our Phase 2b study in painful lumbosacral radiculopathy is enrolling with data expected in 2018. And next year we anticipate initiating a Phase 3 program with trigeminal neuralgia, a devastating disease with limited treatment options. Our early-stage pipeline includes novel approaches to tackling some of the most daunting important challenges in neuroscience beyond Alzheimer's disease. For example, in collaboration with Ionis Pharmaceuticals, we are advancing BIIB067, an antisense oligonucleotide therapy targeting a genetic form of ALS associated with mutations in the superoxide dismutase 1 or SOD1 gene. This program leverages our unique expertise in intrathecal antisense oligonucleotide as a new transformative modality and highlights our approach of pursuing a genetically validated target in a disease with few treatment options today. We're encouraged by the profile of BIIB054, our anti-alpha-synuclein antibody currently in Phase 1 targeting the core pathology of Parkinson's disease with a goal of slowing disease progression. And we look forward to advancing a set of novel drug candidates into the clinic. Across our pipeline, we now have 2 assets in Phase 3, 10 in Phase 2 and 3 in Phase 1 representing a set of exciting opportunities. We continue to make good progress advancing this portfolio but we recognize that accelerating our long-term growth will require further enhancement to our pipeline. I will now pass the call back to Michel.
Michel Vounatsos - Biogen, Inc.: Thank you, Mike. Now guidance. We are raising our full year 2017 revenue guidance to a range of $11.5 billion to $11.8 billion. We assume that SPINRAZA continues on a strong trajectory in terms of patients' uptake in the U.S. However, we expect revenue growth will flow as many patients move on from loading dose to maintenance therapy. Outside the U.S. we expect modest SPINRAZA revenues, particularly from Germany and Japan. Our assumptions for MS for the balance of the year remain largely unchanged. We anticipate GAAP and non-GAAP R&D expense between 18% and 19% of sales. This is an increase from prior guidance reflecting the recent in licensing of BIIB092 from BMS. This guidance does not include any impact from potential acquisitions or large-later stage business development transactions. These are hard to predict but obviously remain a priority. GAAP and non-GAAP SG&A expense is expected to be approximately 15% to 16% of revenue. We anticipate GAAP EPS results between $17.05 and $17.65. And non-GAAP EPS to be between $20.80 and $21.40. We believe 2017 is turning out to be a very strong and successful year for Biogen. Now, I would like to turn for a strategic update and discuss how we aim to build on this impressive success going forward. Our mission is clear. We aim to be the leader in neuroscience by developing transformational therapies to address what we believe are becoming the world's most significant unmet medical needs. In order to achieve this mission, we plan to maximize our near-term performance while investing for the future across four core growth areas. One, MS and neuroimmunology. Two, Alzheimer's disease and dementia. Three, Parkinson's disease and related-movement disorders. And four, neuromuscular disease including SMA and ALS. Further, we see opportunities to invest in emerging growth areas such as pain, ophthalmology, neuropsychiatry and acute neurology. Through the end of the decade, we expect cash flows to significantly grow driven by continued performance of our commercial assets and the anticipated expiration of the contingent payments related to TECFIDERA in the first half of 2019. This cash flow will enable us to invest in and build an industry-leading neuroscience pipeline that we believe will transform Biogen into the fastest growing large-cap biotech company. This represents a shift in approach from emphasizing share repurchases to prioritizing business development and investing for growth always with a priority towards maximizing shareholder value. We see an inflection point for Biogen in the early 2020s with multiple-high assets, potentially rolling out and launching. We are all looking to Aducanumab as a potentially transformative opportunity for Biogen. We too remain optimistic about what this therapy and our broader Alzheimer's franchise will present for us as a company and mostly for all the patients we serve. Importantly, we aim to demonstrate that we can advance a broader world-class neuroscience pipeline beyond just Alzheimer's disease. In order to deliver positive results in the near term, while investing in the next stage of growth for Biogen, we will focus on the following five strategic priorities. One, maximizing the resilience of our MS core business to drive strong cash flow generation. Two, accelerating our efforts in spinal muscular atrophy to shift towards significant new growth opportunities. Three, developing and expanding our neuroscience portfolio to create the future growth engines of Biogen, Mike will discuss. Four, reprioritizing our capital allocation efforts to drive investment for future growth. And five, creating a leaner and simpler operating model to streamline our operation as we aim to redirect up to $400 million towards high value creation R&D and commercial opportunities. Let me start with our first strategic priority, MS. Biogen is the clear leader with over 340,000 patients benefiting from our therapies today. We are focused on areas where we can improve as we prepare for the marketplace to become increasingly competitive with new entrants and generic products. We are committed to maximizing the resilience of our MS core by evolving our operating model and continuing to invest in MS-focused R&D. Specifically, we are transitioning to a portfolio centric customer first model to better meet the needs of patients, health care providers, payers and all the stakeholders in the value chain. We also aim to further differentiate our leadership in MS through services, solutions and business model innovations. We are committed to improving physician engagement and providing deeper patient support to help patients manage their disease. And we are proud of Biogen's leadership position in fostering value-based contracting. We recognize that price and access to treatments are key consideration for patients, providers, payers and policymakers. We aim to improve quality of care and expand access to our products by shifting from transactional to value-based contracting. As the MS market leader, we are well positioned to benefit the most from progress in diagnosing and managing the disease, including early identification of patients requiring high efficacy. We are working to advance the overall treatment paradigm by promoting the use of MRI, cognitive measures and innovative technology to better diagnose and monitor the disease. For example, we are collaborating with Siemens to develop new MRI tools and hope to expand the utilization of the MS Performance Test, an iPad-based app we developed in collaboration with Cleveland Clinic. We remain committed to investing in R&D for MS to address key unmet needs, including developing opicinumab as a remyelinating therapy, advancing, advancing new DMTs with superior profiles working to address progressive form of MS and researching new approaches for preventing, diagnosing and managing PML. In summary, we are optimizing our commercial operating model investing in new customer solution, demonstrating leadership through innovative contracting approaches and continuing to drive new scientific advancements. We believe this strategy will support a healthy, resilient MS business for Biogen. Next, let's speak about our second strategic priority. SPINRAZA is already off to a very promising start making a real difference to the lives of patients. It continues to exceed expectation in the U.S. and gains approvals in large geographies such as Europe, Japan and Canada. We believe we can accelerate our success to drive near-term growth and position Biogen for long-term leadership in SMA by increasing access to SPINRAZA globally with particular opportunities in Asia-Pacific and Latin America, strengthening SPINRAZA's profile with real-world data in additional subpopulations including teens and adults, accelerating diagnosis and newborn screening through disease awareness and education, reducing treatment burden such as optimizing the dose and exploring additional treatment option such as gene therapy and symptomatic therapies. Overall, we believe SPINRAZA will become one of our largest commercial assets shifting the center of gravity for Biogen beyond MS to generate new growth. Mike will now discuss our R&D strategy for creating new growth engines by developing and expanding our neuroscience portfolio, and I will be back to close on capital and resource allocation.
Michael D. Ehlers, M.D., Ph.D. - Biogen, Inc.: Thanks, Michel. Our strategy is rooted in the fact that the unmet need in neuroscience is massive. With an aging population leading to a significant increase in the number of patients globally that are expected to suffer from nervous system disorders, many of which currently have limited or no treatment options. Biogen has a long history in neurology and has built up substantial core competencies in the area. It is our belief that no other area of medicine holds as much promise with as much need as neuroscience. The opportunity space is vast, and the time is right. With an ongoing revolution in basic neurobiology, human genetics, biomarkers, patient stratification and neuroimaging, an increasing receptivity to new clinical endpoints and regulatory paths, we believe that all signs point to neuroscience as the next oncology. Yet, for most companies, it is either not an area of focus or represents an opportunistic play. Our view is that success in neuroscience requires intense focus and that opportunistic approaches will not maximize value. There is a need for a leader in neuroscience. Our goal is to be that leader. To that end and recognizing that as a therapeutic area in the field of biomedicine, neuroscience is large with many intersecting disciplines. Our strategy is to concentrate on the four core growth areas Michel mentioned: MS and neuroimmunology, Alzheimer's disease and dementias, Parkinson's disease and related-movement disorders, and neuromuscular disease including SMA and ALS. We believe we can accomplish leadership by acting on the following strategic initiatives. First, building a translational machine in neuroscience to increase the probability of success for transitioning from the lab all the way to the market. Second, investing in assets and capabilities in our prioritized growth areas. Third, substantially augmenting our pipeline to emphasize both innovation and risk balance. To the first point, we believe that our translational capabilities are increasingly changing the probabilities of success across neuroscience. We are gaining a better understanding of genetics and mechanisms of action. Disease models are improving. We are developing insights from longitudinal studies of populations, and we continue to invest heavily in biomarkers for disease pathology and progression. For example, we are mining our clinical data in experimental electrophysiological endpoints in ALS, yielding clinical measures with the potential to enable trials that are half the size, twice the speed and a third the cost. In Parkinson's disease, our advanced imaging biomarker investments are allowing patient selection and detection of disease progression that has not previously been possible. Fueling this translational machine, we've identified genetic modifiers and causal pathways that are providing proprietary insight to produce our next generation of drug candidates. Meanwhile, we are already witnessing advances in technology with new modalities that can be unlocked such as antisense oligonucleotides, new delivery routes such as intrathecal and advanced imaging. Furthermore, we have established some of the best scientific base relationships with regulators and are seeing accelerated pathways to approval and openness to new endpoints. For our second strategic initiative, to build the industry's leading neuroscience portfolio we are committed to reinvesting for growth. Our approach to develop and expand our pipeline builds on deep scientific and clinical knowledge. We will invest in the four core growth areas that Michel and I previously described. Within these areas, we see an opportunity to leverage Biogen's capabilities and rebalance pipeline risk by emphasizing rare neurological and neuromuscular disease, including genetic subtypes of more common diseases such as Parkinson's disease, ALS and telepathies (42:03). We also see further opportunity in the emerging growth areas Michel mentioned: pain, ophthalmology, neuropsychiatry and acute neurology. Where we are able to leverage commonalities and synergies in biological mechanism, disease pathophysiology and clinical populations. We will use multiple treatment platforms in an agnostic manner; small molecules, biologics, antisense oligonucleotides, intrathecal administration and gene therapy, taking advantage whenever possible of our unique capabilities such as in biologics and intrathecal antisense oligonucleotides. To the third point, we recognize that we have a highly innovative pipeline, and as a consequence it may seem risky and heavily-weighted towards just a few indications. Our strategy includes pursuing areas where real innovation is required and where success means pioneering new approaches and opening new areas of medicine, much like we have done with SPINRAZA in SMA. At the same time, our strategy includes taking a thoughtful and conscious approach to rebalancing risk in our portfolio. This means, one, continuing our scientific leadership across our core franchises of MS and SMA. This includes development of DMTs with superior profiles, as well as pursuing next-generation therapeutics in remyelination, muscle enhancement and gene therapy that leverages our substantial strengths. Two. Increasing our emphasis on rare and orphan diseases and particularly rare neurological and neuromuscular disease where the probability of success is higher and speed to approval is faster. Our pursuit of BIIB092, the anti-tau monoclonal antibody in progressive supranuclear palsy provides an initial example of this approach. Three. Broadening our lens of opportunity in the pipeline across neuroscience, including the emerging growth areas of pain, ophthalmology, neuropsychiatry and acute neurology. Four, pursuing patient-centric franchises. Here what I mean is developing a portfolio that addresses multiple features of a given disease. So in addition to disease-modifying therapies, we will search for additional symptomatic solutions and therapeutic improvements in our core areas. And five, acquiring late-stage assets where possible. Although our emphasis and asymmetric capability to extract value rests in identifying early-stage clinical assets, we intend to stay vigilant and proactive in evaluating later-stage opportunities. As we develop and expand the Biogen portfolio, we're also working to increase overall productivity at every stage, and we will implement a more robust external pipeline strategy that includes asset acquisitions, development partnerships for resource flexibility and early innovation partnerships. It is important to note that we believe the future growth we can generate from our neuroscience portfolio is not solely contingent on aducanumab but rather complemented by it. As we rebalance the portfolio, we plan to expand and enhance our opportunity set to diversify beyond aducanumab as the predominant value driver for the future of Biogen. While we continue to see tremendous opportunity for our Alzheimer's disease franchise, we believe we can achieve our aspiration of becoming the fastest-growing large cap biotech even without aducanumab. In order to create new growth drivers for Biogen, we aim to bring in and advance several assets through development over the next few years. Our aspiration is to grow our late-stage pipeline from two assets in Phase 3 today to substantially more in Phase 3 or filing-ready by the end of 2021. In summary, we remain focused on neuroscience but are widening our lens of potential opportunities. Our strategy takes a multipronged approach to both expand and derisk our pipeline including an increased emphasis on business development and diversification across both disease area and therapeutic approach. And to achieve all of this, we are working to enhance our internal R&D capabilities to increase both productivity and the probability of success. With a clear strategy in place, we are laser-focused on execution and delivering the portfolio. I'll now turn the call back to Michel.
Michel Vounatsos - Biogen, Inc.: Thank you, Mike. Turning to capital allocation, as we move forward our new priority for capital deployment is to invest in building our pipeline across our core growth areas and emerging growth areas. We will explore deals of all sizes, and we remain disciplined in our approach. We look to deploy capital to generate returns meaningfully above our cost of capital. We view investment in growth as our top priority, but we also recognize the value of opportunistically returning excess capital to shareholders through share repurchases. Our final strategic priority is to implement a plan for a lean and simple operating model which we believe can unlock resources that can be reallocated to help fund our prioritized investment for growth. We expect that by 2019 up to $400 million annually will be available to redirect towards prioritize R&D and commercial value creation opportunities. Before I conclude, let me discuss our biosimilars business. We are excited about the potential value of both our commercial assets in Europe and our option to increase our investment in our JV, Samsung Bioepis. Biosimilars are an important contributor to our growth while not being at the core of our neuroscience focus. Our plan is to use any positive cash flow from our commercial operation and the JV to reinvest in our core growth strategy. Now let me summarize our strategy to deliver in the short term while investing for medium- and long-term value creation. We are focused and committed to maximizing the resilience of our MS core business. We expect SMA to generate significant growth, accelerated by geographic diversification. We believe our core business is capable of generating significantly increased cash flow to invest for growth. We aim to expand and develop our neuroscience portfolio across our core growth areas and emerging growth areas. We believe we can build our pipeline while at the same time rebalancing the risk profile of our portfolio. Our capital allocation is focused on enhancing our pipeline for future growth, and we aim to free up to $400 million a year in resources that we can reinvest. Lastly, there is an overarching theme that I believe will be key to implementing our strategy. We are building a new management team with diverse global expertise and execution mind-set and our actions will continue to speak for themselves. So far this year, we've continued to grow our MS business. We delivered a strong start to our SPINRAZA launch. We added two high-value assets to our pipeline. We passed 50% enrollment for aducanumab. We executed four value-based MS contracts here in the U.S. and we increased our biosimilars revenue in Europe. We intend to continue this momentum. In closing, I would like to thank our employees around the world who are dedicated to making a positive impact on patients' lives and all of the physicians, caregivers and participants in our clinical development programs, the past and future achievements could not be realized without their passion and commitment. I am excited about our path forward on this promising journey. With our team and all of you, there is a need for a leader in neuroscience. Our goal is to be that leader. With that, we'll open the call for questions.
Operator: Your first question comes from the line of Geoff Meacham, Barclays. Please go ahead.
Geoff Meacham - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Good morning, guys. Thanks for the question and all the strategic detail. And I'll keep it just to one question. So you touched on this but, Michel and Michael, I wanted to ask you about the clinical risk here when you look at the biz dev. I think most investors acknowledge the high-impact nature of the pipeline but the risk profile and probability of success in Alzheimer's and stroke in particular I think is the main uncertainty. So when you think about external biz dev, how much of an emphasis is there on clinical risk over things like diversification and impact? And when you look to say the orphan space, do you think more broadly SPINRAZA will provide a template for a bigger franchise in the rare disease space? Thanks a lot.
Michel Vounatsos - Biogen, Inc.: So before I give the floor to Mike, this is Michel. So we want to have a strategy that is a bit more hedged. There are different combination of factors in the different vertical that you heard in neuroscience that were communicated by Mike, including clinical development risks, time line, P&L risk, capital allocation, regulatory or payer. But now coming back precisely to your question, Mike will give you more details.
Michael D. Ehlers, M.D., Ph.D. - Biogen, Inc.: Yes. Geoff, I think this is a great question and the nature of it highlights exactly what we're trying to do. We are looking very closely at clinical risk. We're looking to diversify that a bit. We think that SPINRAZA does provide an excellent template of what we can do in rare and orphan disease. When we look at this as development, we're going to look at very closely at this area in rare and orphan. We also want to make some of this risk a little bit less codependent which is areas that may not  where the risk isn't the same across different clinical populations so we're looking at that. And then I mentioned a little bit about trying to pursue patient-centered franchises which is kind of addressing things across patient areas where we've got known expertise. Whether that's symptomatics and Alzheimer's disease, whether it's muscle enhancement and SMA, those are the kind of things we're going to look to diversify and mitigate clinical risk in the portfolio.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Eric Schmidt with Cowen & Company. Please go ahead.
Eric Schmidt - Cowen & Co. LLC: Congrats on a great start to the year. I was hoping, Michel, could just talk a little bit more about capital allocation. It sounds like the shift from share repurchases to one of biz dev priorities is emphasizing maybe more growth over value. Can you talk about why you perhaps no longer view your stock as a good investment? Or also whether the dividend or any discussion of a dividend is off the table for the foreseeable future? Thank you.
Michel Vounatsos - Biogen, Inc.: Thanks for the good question, Eric. So as alluded, the third strategic priority is to develop and expand our neuroscience portfolio. We believe that this is a future growth engines for the company. But you know, we will obviously do that with the objective to maximize shareholder returns. We will absolutely deploy this capital where the internal rate of return will exceed our weighted average cost of capital and we will look all the time at R&D, commercial acquisitions as well as returning capital to shareholders, okay? So we don't exclude returning capital to shareholders. We will evaluate that while we see the opportunities.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Umer Raffat with Evercore ISI. Please go ahead.
Umer Raffat - Evercore ISI: Hi, guys. Thanks for taking my question. Michel, so on the call today you mentioned a possible potential inflection point in the early 2020s. And you also talked about resilience in the MS base business and the growth in SPINRAZA. So my question is this, do you think you can grow top-line through that possible inflection early 2020s even if you excluded the contribution from biosimilars?
Michel Vounatsos - Biogen, Inc.: So you know, the facts and the way we did outline the strategy fully speaks for itself in terms of ability for Biogen to implement well on the opportunities we have to continue to drive MS and to accelerate the efforts in SMA. And we believe there are significant opportunities as explained. And if we continue implementing well, MS is a growing market. There are half of the patients being treated than actual prevalence in the U.S. So we decided not to give long-term forward guidance on these measures that you ask, but we are confident in our ability to continue to implement well and deliver on the expected performance. And, yes, it is true that at the same time there is an articulation whereby we have the readouts of very important studies. But we'll not wait for that. As we said all along, we will continue to develop and expand our portfolio, and therefore there will be some capital allocation prioritization efforts, including potentially some BD. So this is what we are working towards.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Geoff Porges with Leerink Partners. Please go ahead.
Geoffrey C. Porges - Leerink Partners LLC: Thanks very much. Mike, a lot of people have been asking about the interim look on the aducanumab trials. You amended the protocol, as you described, for the APoE4 carriers. Could you talk about the advisability and likelihood of an interim look? And whether that's something that would be disclosed to you or to us at the time? Thanks.
Michael D. Ehlers, M.D., Ph.D. - Biogen, Inc.: Yes, Geoff. Thanks for the question and interest. We just don't comment about interim analysis, so I really have no more to say on that one.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ying Huang with Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Please go ahead.
Ying Huang - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Hi. Good morning. Thanks for taking my question, and congrats on the quarter. Michel, you mentioned that the global MS patients increased 4% versus last year. So do you think that's a long-term market trend? And also what do you think OCREVUS would do? Because if I do my math, it seems that the drop in TYSABRI revenue in the U.S. this quarter is way less than what we saw from the increase in the OCREVUS launch. So does that mean actually OCREVUS would at least in the near term expand the MS market? I was wondering if you can talk about that. Thank you.
Michel Vounatsos - Biogen, Inc.: Yes. This is what I anticipate. Your competitor is your best friend, mostly when you get 24% royalties in the largest market. So we have seen in the U.S. a contraction in 2016 of the market. And we assume that the market will resume back to low-single-digit growth in the U.S. and high-single-digit growth in Europe geographies. So I anticipate that with the PPMS label and all the patients from the sidelines, there is logically an opportunity to see the market regain some momentum. And concerning TYSABRI, you know it's 10 years of post-marketing experience with a very well documented beneficiaries proposition for the providers and for the patients that had the time to experience the efficacy of this product. I was in USC last week, and I was reminded by all the physicians on the perceived unsurpassed efficacy on this product. So it speaks for itself, and I believe that TYSABRI will continue to do well, but we have seen some erosion and so be it for high titer JCV that will switch to OCREVUS. But let's keep in mind that when they switch from TYSABRI to OCREVUS, it's not an easy switch. What I hear and as anticipated is that some of the patients see a rebound in the disease symptomatology, and they do communicate that to the providers. So this is clearly an element that we see. So I hope I did answer with a few measures  the dynamic, your question.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ronny Gal with Bernstein. Please go ahead.
Aharon Gal - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: Good morning, and thanks for taking my question. I would like to turn to SPINRAZA for a second. Now that you kind of know a little bit more about the market dynamics in the United States, patients with spinal fusion and so forth, can you give us a feel for the applicable market size for SPINRAZA as you see it today? And as long we're following that, you've not really mentioned time lines for bringing your own gene therapy to the marketplace. Can you describe that time line? And how you would compete with potential gene therapy between the current state and when you have your own program coming to market?
Michel Vounatsos - Biogen, Inc.: Yes. So I will take the first part, and then I will let Mike on the gene therapy comment. So, when I travel in the different geographies and I get to meet scientific leaders and I talk to advocacy groups, it appears that the epidemiology and the prevalence might be slightly higher than what we anticipated. This is what I hear from different geographies. So we are very pleased with the launch progress, and we see infrastructure and patient access improving. The patients pools and demand is certainly a very good support to this momentum, and importantly, we are making some good progress with the late onset. And keep in mind that the later onset represents 80% of the prevalence. So we are now with regulatory approval beyond the U.S. unlocking new patient pools broadly, and the testimony from the patient is critical. And this is a community that basically communicates extremely well. Patients and family are very well informed, motivated and they demand treatment. So what we've said in the call is that we believe that SPINRAZA will become one of our most important commercial assets.
Michael D. Ehlers, M.D., Ph.D. - Biogen, Inc.: So, Ronny, I'll try to answer the question about gene therapy. So, first, we're very excited about our Penn collaboration. Obviously we stay closely aware of clinical results as they're being presented in the field by AveXis, an example. We think we're making good progress. We believe that we will be able to get to the clinic next year. We see a path forward. We're making a considerable investment in our development capabilities, our regulatory strategy, all the analytics and manufacturing technologies that go around this, and we're quite committed to solutions including gene therapy solutions for all SMA patients.
Michel Vounatsos - Biogen, Inc.: So just an additional comment, but I would like to give the floor first to Paul McKenzie, our Head of Manufacturing, will say a few words.
Paul McKenzie - Biogen, Inc.: Right. Thanks for the question. Great to hear your voice. Looking forward to the challenges of gene therapy. As we know, across the industry many companies are wrestling, like us, with gene therapy, its scalability, it's analytical challenges and our regulatory path forward. We've been investing specifically in growing our development engine in collaboration with our early partners like Penn where we're co-locating resources between the two companies, learning from each other actively. We believe that we can build a development engine that will drive success across our portfolio of gene therapy entities. And as we've announced at the end of last year, we went into a strategic agreement with Brammer Bio for manufacturing capabilities so we could co-develop and leverage a manufacturing platform across our entire portfolio. So we're excited about our possibilities in gene therapy.
Michel Vounatsos - Biogen, Inc.: Thank you, Paul. Al Sandrock would like to make a comment.
Alfred W. Sandrock, Jr., M.D., Ph.D. - Biogen, Inc.: Hi, Ronny. On the question about prevalence, the most common type of SMA based on incidence is Type 1, and we know we affect survival in Type 1 patients. So the prevalence has to go up overall for SMA, if that's true.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Robyn Karnauskas with Citigroup. Please go ahead.
Robyn Karnauskas - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Hi, guys. Thanks for taking my question, and congrats on a great quarter. So, just a follow-up, Al, with that comment. So the point about the percentage of people who can't get treated, is that a new data point? Did you know that a certain percentage of patients could not get the intrathecal injection? And did you say it's about only 40% that might be eligible? So is the number, the original number as a prevalence that you put out there, would that go down because a lot of those patients can't be treated? And just a quick question on the EAP patients. Are those patients that would be paying patients going forward, or have they gotten their drug already? Would they be getting drug in the future? Thanks.
Alfred W. Sandrock, Jr., M.D., Ph.D. - Biogen, Inc.: Yes. The plan on EAP is to eventually  it was meant to bridge between getting the results, the positive results, and getting approval and reimbursement in those countries. So it's meant to be that bridge, and eventually we anticipate the EAP patients will be on the drug in the commercial setting. And in terms of people who can't get the drug, the types of people who can't get the drug were people who had spinal surgery, for example, spinal fusions, are having trouble medically to get the drug. And a lot of those are Type 2 patients, childhood onset patients. And so we're working through how to  we're working with orthopedic and neurosurgeons on trying to figure out how to get drug to those patients who deserve to be treated because they're childhood onset, and we have data that shows that childhood onset SMA responds well to SPINRAZA. And in terms of others who can't get it, I think you might be referring to those who get reimbursed. And we're working through that. We don't have a lot of data in adult onset patients so consequently, there are some questions from payers. But we're going to be addressing those questions. And remember, we have a broad label in the U.S. Many of those patients are getting treated, and we'll see if we can see efficacy in those patients as they get treated per the U.S. label.
Michel Vounatsos - Biogen, Inc.: So, this is Michel. The uptake so far was strong, and we just want to send a word of caution here because, yes, effectively 80% or 60% of the Type 2 population basically had or has spinal surgery and eventually, just let's put ourselves in the shoes of Type 2 patients, either patients who had the fusion surgery and is aware now of the ability of a product like SPINRAZA and how motivated and also frustrated. And therefore, together with the medical community, they try to find solutions. Let me give you an example of one center close to where we stand here, the Boston Children's Hospitals. They have an strategy plan in place. They have an internal team that is well assigned to SMA. They have processes in place to manage through all the logistics. They are battling with the payers in order to secure access and reimbursement. And they are working now on the solutions so that they can appropriately dose the more complicated patients. It starts with the right leadership, the right commitment, and providers here are our allies in order to find solutions for those patients. But, again, we just want to say, we won't be able to penetrate as strong as one would wish in this population because of this challenge.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Matthew Harrison with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Matthew K. Harrison - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Great. Good morning. Thanks for taking the questions. So, Michel, you clearly outlined a lot of flexibility in what you could do from both the pipeline and the revenue side, and I think you struck a tone of confidence here on the business, but you also decided not to give any kind of long-term metrics. Can you just comment on why you didn't give any long-term metrics at this point? And if there is a time, or what needs to change for you to feel comfortable to give some long-term metrics? Thanks.
Michel Vounatsos - Biogen, Inc.: So, listen. I think that the process that together with the executive team, we worked on during the past six months has been a very rich and fascinating journey to try to define what will be the next step for Biogen. I am in charge since six months, and I think that already what we communicate here is pretty solid, and should give you an indication on how we see Biogen evolve. And we decided that for the time being this is good. Obviously, we have our plans, we have our commitments and we're going to execute on those. But here you have a clear view on the strategy, meaning what we consciously decide to do and not to do and this is what we communicated today.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Alethia Young with Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
Alethia Young - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Hey, guys. Thanks for taking my question. Congrats on starting off the biotech tape with a good quarter. I guess just going to SMA again, kind of in the point of the center for people who were early adopters, do you see people going back to use the drug? And also like what's been the general feedback as far as educating and getting people comfortable with intrathecal injections? Thanks.
Michel Vounatsos - Biogen, Inc.: So what we see is a learning curve. Remember, those centers did not perform in intrathecally  intrathecal injections and mostly injections and very often for infants. And what we see is capability being built around this pool of patients pressed by the patients, tremendously pressed by the patients and the advocacy group. And what we see is a learning curve and when they dedicate personnel infrastructure, we expect depth to increase over time in those key centers. Remember at the outset, what we always said with a lot of caution since day one, and we continue to be very cautious about the ramp up is that there are approximately 30 key SMA centers and 150 neuromuscular centers. And you see that where we stand today, we have 145 centers dosing the product. We've made substantial progress, and now it's a matter of having those centers performing more and more so that the patients can benefit.
Alfred W. Sandrock, Jr., M.D., Ph.D. - Biogen, Inc.: Pediatric neurologists generally  I mean they're comfortable putting a needle in the intrathecal space, but usually to withdraw fluid for diagnostic purposes. So I think early on many centers were asking anesthesiologists and interventional radiologists who are more used (01:11:23) but I suspect that as time goes on, as Michel was saying, with the learning curve, that people will start to get comfortable injecting because usually the hard part is to find the intrathecal space (01:11:35) drawing versus adding fluid, there's not that much of a technical difference.
Michel Vounatsos - Biogen, Inc.: Thank you, Al.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Terence Flynn with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Terence Flynn - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Hi. Thanks for taking the question. Michel, when you referred to a leaner and simpler operating model, I'm just wondering if that just assumes a redirection of some SG&A spend to R&D or does that also contemplate any potential SG&A cuts that could impact your margins positively? Thanks.
Michel Vounatsos - Biogen, Inc.: Thank you for the question. Listen, the world and technology are evolving very fast and the question is pharma companies evolving at the same pace or faster pace, and how is Biogen in that space? Where do we stand versus pharma benchmarks and beyond pharma benchmarks? And, yes, we have done a lot of cost measure in the past, but when you peel the onion and look at the reality of the key processes, the ability for cost moves to the key geographies and patients, the key processes on manufacturing, R&D, using channels and benefiting from technology or procurement, there are plenty of opportunities to be leaner and more simple and to be the biotech that we stand for. The one that everybody wants to copy. This is why looking at the opportunity here across all divisions and functions we stated this opportunity of $400 million run rate as per 2019 that we are going in order to be logical with our strategy that we are going to reinvest in value creation opportunities that will benefit the shareholders. But I would like Paul to say a few words as head of manufacturing, how he sees the lean and simple.
Paul McKenzie - Biogen, Inc.: Great, thanks, Michel. Thanks, Terence for the question. Now, to Michel's point, we really believe that if we can take  stand back, we have a great track record of developing and delivering high-quality products to the market. But when we look at our fundamental processes there's always opportunity to improve. There's areas like end-to-end planning in terms of how much time we take from start, raw material to patient. How can we improve our overall cycle times? How can we reduce variability to be successful? Reliability is a key focus of our manufacturing teams. How can we ensure that we're reliable day in and day out and really manage to make reliability a key strategic deliverable moving forward. We believe in resource allocation and the use of resources to drive higher use of technology, whether it's algorithmic planning for inventory, or whether it's process control. And the last one I want to highlight is really our zest to deliver industry platforms for all of our technology areas. Just want to highlight our next-generation manufacturing platform that creates an ecosystem from our interface to R&D out to our day-to-day distribution. But next-generation manufacturing we hope and we believe we can deliver consistently titers in monoclonal antibody space, be it above 10 grams per liter, which we will be the first in the industry we believe to deliver that level of titer.
Michel Vounatsos - Biogen, Inc.: Thank you, Paul. So basically it's all about fitness for the organization, and how can we enhance the level of speed and decision-making, proximity, agility. In the P&L, you can expect to see neutral impact on the contribution in bottom-line, but a potential shift from SG&A to R&D. And last but not least, I would like to say that based on this fitness, we want to stimulate growth momentum, but the cost discipline at Biogen actually will enhance, because we want to be very, very rigorous on how the money is being spent. It's not about focusing the efforts on head count reduction. It's all about fitness and processes.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Michael Yee with Jefferies. Please go ahead.
Michael J. Yee - Jefferies LLC: Hey. Thanks. Good morning. A question for Al and Michael. You talked about the timing for gene therapy next year for SMA. Can you talk a little bit more about some of your confidence in terms of differentiating? Is that going right into the Type 2 patients? Is the improved capsage (01:16:20)? Does it improved manufacturing, given the COGS for these types of patients? Maybe talk a little bit about the challenges and where you see differentiation capabilities? Thanks.
Michael D. Ehlers, M.D., Ph.D. - Biogen, Inc.: Michael, this is Mike. I'll kind of start. Look, at one level we haven't really disclosed our overall strategy in this area. So I can't go into some of this. But, as I mentioned Paul elaborated on, we have put a considerable investment into our development capabilities, our analytical and manufacturing capabilities. And we do see this across the gene therapy space as being a critical point of differentiation. I mentioned that we're committed to solutions for all SMA patients, and I think that's also going to be an important component of potential differentiation in our development strategy. And I would also highlight that because SPINRAZA has become the standard of care and is approved quite broadly in SMA, we need to think very carefully about how different therapies will be used in combination and in sequence across different SMA populations. So that in a nutshell is sort of highlighting the broad categories of things where we think that we can differentiate.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Cory Kasimov with JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Cory W. Kasimov - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Hey. Good morning, guys, and thanks for taking my questions. So, when you talk about building through business development, I'm just curious how much financial flexibility or buying power you believe you have with your current balance sheet, assuming you're taking  you're not doing as much in terms of share buybacks and stuff and focusing on BD? Thanks.
Michel Vounatsos - Biogen, Inc.: So, we have an EBITDA that is in approximation of $6 billion, if you take 2016. And we anticipate that the maximum yield would likely be in the approximation of $10 billion to $12 billion, which is two times the EBITDA on a net debt basis. This is where we stand basically. But again, the driver will be value for the shareholders, and we'll be very disciplined in the way we spend our money, the shareholders' money actually.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jim Birchenough with Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
Jim Birchenough - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Hey, guys. Thanks for the detail on the call. Congrats on the results. Just on SPINRAZA, trying to get a better sense of the trajectory coming out of the second quarter. And there's some moving parts here. So I'm wondering if you can help us on what's the distribution right now between Type 1, 2 and 3 in patients treated. And when you think about the prevalence that's out there, when you eliminate the 60% who have spinal fusions, how many Type 2 patients are left to treat? Thanks.
Michel Vounatsos - Biogen, Inc.: Thanks for the question. This is Michel. So basically the current status is approximately two-third of the patients treated in the U.S. geography represents Type 2 and Type 3 populations. And this is also the highest prevalent population today, okay? As Al said, over time the early onset will grow based on expected improved survival. So 60% we did not anticipate that a few months ago. So it shows that those patients are highly motivated and now we face the challenge of the more complicated patients for which the entire system is trying to overcome to secure that they can also improve on their disability. So it's actually very difficult for me where I stand to state what will be the expected penetration of the late onset patients at this stage. Basically, the next few months will be very rich because they will inform us on the ability for the system to overcome those challenges. The Biogen team is, as you can tell, fully committed and engaged. They have done a spectacular work. They have not a sense of the strategy. They have the sense of the purpose and this is stronger than anything I have seen so far in my professional life. So to answer clearly your question, a few months and we'll be a bit more educated. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Salim Syed with Mizuho Securities. Please go ahead.
Salim Syed - Mizuho Securities USA, Inc.: Hey. Congrats, guys, and thanks for all the color. Michel, I had a question on biosimilar since you've brought it up a couple times. It seems like you guys are excited about the business. So what are the pushes and pulls that are going into you actually exercising the option because I believe that expires next year if I'm not mistaken?
Michel Vounatsos - Biogen, Inc.: I think exercising the option makes sense. This is my position, okay. And this will give us a lot of optionality on what we do with this stake in a successful JV. As you can see, there is the launch of infliximab in the U.S. being announced today. So there are lot of good prospects for this JV that is engaged in also building a strong pipeline. And we're looking at that very closely so that we can see how we can eventually enrich our commercial footprint. We are very pleased with the success of this team, very focused, very nimble without basically losing the focus on MS as a priority and adding tremendous momentum to the top line but also profitable since Q3 last year. So these are all positives and I will just cap it by saying that from a value proposition vis--vis the public payers in Europe, this is a tremendous add when we engage with payers because we come with new product launches and innovation and at the same time with significant savings opportunity mostly when you consider then the relevant market for the anti-TNF is approximately 9 billion in Europe. So we currently intend to opt in for the JV option and as you know, the option expires in 2018. But we don't lose our focus strategically and I will bring you back to what we said earlier in the call, the vision is to be the leader in neuroscience.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Andrew Peters with Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Andrew Peters - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Hey, guys. Thanks for taking my questions and let me add my congrats as well. Just wanted to understand the $400 million comment a bit more. It seems like you're shifting SG&A to R&D and specifically to external opportunities. So just wanted to get your sense on how you think about taking on additional clinical risk when it could be less likely that any external programs that you may pursue likely haven't done the same degree of translational work that you outlined earlier on the call. So how do you think about kind of your biomarker-type driven approach to risk as it relates to external opportunities? Thanks.
Michel Vounatsos - Biogen, Inc.: Thank you for a great question. So where do we stand? We did initiate the lean and simple a few months back when I took up the job. We are still looking at the opportunities. We have a long list of opportunities so this is to be more fit than what we are today. And we will need now, together with the executive team to prioritize what we do first. And as I communicated earlier, we believe we aspire to have a $400 million run rate in 2018. Well, we are mid-2017 so we still have some time in order to put that in place. Not much. We are starting implementing this year, but I don't have granularity today on the respective impact on each line of the P&L, but certainly we will see key geographies commercially and R&D benefit in order to add to the momentum in the short midterm and the long term, and Mike will add some comments.
Michael D. Ehlers, M.D., Ph.D. - Biogen, Inc.: Yeah. Andrew, so just to address the question on clinical risk and biomarkers that you raised. Look, this is why our primary focus is on things with an early clinical development, the early clinical space. Not exclusively, but that's really the primary, so we're focusing on that. And look, I think that in the areas where we work, we often see opportunities where others might not. We often can develop capabilities and development that others don't have in that space. And that's why we think we do just have asymmetric ability, the more we are in the early clinical space. Of course we're going to look beyond that, though, which there might be later programs, there might be earlier programs. A key element of this reinvestment though for that is the time element, so we're very conscious of the fact that to get to the growth that we're looking in the portfolio where our core skill set is in early clinical development means we need to be acting now to really be able to identify those opportunities and bring them in. I'll turn it to Al for some comments.
Alfred W. Sandrock, Jr., M.D., Ph.D. - Biogen, Inc.: On the question about risk in neurology investment. I think the strategy that was outlined by Michel and Mike makes a lot of sense and it leverages not only our capabilities in terms of understanding of disease, but also platforms like the intrathecal ASO. So just as an example, we just take the movement disorder bucket, there are a lot of rare and orphan diseases. For example, the spinal cerebellar ataxias that are amenable we think to intrathecal ASO. They are genetically well-defined and the pathway could be very similar to the SPINRAZA pathway. In the neuromuscular disorders, there's a ton of diseases that are rare and orphan diseases. Again, and many of those are due to spinal cord pathology which we know now is amenable to intrathecal ASO. So I think within those key strategic core areas that Mike talked about, there's a lot of opportunity and even for large diseases such as ALS or Parkinson's, you can divide them into genetically well-defined subsets and take the very same approach. And I think using the ASO technology, we know that the antisense gets to large parts of the central nervous system, not just the spinal cord. We have data from nonhuman primates and from other places where we know that the ASOs can get all the way up into the brain into the cerebral cortex, so that opens up a whole array of opportunities. So yes, there's risk in neurology and I think it's important to think about that risk and to manage it, but I think there's also great opportunity, particularly when leveraging something like intrathecal ASOs.
Michel Vounatsos - Biogen, Inc.: Thank you, Al. Mike.
Michael D. Ehlers, M.D., Ph.D. - Biogen, Inc.: Yeah, I'll just pick up on that a little bit more, Andrew, because I think you've sparked a lot of interest in commentary there. One thing that I've been very impressed by being here at Biogen is the fact, if you look at Biogen's historical probability of success from FIH to proof of concept in this space, it's roughly four times higher than that of industry benchmarks. So we have a demonstrated ability to actually change the probability of success equation in that space. And Al cited beautiful examples on this. We've seen this before. It was the PRIME study with aducanumab actually imaging patients and stratifying accordingly. It's in the design capabilities, the smart type of design to have titration as part of the PRIME study to be able to inform how we conduct our Phase 3 trials and then responding and executing appropriately. Endpoint development, whether it was in the SPINRAZA program, it made a lot of difference. Or even as we've been envisioning the plans for the opicinumab program. These are the development of novel endpoints that are based on the fact that we have got differentiated expertise in the area.
Michel Vounatsos - Biogen, Inc.: Thank you, Mike. Before we take the last question, I would like to refer to a press release issued yesterday. We have announced Alisha Alaimo that will be joining Biogen at some point of time soon. And we are very excited about this new hire, superb talent with great leadership. We did not yet finalize a date  the starting date, but we are working on that. And here in the room we have Jean-Paul Kress, who is leading the international market and I would like just to extend a welcome. Maybe, do you want to say a few words, Jean-Paul?
Jean-Paul Kress - Biogen, Inc.: Yes. Thanks, Michel, and good morning, everyone. First, I'd like to say how much I'm excited to join Biogen. I come from another company very much involved in MS as well. But I have to say that I've always been very impressed by Biogen's great rack record and leadership in MS and neurosciences. So it's a great pleasure and a great privilege to join the company at this time of renewed ambition. Obviously too early for me to comment and we're still in early days and started like five weeks ago, currently assessing the business, getting a hand on our global commercial organization with a strong focus on strengthening our execution capabilities and reinforcing our MS leadership and launching SPINRAZA globally. So, very much looking forward to interacting with you in the future and provide you with an update on our commercial project.
Michel Vounatsos - Biogen, Inc.: Thank you, Jean-Paul. We are relying on execution. So we have a last question.
Operator: Our final question comes from Brian Skorney with Robert Baird. Please go ahead.
Brian P. Skorney - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: Hey. Good morning, guys, and thanks for squeezing me in. I guess I was just wondering if you could give us some more details on the value-based contracts that you mentioned in MS, particularly, how much of the market these contracts currently represent and some idea of how the value winds up determining the price that you're getting revenue off of? Thanks.
Michel Vounatsos - Biogen, Inc.: Yeah. Thanks for the question. We're extremely pleased that the team was able to foster value-based contract. I said earlier and I was challenged actually by saying but tell me how and it was not easy. The U.S. team has done a spectacular work. We spent time brainstorming on how we could bring the value of an entire portfolio to the customers and to the patient benefit and be in a position to shift the position that where the industry is perceived as being part of a transaction on a cost per product versus satisfaction, versus outcome, versus value, versus being part of the solution. And the team has worked very hard and I did believe into that. I did put that in the scorecard of the organization because I believe that this is what the society deserves and this goes beyond financial measures. It's a matter of providing the value that what we stand for since the outset of the discovery and the clinical development and translating that into the way we operate. So we were able to foster four of them and two types, one that basically gives the company responsibility for some of the discontinuation but the provider and the customer opens immediately to another dynamic in terms of engaging with a partner. And the other one on  the other one is on  I forgot, can you remind me the word?
Michael D. Ehlers, M.D., Ph.D. - Biogen, Inc.: The regional payers and so we've got payer and also Medicaid system.
Michel Vounatsos - Biogen, Inc.: Yeah. One is on discontinuation and one is on relapse of MS. So I apologize, so relapse of MS and therefore for the entire portfolio at the end of the period we see the relapse of MS and then there is basically a higher discounts being provided in case. So these are regional customers. These are pilots. It's for us to try to learn and to measure the impact, bring real world evidence and measure how we move forward from there. It's not a financial objective at the outset, it is just changing the paradigm and being the leader and being more responsible. This is what the industry deserves.
Michel Vounatsos - Biogen, Inc.: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you to everyone for attending today. This will conclude today's conference call, and you may now disconnect.

===== 2017 Q1  (2017-04-26 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Matthew Calistri - Biogen, Inc. Michel Vounatsos - Biogen, Inc. Michael D. Ehlers, M.D., Ph.D. - Biogen, Inc. Paul J. Clancy - Biogen, Inc. Alfred W. Sandrock - Biogen, Inc.
Analysts: Eric Schmidt - Cowen & Co. LLC Geoffrey C. Porges - Leerink Partners LLC Geoff Meacham - Barclays Capital, Inc. Umer Raffat - Evercore Group LLC Ronny Gal - Sanford C. Bernstein Limited Cory W. Kasimov - JPMorgan Securities LLC Ying Huang - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Joshua E. Schimmer - Piper Jaffray & Co. Salim Syed - Mizuho Securities USA, Inc. Alethia Young - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC Terence Flynn - Goldman Sachs & Co. Matthew K. Harrison - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC
Operator: Good morning. My name is Dan and I will be your conference operator today. At this time I would like to welcome everyone to the Biogen first quarter 2017 financial results and business update. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speaker's remarks there will be a question-and-answer session. Thank you. I would now like to turn the conference over to Mr. Matt Calistri, Senior Director, Investor Relations. You may begin your conference.
Matthew Calistri - Biogen, Inc.: Thanks, Dan. Thank you and welcome to Biogen's first quarter 2017 warnings conference call. Before we begin I encourage everyone to go to the Investor section of biogen.com to find the press release and related financial tables, including a reconciliation of the GAAP to non-GAAP financial measures that we'll discuss today. Our GAAP financials are provided in tables one and two. Table three includes a reconciliation of our GAAP to non-GAAP financial results. We believe non-GAAP financial results better represent the ongoing economics of our business and reflect how we manage the business internally. We've also posted slides on our website that follow the discussions related to this call. I would like to point out that we will be making forward-looking statements which are based on our current expectations and beliefs. These statements are subject to certain risks and uncertainties and our actual results may differ materially. I encourage you to consult the risk factors discussed in our SEC filings for additional detail. On today's call I'm joined by our Chief Executive Officer, Michel Vounatsos; Dr. Michael Ehlers, EVP of Research and Development; and our CFO, Paul Clancy. We'll be joined for the Q&A portion of the call by our Chief Medical Officer, Dr. Al Sandrock. Now I'll turn the call over to Michel.
Michel Vounatsos - Biogen, Inc.: Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us today. I am especially pleased to welcome you to this call as the CEO of Biogen. Before I turn to the details of the quarter I would like to share some initial thoughts on how Biogen is positioned today and where we see the company progressing. We do have a differentiated expertise in neuroscience and expect this to remain our core moving forward. We intend to maximize the potential of our R&D assets and bolster our pipeline through both internal and external opportunities. We are focused on flawless commercial execution in our priority geographies across MS, SMA, and biosimilars. We are aligning the organization around these goals including building our senior management team. We want our actions to speak louder than our words. As you will see throughout the rest of the call, I think we are already off to a great start. Q1 was a very good quarter financially and also a quarter with exciting events. For the first quarter of 2017, Biogen generated revenues of $2.8 billion, a 3% increase from the same period a year ago. On an apples-to-apples basis, when we exclude all hemophilia revenues from both period, we grew revenues 8% from the same period a year ago. GAAP earnings were $3.46 a share, a 22% decrease from the same period a year ago, driven by the charge we took related to our settlement and license agreement with Forward Pharma which Paul will discuss later. Non-GAAP EPS was $5.20, a 9% increase versus the same period a year ago. Excluding hemophilia, non-GAAP EPS growth will have been even higher. I am pleased with our results and achievement this quarter. Let me highlight what we think are the key takeaways for the quarter. First, financial performance. We saw continued stability in our MS franchise this quarter with a 38% global market share. MS revenues grew 3% year-over-year. We continued to add patients globally with a 2% increase versus last quarter and a 5% increase versus prior year. Biogen remains the global leader amongst the oral high efficacy and interferon MS therapies. Our SPINRAZA launch is off to a promising start with a first quarter revenue of $47 million. I am very proud of what our team has already accomplished, but we are still in the early days of the launch and have much more to achieve. We will not be satisfied until all of the patients and families that seek this treatment are able to receive therapy. This will take some time and tremendous effort from many, such as the dedicated medical teams that treat SMA, the passionate families, the remarkable advocates that rally for these patients, and our team of committed Biogen professionals, all of whom have been working seemingly nonstop to secure access and building up point of care. Our biosimilars business continued its strong trajectory and grew revenues 25% quarter-over-quarter. Next, I want to talk about non-financial achievement during the quarter. First, we recently enhanced our pipeline with the announcement of the license agreement with Bristol-Myers Squibb for a Phase 2 anti-tau asset which we expect to close this quarter. We believe this transaction positions Biogen to be at the forefront of Alzheimer's research in terms of both mechanisms of action and time to market. I am really proud to see us deliver on this deal and we are just getting started. And with that said, I also want to add that we are working to add more assets our pipeline. Second, we are very pleased with the favorable outcome of the IPR proceeding and the interference. We believe these rulings underscore the strength of our patent portfolio for TECFIDERA. Additionally, we believe this will give us an ability to defend against potential challenges from MMF prodrugs that deliver a similar dose of MMF. Third, we are progressing and prioritizing our pipeline and Mike will be giving you an update. But before I turn it over to Mike, let me provide you with more details on our commercial performance. Starting with MS, first, we believe underlying demand for TECFIDERA remains stable in the U.S. with continued growth overseas. We remain focused on maximizing TECFIDERA's growth potential and we believe we are ready and well equipped to compete in an increasingly crowded market. Second, we are very pleased with the increased demand seen for TYSABRI this quarter in both the U.S. and overseas. Our research indicates a consistently positive benefit to its profile in the eyes of prescribers, and we believe physician confidence in patients' management may be increasing, especially in light of the updated label in Europe. We continue to launch ZINBRYTA in the U.S. and in an increasing number of international markets. We believe ZINBRYTA fulfills an important unmet need for patients transitioning from one of the platform or orals to a high-efficacy agent. Overall, we maintain our global market share in MS. We are committed to resourcing and focusing the Biogen team on maintaining our position as the market leader and growing the business, even with the entrance of new competition. Moving on to biosimilars, BENEPALI is now available in 16 countries with market share growing steadily particularly in Germany, the UK, and Sweden. We estimate there are now 40,000 patients on BENEPALI across Europe and growing. Now on to SPINRAZA. The initial underlying demand has been robust. We notice a solid progress in terms of both infrastructure and insurance coverage. Infrastructure, in the U.S. as of last week, there were 88 sites across 36 states that have administered SPINRAZA and 203 sites that have submitted start forms. These numbers have been increasing every week. Some leading centers are already dosing more than 10 patients, but most sites have only dosed one or two patients so far. From a coverage and reimbursement perspective, there are now over 165 plans that have an approved individual use of SPINRAZA, 100 commercial plans, and 65 Medicaid plans. Broadly speaking, of all the commercially insured lives across the U.S., not just the ones covered by the 100 plans I mentioned, we estimate 75% have a plan with an established policy regarding SPINRAZA and half of those have a policy with broad access. The 65 Medicaid plans I mention span 35 states and approximately 20 of those Medicaid plans have a formal policy in place with about half of the covered life under these policies having a broad access. To date, the majority of the dosed patients are Type 1, and we continue to see approval for Type 2 and Type 3. For plans without a policy or with a restricted Type 1 policy, often patients are still able to get approval through an appeal process or medical necessity request. We will be presenting CHERISH data later today at AAN which includes control data for patients most likely to develop Type 2 and Type 3 SMA. The FDA has already granted a broad label for all SMA patients and it is our hope this new data will convince the payers who have developed narrow medical policies to offer broader access to patients. In the U.S., it continues to be our goal that no patient will forego treatment because of financial limitation or an insurance denial. To date, roughly 25% of units dispensed have been provided through the free drug program. There is plenty of attention on the launch of SPINRAZA in the U.S., but we cannot forget about the demand outside of the U.S. Our expanded access program outside of the U.S. now has 353 Type 1 patients across 20 countries, of which 306 of those patients are in Europe. And last week the CHMP in the EU adopted a positive opinion for SPINRAZA, recommending a broad indication. We are preparing for potential EU markets approval in the coming months. We are also getting ready for potential approvals in Japan and Canada this year and anticipate filing in at least 10 additional countries throughout 2017. It is still early in the SPINRAZA launch, and we have a lot more work to do to get patients in need on therapy. So, all in all, a rich quarter with solid financial performance, stable leadership in MS, a promising launch of SPINRAZA, a steadily growing biosimilar business, progress in business development, and two important patent victories. I now turn it over to Mike for an update on our progress in R&D, the true engine of value creation for the company.
Michael D. Ehlers, M.D., Ph.D. - Biogen, Inc.: Thank you, Michel, and good morning, everyone. Let me start with some broad comments on the evolution of Biogen R&D. I am extremely excited about how we're becoming more entrepreneurial. Our approach is to blend strong science with a medical mindset and an entrepreneurial emphasis on innovation. We will be agnostic to whether we find innovation internally or externally. The goal is to continue our tradition of applying our deep scientific expertise as we aim to discover and develop the very best medicines for patients. We're laser focused on neuroscience and value creating adjacencies. I believe this makes abundant sense and positions Biogen uniquely in this breaking area to leverage our leadership in multiple sclerosis, to capture broad opportunities in neuroscience. There is arguably no bigger area of unmet medical need than diseases of the nervous system, and I believe Biogen has a tremendous competitive advantage to be the leader in this space. The genetics of neurological disorders has exploded yielding critical insight into new therapeutics and we can now measure and monitor disease states of the brain with unprecedented precision. We believe the SPINRAZA experience provides a glimpse of the future for targeting severe neurological disease and we aim to capitalize on this changing paradigm. I'm now going to walk you through the significant progress we made this quarter advancing, prioritize and building out our pipeline. Like the amyloid pathway, we believe tau pathology is central to Alzheimer's disease and other neurodegenerative disorders. Similar to our investments in a-beta antibodies and base inhibition, our commitment to tau is strong. Earlier this month we expanded our portfolio beyond BIIB076 in our preclinical anti-tau, antisense oligonucleotide with Ionis by entering into a licensing agreement with Bristol-Myers Squibb for an advanced tau asset BMS-986168 as Michel mentioned. This new antibody is aimed at lowering tau and slowing progressive diseases such as Alzheimer's disease and progressive supranuclear palsy or PSP, rare and devastating condition that affects movement, speech, vision, and cognitive function. PSP is currently an untreated orphan indication with a tremendous need for an effective therapy. BMS-986168 has shown compelling clinical data, robust lowering of tau in cerebrospinal fluid, and an appropriate benefit/risk profile in a Phase 1 study. We plan to rapidly initiate Phase 2 studies in both Alzheimer's disease and PSP. This licensing agreement reflects one of the most significant external additions to the Biogen pipeline in many years and highlights our heightened activity to seamlessly integrate business development with internal R&D. We expect more pipeline augmentation in the coming months. We also advanced BIIB076 into a Phase 1 trial this quarter. BIIB076 is a human recombinant monoclonal antibody targeting tau that was developed using Neurimmune's reverse translational medicine platform. The study is designed to evaluate safety, tolerability and pharmacokinetics in both healthy volunteers and Alzheimer's disease patients. We continue to advance assets targeting the beta-amyloid pathway, which we believe plays a particularly important role early in the disease course. Phase 3 enrollment for aducanumab is going well and we expect both ENGAGE and EMERGE will be 50% enrolled by mid-May. We anticipate the studies to be fully enrolled by mid-2018. And we're honored that just last week aducanumab received a SAKIGAKE designation by the Ministry of Health, Labor and Welfare in Japan. Under the SAKIGAKE system, the target review period for designated products may be reduced from the standard review period of 12 months to as short as six months. Our collaboration partner Eisai is progressing a Phase 2 study of BAN2401, a humanized a-beta antibody which exhibits a strong binding preference for protofibrils. We expect data from this trial by the end of the year. Also, under our collaboration, Eisai has recently initiated the second Phase 3 study of elenbecestat, an oral BACE inhibitor. Now moving to multiple sclerosis. This week at the 69th annual meeting of the American Academy of Neurology, or AAN in Boston, we will be presenting over 50 presentations and posters from our portfolio of treatments and investigational therapies. Specifically with MS, new data includes real-world evidence that supports TECFIDERA's efficacy profile and we believe underscores the importance of early treatment. Results show TECFIDERA significantly reduced the risk of relapse by 30% compared to teriflunomide in newly diagnosed patients and those previously treated with a prior disease modifying therapy. TECFIDERA also demonstrated comparable efficacy to fingolimod. New data from ENDORSE, a long-term extension study, also affirmed the well-characterized long-term safety profile of TECFIDERA use for up to nine years. New data from the TYSABRI Observational Program, or TOP, shows treatment nave patients who began taking TYSABRI within one year of symptom onset had a significantly greater likelihood of disability improvement than those who initiated treatment later in the course of their disease. Importantly, data also showed patients who continued TYSABRI treatment experienced better clinical outcomes than those who switched to another therapy. Also in MS as part of our ongoing portfolio prioritization effort, we have decided not to advance BIIB061, an oral remyelinating agent, into a Phase 2 MS study, and instead have chosen to prioritize opicinumab, or anti-LINGO. No new data on BIIB061 has driven this decision. We expect to initiate a Phase 2b study for opicinumab in the fourth quarter. After much diligence, we believe the feasibility of running studies for both BIIB061 and opicinumab in similar patient populations would ultimately slow down development for both compounds. We have more robust data and a greater clinical understanding of opicinumab, and thus have chosen to prioritize this program. We're exploring other indications for BIIB061 where remyelination and repair are important. Also, as Michel noted earlier, we will present significant data on SPINRAZA at AAN this week. We believe the overall findings continue to support the robust efficacy and benefit risk profile of SPINRAZA, a suite of remarkable data made possible through our close collaborations Ionis. Specifically, later today, we will present the end-of-study CHERISH results which we believe further demonstrate the meaningful impact SPINRAZA can have in individuals with later-onset SMA. CHERISH was a Phase 3 study designed to assess the efficacy and safety of SPINRAZA in individuals most likely to develop Type 2 or Type 3 SMA. The end-of-study analysis demonstrated a statistically significant and clinically meaningful improvement in motor function as assessed by the treatment difference of 4.9 points in the mean change from baseline to month 15 in the Hammersmith Functional Motor Scale Expanded. From baseline to month 15, individuals who received SPINRAZA achieved a 3.9 point mean improvement while individuals who were not on treatment experienced a mean decline of one point. Data from the other endpoints analyzed including upper limb motor function and attainment of new motor milestones were consistently in favor of children who received treatment. No patients discontinued the study due to adverse events and the results demonstrated a favorable benefit/risk profile. This Thursday, we will present new interim data from the Phase 2 NURTURE study evaluating SPINRAZA for the treatment of infants under six weeks old with genetically diagnosed and pre-symptomatic SMA at initiation of treatment. At the time of the interim analysis, 20 infants were enrolled for a median of 317 days and all infants in the study were alive and none required respiratory intervention. Additionally, most infants achieved motor milestone and growth parameter gains generally consistent with normal development such as head control, independent sitting, standing, and walking independently. These results are dramatically different from the known course of SMA infants with Type 1 SMA where motor milestone achievement of any sort is absent. In this study, no infants have discontinued or withdrawn from the study due to adverse events and no new safety concerns have been identified. These results are encouraging and we believe continue to highlight the need for newborn screening. Importantly as we look to expand our presence in SMA, we are also excited about the potential for gene therapy as a complementary mechanism. Through our collaboration with the University of Pennsylvania, we plan to advance our SMA gene therapy program into the clinic by the first half of next year. We're also working to advance BIIB074 for neuropathic pain. We recently completed the topline data analyses of the exploratory Phase 2a in erythromelalgia, a disease characterized by Nav 1.7 mutations. In this study, of the seven patients analyzed, no statistically significant treatment effect was observed for the primary or secondary endpoints and the variability in the responses was notable. No new safety signals were observed. We're planning to initiate another Phase 2 study in small fiber neuropathy towards the end of this year as we continue to explore multiple potential indications for this asset. We have previously seen compelling efficacy signals for BIIB074 in Phase 2 studies of both trigeminal neuralgia and painful lumbo-sacral radiculopathy or PLSR. Results for trigeminal neuralgia were recently published in Lancet Neurology. We continue to enroll the Phase 2b PLSR study with data expected next year. For trigeminal neuralgia, we now intend to initiate the Phase 3 studies simultaneously in the U.S. and Europe. As a result, we now expect patient enrollment to begin in 2018. Lastly, in our effort to develop new therapies for neurologic diseases, we believe there is opportunity in stroke. We expect the follow-on Phase 2b dose ranging study for natalizumab in acute ischemic stroke, ACTION 2, to be fully enrolled this year and hope to share the results shortly thereafter. We're making good progress advancing our early clinical pipeline with 13 programs in Phase 1 or Phase 2 development. I look forward to sharing updates on these programs as they progress. Overall, I'm very excited about our pipeline, but good is never good enough. We'd like to see more later-stage candidates. We aim to continue prioritizing the most promising assets while looking externally to expand our pipeline. With that, I will now pass the call to Paul.
Paul J. Clancy - Biogen, Inc.: Thanks, Mike. Our GAAP diluted earnings per share were $3.46 in the first quarter. GAAP EPS was negatively impacted by $1.22 related to the settlement and license with Forward Pharma in the U.S. PTO ruling in favor of Biogen in the interference proceeding. Our non-GAAP diluted earnings per share were $5.20 in the first quarter, an increase of 9% versus prior year. Total revenue for Q1 increased 3% year-over-year to approximately $2.8 billion. Excluding hemophilia revenues from both periods, total revenue grew 8%. Global first quarter TECFIDERA revenues were $958 million. This included revenues of $751 million in the U.S., an increase of 1% versus Q1 last year, and $207 million outside the U.S., an increase of 3% versus Q1 last year. On a sequential basis, U.S. TECFIDERA revenues were negatively impacted by approximately $50 million to $60 million due to lower levels of inventory at the specialty pharmacies. Interferon revenues, including both AVONEX and PLEGRIDY were $648 million during the first quarter, a decrease of 3% versus Q1 last year. This included $465 million in the U.S. and $184 million in sales outside the U.S. TYSABRI worldwide revenues were $545 million this quarter, an increase of 14% versus Q1 last year. This included $306 million in the U.S. and $239 million outside the U.S. Outside the U.S., Q1 TYSABRI revenue benefited by approximately $45 million, due to reaching an agreement with the price and reimbursement committee of the Italian National Medicines Agency related to prior periods. SPINRAZA revenues for Q1, its first full quarter on the market, were strong as we reported $47 million. SPINRAZA U.S. revenue was $46 million. This represents very strong underlying demand combined with some natural inventory build as the launch ramps. We estimate that less than $10 million of the SPINRAZA revenue was due to inventory that was built up in the channel in the U.S. We also had $1 million in sales outside the U.S. related to named patient sales. Hemophilia revenues for the sub-period, prior to the spinoff of Bioverativ, were $74 million. Our biosimilar business generated $66 million in revenue this quarter. Anti-CD20 revenues were $341 million for Q1 and total other revenues were $90 million. Now turning to the expense lines on the P&L. Both Q1 GAAP and non-GAAP cost of goods sold were $385 million or 14% of revenue. Q1 GAAP R&D expense was $423 million or 15% of revenue. Q1 non-GAAP R&D was $421 million, also 15% of revenue, a decrease on a sequential basis as we had no meaningful milestone payments or BD activity in Q1, and as the Phase 3 studies for SPINRAZA wound down. Q1 GAAP SG&A expense was $499 million or 18% of revenue. Q1 non-GAAP SG&A was $483 million or 17% of revenue. Both GAAP and non-GAAP other net expense was $38 million in Q1. In Q1, our GAAP tax rate was approximately 24% and our non-GAAP tax rate was approximately 23%, which includes some modest favorability from discrete tax items related to Q1. Our weighted average diluted share count was approximately 216 million for Q1. During the quarter, we repurchased approximately 2 million shares of the company's common stock for a total value of $584 million. And since March 31, we've purchased an additional approximately 2 million shares for a total value of $543 million. We ended the quarter with approximately $5.7 billion in cash and marketable securities with approximately 24% of this in the United States. As we go forward, we'll be closely watching the launch of OCREVUS. Overall, we anticipate a negative impact to our portfolio that'll be partially offset by the royalties that we receive. In conjunction with the recently announced agreement to exclusively license the BMS anti-tau molecule, we expect to make an upfront payment of $300 million to Bristol-Myers Squibb in the second quarter and a near-term $60 million payment to the former stockholders of iPierian. These will impact both our GAAP and non-GAAP R&D expense assuming deal closure. These amounts exceed the $100 million we earmarked for business development expense in our previously announced 2017 full year financial guidance. We plan to update our annual financial guidance on the second quarter earnings call. I'll turn the call over to Michel for his closing comments.
Michel Vounatsos - Biogen, Inc.: Thank you, Paul. I will venture to say that 2017 is off to a strong start for Biogen, but we have much more to do. We are refocusing the organization and I am building my management team. We are all energized and are working to develop the strategy and priorities for both short-term and long-term shareholder value creation. We plan to update you on our progress when we report our second quarter earnings in July, but we do not wait with obvious actions to be taken to support Biogen in terms of R&D, BD and commercial. Our actions will speak for themselves. For July, we hope to provide you with clarity on our priorities and plan. I aim to communicate a clear picture of the Biogen of tomorrow, a company that can meaningfully improve patients' life in the increasingly important field of neuroscience through new, innovative therapies and create long-term sustainable value for our company and our shareholders. And I believe strongly that this is the new Biogen, a clear leader in a well-defined and fast-growing space. We do tackle big challenges. We are laser focused on execution and we aim to deliver strong results. In closing, I'd like to thank our employees around the world who are dedicated to making a positive impact on patients' lives, and all of the physicians, caregivers and participants in our clinical development programs. The past and future achievements could not be realized without their passion and commitment. With that, we'll open the call for questions.
Operator: As a reminder, please limit yourself to one question. Your first question comes from the line of Eric Schmidt with Cowen and Company. Please go ahead.
Eric Schmidt - Cowen & Co. LLC: Oh, good morning. Congrats on the fine launch for SPINRAZA and the overall quality of Q1 results as well. My question's on SPINRAZA. I guess we've gone, in the last three months, from thinking the launch would be gradual to today calling it robust. So what's going better than you expected? Is it access to reimbursement or your ability to work through the logistical issues at the centers or greater urgency to treat, greater demand? Please comment. Thanks.
Michel Vounatsos - Biogen, Inc.: So a couple of months ago, and since the beginning actually  this is Michel  we did identify two bottlenecks. And number one was infrastructure due to the intrathecal therapy injection modalities that were not performed into the SMA northern (33:30) neuromuscular centers, and in addition, the insurance coverage. Those two bottlenecks remain and they will be also relevant for the other markets where we're going to launch SPINRAZA hopefully soon. Having said that, motivated families, patients, parents, advocacy groups, a professional team at Biogen, dedicated providers, the leadership of the hospital and the providers were able to accommodate, not as a linear fashion, some bigger centers with a certain pattern, smaller centers eventually with more speed and flexibility, one size does not fit all. But all in all, this is where we stand today.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Geoffrey Porges with Leerink Partners. Please go ahead.
Geoffrey C. Porges - Leerink Partners LLC: Thanks very much, and share my congratulations on SPINRAZA. Could you give us a little bit more detail on the MS business, particularly the contribution of price and volume in the U.S. for the brands there, and comment on price? Previously you'd said that you anticipated taking one price increase a year. Is that still the company's view? And is that something that we should continue to plan for the balance of the year? Thanks.
Michel Vounatsos - Biogen, Inc.: So in the U.S., that remains our largest and stable market for which we remain fully dedicated to continue to improve the picture. First of all, on the market dynamic, if you recall well, I did mention that in 2016 we saw a slight contraction of the market in terms of commercial goods versus the prior period. Well, we did see that sustain during Q1 versus Q4 of 2016, probably, and by a few percentage, nothing dramatic. One of the reason might well be that there was a bit of warehousing due to OCREVUS. I don't know by facts, but this might be a reason. All in all, the assumption within the company is that the market will return to low-single-digit market growth for the remainder of 2017. For Biogen business, a very strong defense of our performance. And actually, I am pleased by the momentum I see in a slightly declining market of our NTRx and TRx shares and you can have a look into those. I think that TECFIDERA defended very well, TYSABRI rebounded. Overall, Biogen is holding very strong and we continue to see a slight erosion of the interferons as expected. So all in all I will say a good performance that I want to see improved. Capture rate is holding very well, slightly improving. Discontinuation due to TEC GI did not really improve and I'm not satisfied by that. But I do not give up. So we are working hard to improve on this figure. But all in all, I will say it's very solid engagement while the team has the plate full of tactical plans in order to be ready for an increased competition while we speak.
Paul J. Clancy - Biogen, Inc.: And then, Geoff, this is Paul. Just second part of your question, we understand it's an important question, and I know we've commented in the past, but we're not going to comment on any kind of perspective of forward pricing in the MS market.
Michel Vounatsos - Biogen, Inc.: If I may add just a small comment on this important dynamic that we see in the marketplace, is that Biogen has the opportunity to benefit from a complete portfolio in MS, and we are working very hard. And if we want to change the landscape, we need to move away and try to progress on value-based and innovative type of contracting. It's difficult. The team is making some progress, but today I have nothing to report except that some progress and some discussion with different PNs. So we are working on this dimension.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Geoff Meacham with Barclays. Please go ahead.
Geoff Meacham - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Morning, guys. Thanks for the questions and also want to give my congrats on the quarter. Michel, you talked about filling out the pipeline more and with the launch of anti-tau, are you comfortable with the number of assets or mechanisms that you have in the Alzheimer's portfolio? And is it reasonable to assume that biz dev may be neurology focused or is it likely that you guys will look more broadly at the orphan space just given the SPINRAZA launch? Thank you.
Michel Vounatsos - Biogen, Inc.: Thanks for the question. I'll get started, and obviously, Mike will comment more thoroughly. First, I would like to say that I'm very pleased that Biogen was able to pull it in a very competitive setting. Anti-tau is an important mechanism that complements well via all the programs we have with the same target, but also the a-beta assets that we have with aducanumab at the forefront and the BACE inhibitor that we have partnered. So these positions, Biogen's I will say pretty well in AD and Mike will complement. We continue to work hard and we are doing that in order to improve the footprint of our phase early stage which is a sweet spot on where we can add much value with the development. Biogen's, at Biogen neuroscience is dimension in life, and this is where we can add most of the value with meaningful development because we have great people, great team. And the partners see that. So before we move beyond, we're looking to neuro space. And in the neuro space, we look first at MS, SMA and neurology. Mike?
Michael D. Ehlers, M.D., Ph.D. - Biogen, Inc.: Yeah. Thanks, Geoff, for the question. On the tau side, I'd say we're very excited now to have this more advanced tau antibody in the portfolio. And as I'd mentioned, we've got an earlier second antibody, BIIB076 and in our collaboration with Ionis, an antisense oligonucleotide against tau which we're looking to advance to the clinic in the coming months. So we're quite excited about that. Michel said it well. We're really concentrated in neuro as an area. I'd say when you look across the opportunity landscape externally, we really try to focus on things that are in the early clinical asset space. That's kind of our core, where we believe that we can identify things with a bit of asymmetric knowledge and apply some asymmetric capabilities to that. We don't exclude other areas, but that's just where we're concentrated. So if we see a good opportunity that's a little bit later in a more adjacent area or even something that's earlier, we're quite open to it. On the question around more orphan diseases or other things, I think that the experience with SPINRAZA highlights to us the real potential advantage of intrathecal ASOs as a modality. We've got an early Phase 1 ongoing study in SOD1 mutant ALS as just another example of that. So we see great opportunity in that intersection between neuroscience and certain orphan diseases.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Umer Raffat with Evercore. Please go ahead.
Umer Raffat - Evercore Group LLC: Hi, guys. Congrats on the SPINRAZA launch. So, since I was totally off on my end, I thought I'd ask you how to understand SPINRAZA numbers some more. So Paul, thank you. You mentioned it was about less than $10 million worth of inventory of the $46 million in U.S. So that would imply $36 million in sales or perhaps something like 360 infusions. So I guess what I'm trying to understand is if there were 30 centers enrolled as of early March and 88 centers as of April 21, that implies most of the patients have probably not had more than three infusions. So is it unreasonable if I were to say 360 divided by 3, perhaps about 120 patients on therapy as of Q1? And I'm partially doing that to understand if there's a spillover into 2Q or not. And maybe one, just a quick one on R&D. Just wanted to understand the significance of the midway enrolled on aducanumab Phase 3. Does the protocol enabled an interim analysis of sorts on week 52 or week 76 for these first 1300 patients? Thank you.
Paul J. Clancy - Biogen, Inc.: Umer, this is Paul. Let me kind of do a couple things. One is the inventory, I know it was important for every  on SPINRAZA was important, but it literally is a triangulation of data. So I wouldn't  it's not as precise as our knowledge of kind of the inventory on TECFIDERA in the specialty pharmacy channel, but it is our best estimate at this time that it's something in the less than $10 million range. And while we have a closed system on SPINRAZA, sometimes the patient data lags and we're estimating things along the way. No doubt as we move through Q1 the patients began to ramp and the dosing schedule, as you point out, the loading dose schedule does likely have some level of spillover effect. But I think that's kind of small dynamics and broadly what we're trying to do is get patient access and get through the infusion capacity constraints, get through the access constraints, get as many patients across all the different types of SMN patients on therapy.
Alfred W. Sandrock - Biogen, Inc.: And Umer, this is Al, on the aducanumab question. We have a policy here that we're not talking about interim analyses. I'm afraid I can't answer that question.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Ronny Gal with Bernstein. Please go ahead.
Ronny Gal - Sanford C. Bernstein Limited: Good morning, everybody, and thank you for taking my question. I'm going to stick with nusinersen. First, do you have any better feel right now for how long the effect of nusinersen is? Given that we kind of are done with the question of the early launch, the question now is how long can you actually keep those patients alive and therefore, what should we model for those product's accumulation of patients long-term? And second, you've mentioned that you're about to take your gene therapy into the clinic. I guess the question is what is the differentiation of your program versus the existing gene therapy which is already in the clinic? What are you doing better than they that will allow you to differentiate versus their product?
Michael D. Ehlers, M.D., Ph.D. - Biogen, Inc.: Okay. Ronny, this is Mike. I'll start with that a little bit. On the question of SPINRAZA durability, I guess what we can say is that we started the first patient dose just about five years ago, and from what we've seen for that, there's been, essentially, sustained effects with those patients to date. There's a lot that's not known here. Obviously, this is kind of an ongoing clinical experiment and many of these patients are being rolled over into an open label kind of observation period for this. So the fact is, is that we just don't know what ultimately the durability would be, but everything that we've seen is a durable effect of continued dosing of SPINRAZA. So I'd say on that, on the gene therapy side of this  so there are a lot of things. One is we're very encouraged by the gene therapy data that is out there, of what AveXis has publicly reported. We are quite bullish in general on the modality of AAV-based gene therapy. We do believe that there's the prospect for differentiation in terms of tissue tropism, serotype, delivery routes, dosage, viral load, manufacturing, and so forth. So we think there's ample room for differentiation and time will tell. The other thing we would say is we believe that there can be a future out there where these are used in combination in certain settings that will depend very much on the stage and type of SMA.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Cory Kasimov with JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Cory W. Kasimov - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Hey, good morning, guys, and thanks for taking my questions. Just curious, what are the qualifications for the free drug program for SPINRAZA? And do you anticipate the 25% of units flowing through now will kind of remain the steady state going forward?
Paul J. Clancy - Biogen, Inc.: Ronny (sic) [Cory] (47:23), this is Paul. Good. Thanks for the question. It's kind of tied up in if there's denial, effectively. There's obviously also some normal, as you would expect, income for people that can't afford it. With respect to the kind of free goods, I think that is an estimate that we won't know until we get much farther, and I would guess it wobbles quarter to quarter. I mean, it even wobbled within the quarter, so I think it wobbles around a little bit quarter to quarter as well.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Ying Huang with Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Please go ahead.
Ying Huang - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Hey, morning. Thanks for taking my questions. Specifically maybe Mike, can you comment on what's the difference between BIIB076, your anti-tau antibody that just entered Phase 1 and then the anti-tau antibody license from Bristol-Myers, what really caused the decision to out-license that compound? And then secondly, maybe, I think, Michel, you commented on roughly half of the Medicaid plans now cover SPINRAZA. Can you provide any color on what's the percentage of commercial plans that cover SPINRAZA now? Thank you.
Michael D. Ehlers, M.D., Ph.D. - Biogen, Inc.: Okay, Ying, so I'll start with that. Thanks for the question. A few things, the reason we like  I mentioned about how we just in general see intersecting tau as a very important feature of neurodegenerative disease including Alzheimer's disease. I'd say three or four core things. One, it was a more advanced clinical stage asset that was of interest. Two, it was really quite clear that you had a very potent antibody here where they had generated a very compelling biomarker data in terms of robust lowering of CSF tau. There'd been more clinical experience and a known kind of benefit/risk profile that had been seen in many patients to date, as you would expect from a more advanced clinical asset. And then it also gave us this kind of accelerated opportunity in progressive supranuclear palsy as another very exciting indication for us.
Paul J. Clancy - Biogen, Inc.: Ying, this is Paul. Let me kind of try to tackle the second part of your question in terms of coverage on SPINRAZA in the commercial plans. Our estimate is that about 75% plans that cover the lives across the United States have coverage and approved SPINRAZA. Of that, about half of those have a narrow, call it Type 1 type coverage and about half of those have broad coverage. Importantly, as Mike pointed out, we'll be presenting data tonight that will hopefully start to get a more broad coverage as well.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Joshua Schimmer with Piper Jaffray. Please go ahead.
Joshua E. Schimmer - Piper Jaffray & Co.: Great. Thanks so much for taking the question. Can you please estimate the size of the SPINRAZA patient backlog? And do you believe you can address infrastructure bottleneck issues so that it's no longer a gating step by end of the year? And then for Europe, how are you handling this so it doesn't slow launch there, too? Thank you.
Paul J. Clancy - Biogen, Inc.: Yeah. Josh, actually we'd prefer not to. We obviously have internal data on start forms and we have a sense for that, but we'd prefer not to because I just don't know the accuracy of it all at this point in time. With respect to Europe, we are effectively have been putting pre-launch efforts in place on a country by country basis, prioritizing, obviously, those countries that we expect to get reimbursement earlier as opposed to later. So tremendous amount of energy in Germany, energy in the Nordics, energy actually also in UK for some relatively unique circumstances. And I think it's going to be a very similar dynamic with respect to trying to accommodate and get through infusion capacity.
Michel Vounatsos - Biogen, Inc.: If I may add very briefly, I am monitoring very closely the ability of the organization to implement and to execute, being for SPINRAZA, and I think that the data to date speaks for itself, and we'll continue to do the same in Europe with the individual regulators to follow up following the CHMP endorsement with a broad label and including reimbursement. So we'll get started hopefully we believe this summer with Germany and Scandinavia with an access condition. And we have an early access program with more than 300 patients. And gradually the countries will come with market access condition one after the other. And it's all about execution from the Biogen team, it's execution on SMA, execution on biosimilar and execution obviously on MS. I just want to reiterate that for TECFIDERA, we are working very hard. TECFIDERA is now the market  is growing share in 17 out of 21 markets in Europe, okay? Germany is growing share six months in a row. We have hit within France the highest ever share for TECFIDERA. So it's all about the ability for the team to implement well with what we have in the bag in the portfolio today in a very focused manner and the right way.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Salim Syed with Mizuho Securities. Please go ahead.
Salim Syed - Mizuho Securities USA, Inc.: Hey guys, congrats on the quarter. Just two questions. Paul, I think both of these are for you. You mentioned OCREVUS having a negative impact. Can you just go into a little bit more color there? And what products in particular do you see OCREVUS impacting? Is it mostly TYSABRI, or do you think it's TECFIDERA? And then second, just on SMID-cap valuations, it sounds like now you guys are approaching M&A a little bit more aggressively. Paul, can you maybe comment on your thoughts on SMID-cap valuations at these levels? Thank you.
Paul J. Clancy - Biogen, Inc.: Yeah, let me take the second one first. I mean, no comment that one. So, I mean, I have points of view on it, but we obviously don't talk about it. It's kind of like one step away from talking about names. Look, OCREVUS, we've done a lot of work on it. Again, we do think a new entrant that has an interesting profile for patients and physicians will get a place in the marketplace and inevitably as we have plus or minus 40 share across our existing portfolio of products, there'll be an impact on that. We think that OCREVUS plays in the high efficacy segment. And as a result, the likelihood is that it impacts TYSABRI vis--vis the products in our portfolio more than others as well. There's a chance it impacts TECFIDERA as well. We think that the platform therapies inclusive of AVONEX and PLEGRIDY are the least impacted. All of that is obviously a total forecast and we're going to be monitoring it very closely as we move forward. And, look, this is not a surprise, right? So I think that I would characterize it as similar to way Michel has characterized it as that the best thing that we can do is just simply continue to really put forward the strength of our own products and we have a great, great suite of products across a bunch of different kind of segments and kind of patient needs in the marketplace. And then certainly in the United States, we're heartened that we're somewhat hedged from the royalties that are gained from OCREVUS.
Michel Vounatsos - Biogen, Inc.: If I can just briefly add to what Paul rightly said, towards the higher end of the spectrum, I reinforce that, at least at the beginning, patients with high level of the (56:06) positivity that have to be switched, and this is a good thing, and obviously the PPMS, for which we'll get a benefit. So this is what we see, this is the very early days. The label is in line with what we did assume. We are monitoring very closely but we are monitoring more our assets than the competition.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Alethia Young with Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
Alethia Young - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Hey, guys. Thanks for taking my question. Congratulations on the SPINRAZA launch. Just one around the S1P class in general. I know Celgene has a drug, ozanimod, and you've talked about potentially going forward in partnership, but what do you think makes for a differentiated S1P1 in general? I know you had experience with Mitsubishi as well. Thanks.
Michael D. Ehlers, M.D., Ph.D. - Biogen, Inc.: So I will start with that just to say that, I don't know that we're going to really comment that much around...
Michel Vounatsos - Biogen, Inc.: I think it's a good question for Celgene.
Michael D. Ehlers, M.D., Ph.D. - Biogen, Inc.: Yeah, exactly. I think that's right.
Paul J. Clancy - Biogen, Inc.: Yeah.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Terence Flynn with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Terence Flynn - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Hi, thanks for taking the question. Was just wondering on SPINRAZA if you can give us any color on the percentage of new starts versus rollover patient. And then I noticed there was an uptick in cost of goods this quarter. Paul, was there anything notable there or is that going to trend down over the rest of the year? Thanks.
Paul J. Clancy - Biogen, Inc.: Terence, thanks for the question. This is Paul. Let me try to take both of them. I think what you're referring to on SPINRAZA is with respect to rollover patients of those that were in the trial or in our EAP program. And on both dimensions, it was a very small number actually. The trial patients are continuing on in a trial. The EAP patients, because that if you recall, it was approved in such a short period of time from filing, we actually in the United States had well below 100 patients on EAP and only a handful of them actually have moved into commercial patients. So the vast majority of the sales for Q1 on SPINRAZA are due to, in effect, de novo new patient. Cost of goods sold is a bit a function of a number of things. The biosimilar business, which is growing quite strong, comes with a high cost of goods sold. We have had  the AVONEX business actually has an additional royalty that started in the second half of 2016 and when we compare it to the first half of 2016, we kind of have unfavorable comps. So I think that's indicative probably of what we're going to see over the next number of quarters.
Matthew Calistri - Biogen, Inc.: And Dan, we're going to have time for one more question.
Operator: And our final question comes from the line of Matthew Harrison with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Matthew K. Harrison - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Great. Thanks for fitting me in. I appreciate it. I just wanted to try and sort of group together sort of all the comments you've made on SPINRAZA and just try and understand sort of a broader question, which is obviously there are some of these dynamics that you've talked about including insurance and infusion which is sort of limiting some of the uptake, though you've obviously worked through that with patients. And I guess what I'm trying to understand is how should we think about if there was a bolus in this quarter and the new start rate should decline or if you still think that the dynamics you talked around insurance and infusions are still holding back a substantial portion of patients and that the new start rate should continue to increase as we think about for maybe the next quarter or through the rest of the year. Thanks.
Paul J. Clancy - Biogen, Inc.: Matthew, thanks for the question. This is Paul. Quite frankly, it's hard to really tell on that, the kinetics of this. And we've said it all along, it's hard to tell. We're very pleased with Q1. I personally would expect it continues to ramp if you look at the number of patients in the United States. So you just look at the number of patients, the number of centers that still haven't, that we're still working through plans, I would. The kinetics of it  and also, we always have to keep in mind the kinetics of kind of the cohort of patients going through loading dose then moving to maintenance dose and so on and so forth. I think we'll see some level of we'll all be interpreting the data as we go quarter by quarter. But broadly speaking, I think what this really pulls out is the tremendous value of the drug in the tremendous unmet need in the patient population.
Michel Vounatsos - Biogen, Inc.: And if I may just add and conclude, the two bottlenecks that we did identify at the outset remain. It's a battle every day, and we are not yet where we want to be. Some of the largest plan or the largest facilities in terms of infrastructure are still not dosing the way the patients deserves and the way the families and the advocacy group expect. So there is still a way to go, but it's unlocking and progressing week after week. I think the key element that first of all the country deserves, the patient deserves is newborn screening. The day we have that, we can really change the treatment and the evolution of SMA. And if you look at the NURTURE data the results speaks for themselves.
Michel Vounatsos - Biogen, Inc.: Thank you all for your attention today.
Operator: Thank you to everyone. This will conclude today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2016 Q4  (2017-01-26 08:00:00) =====
Executives: Matthew Calistri - Biogen, Inc. Michel Vounatsos - Biogen, Inc. Michael D. Ehlers, M.D., Ph.D. - Biogen, Inc. Paul J. Clancy - Biogen, Inc. Alfred W. Sandrock - Biogen, Inc.
Analysts: Mark J. Schoenebaum - Evercore ISI Aaron Gal, Ph.D. - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC Eric Schmidt - Cowen & Co. LLC Geoff Meacham - Barclays Capital, Inc. Terence Flynn - Goldman Sachs & Co. Michael Yee - RBC Capital Markets LLC Matthew K. Harrison - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Joshua E. Schimmer - Piper Jaffray & Co. M. Ian Somaiya - BMO Capital Markets (United States) Robyn Karnauskas - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. Alethia Young - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC
Operator: Good morning, my name is Dan, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Biogen fourth quarter and year-end 2016 financial results and business update. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. Thank you. I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Matt Calistri, Senior Director of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Matthew Calistri - Biogen, Inc.: Thank you, and welcome to Biogen's fourth quarter and full-year 2016 earnings conference call. Before we begin, I encourage everyone to go to the Investors section of biogen.com to find the press release and related financial tables, including a reconciliation of GAAP to non-GAAP financial measures that we'll discuss today. Our GAAP financials are provided in Tables 1 and 2. Table 3 includes a reconciliation of our GAAP to non-GAAP financial results. We believe non-GAAP financial results better represent the ongoing economics of our business and reflect how we manage the business internally. We have also posted slides on our website that follow the discussions related to this call. I would like to point out that we will be making forward-looking statements which are based on our current expectations and beliefs. These statements are subject to certain risks and uncertainties and our actual results may differ materially. I encourage you to consult the risk factors discussed in our SEC filings for additional detail. On today's call, I'm joined by our Chief Executive Officer, Michel Vounatsos; Dr. Michael Ehlers, EVP of Research and Development; and our CFO, Paul Clancy. We'll also be joined for the Q&A portion of the call by our Chief Medical Officer, Dr. Al Sandrock. Now I'll turn the call over to Michel.
Michel Vounatsos - Biogen, Inc.: Thank you, Matt. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us. In 2016, Biogen generated revenues of $11.4 billion, a 6% increase over 2015 and, on a constant currency basis, an increase of 9%. GAAP earnings were $16.93 a share, a 10% increase year-over-year, and on non-GAAP EPS was $20.22, a 19% increase versus full-year 2015. I am proud that the team was able to deliver such a strong results, and I aim to building on Biogen impressive track record as we move forward. 2016 was an eventful year for Biogen. Let me review some of our most important achievements. We announced the spinoff of our hemophilia business, now called Bioverativ, and aim to complete the transaction next week. We presented results from the SYNERGY study of opicinumab, a potential remyelinating therapy for MS. We presented updated a-beta (03:15) data from the Phase 1b PRIME study of aducanumab for Alzheimer's disease and made significant progress enrolling the Phase 3 trial, exceeding our goal for the year. Aducanumab also received fast track designation in the U.S., and was accepted in the PRIME program in the E.U. Our partner, Eisai, initiated and began dosing patient in the Phase 3 program for elenbecestat, or E2609, a BACE inhibitor for Alzheimer's disease, and important complementary mechanism to our a-beta [amyloid beta] antibodies. We received additional IP protection for TYSABRI as we were granted with a new patent in the U.S. with coverage to 2027. And we launched four new products: ZINBRYTA for MS, two biosimilars, BENEPALI and FLIXABI in European markets; and most recently, SPINRAZA, the first treatment for SMA, which was approved only three months after filing in the U.S. 2017 is already off to an exciting start. In the last two weeks, we began dosing the first SPINRAZA patient in the U.S. Further, we announced that we have agreed to enter into a settlement and license agreement with Forward Pharma, which we believe will help clarify our IP position for TECFIDERA. Let me now provide you with a brief review of our commercial performance. Biogen remains the leader in MS as we've maintained our global market share of approximately 38% in a highly competitive market, and that number rises to 42% in those markets where we have a direct presence. Biogen remains the global category leader in the orals, high efficacy and interferon segments of the MS market. MS revenues for 2016 grew 3% year-over-year, or 5% on a constant currency basis. While the revenue growth has attenuated recently, our portfolio delivered global patient growth of 4% in 2016, driven by patient growth for TECFIDERA of 9% year-over-year. In the U.S., we saw a slight decline in TECFIDERA patients year-over-year, attributed to competition among the orals, as well as continued moderation in the overall market. Total TECFIDERA patients outside the U.S. grew by 20% year-over-year, a major driver of revenue growth. Outside the U.S., our efforts are aimed at both new country launches and a renewed focus on early launch European markets such as France and Germany. Looking to 2017, we are pleased to have just received approval in Japan and plan to seek approvals and reimbursement in additional markets throughout the year. TYSABRI added over 4,000 net new patients globally year-over-year and further strengthened its position in the marketplace. Our research indicates that the safety perception for TYSABRI in the U.S. is gradually improving as physicians become more comfortable with risk stratification of their patients. TYSABRI is also benefiting from a shift away from the platform therapies including our interferons to high efficacy products and the orals. We are also continuing to advance our leadership position through new product launches in the U.S. Our data indicates high brand awareness for ZINBRYTA and that physicians are generally prescribing it consistent with the label for switch patients. Outside the U.S., we are encouraged by the launch in Germany, and we expect to receive reimbursement in all major European markets by the end of 2017. Across our MS portfolio, we are focused on operational execution and reinforcing our commitment to MS by pursuing life cycle management opportunities. Switching to our biosimilar business, we are very excited with the continued progress as revenues grew by over 70% quarter-over-quarter, driven by BENEPALI. Our biosimilars operation in Europe is already profitable, and we are pleased with the progress of the JV in advancing additional compound. The most exciting commercial opportunity for 2017 is clearly the launch of SPINRAZA for spinal muscular atrophy. And we moved quickly to make the product available in the U.S. We appreciate the anticipated demand for SPINRAZA in a disease area with such a high unmet medical need, but also realized it may take some time for the treatment centers to manage the complexities in administration, setup, scheduling of patients, as well as for insurers to develop coverage policies. We are working with clinicians, payers and patient advocacy groups to try to expedite access to treatment given some likely capacity constraints in the system, as well as the need to secure reimbursement. Our goal is that no patient will forgo treatment because of financial limitation or insurance status. And we are pleased with the progress made so far. These coverage decisions are made on a case-by-case basis with each payer. While we have seen some early challenges, such as the recent decision from Anthem, we have seen some early successes as well. We continue to expect a gradual uptake throughout the year as we work step-by-step over these launch dynamics. Beyond the U.S., we aim to make SPINRAZA available to patients around the world as soon as possible. We have already filed in the EU, Japan, Australia and Canada as we see (09:51) broad global patient population that we believe will benefit from this therapy. We hope for immediate approval from the EU. I'll now turn it over to Mike for an update on our efforts in R&D, the true engine of value creation for Biogen.
Michael D. Ehlers, M.D., Ph.D. - Biogen, Inc.: Thank you, Michel, and on behalf of employees and stakeholders around the globe, let me congratulate and welcome you to your new role and share the excitement and enthusiasm for the vision, energy, rigor and commitment you are really bringing to the helm of this great company. And good morning to everyone on the call. 2016 was a productive year for Biogen as we made important progress advancing our understanding of several key diseases and assets, received approvals for a broad range of therapies, and continued to shape our pipeline toward areas of high unmet medical need. Let's begin with SPINRAZA. With FDA approval, SPINRAZA became the first and only treatment approved in the U.S. for spinal muscular atrophy, or SMA. We plan on submitting additional data this year to the FDA, including the final analyses from ENDEAR and CHERISH, the Phase 3 study evaluating SPINRAZA in later-onset SMA, with the goal of updating the label. Earlier this month, we also presented new data from the final analysis of ENDEAR at the British Paediatric Neurology Association conference in the U.K. SPINRAZA met the prespecified primary endpoint in the final analysis, demonstrating a statistically significant reduction of 47% in the risk of death or permanent ventilation. In this analysis, 68% of untreated infants died or required permanent ventilation compared to 39% of infants treated with SPINRAZA. Commonly reported adverse effects were generally consistent with those expected in the general population of infants with SMA. We plan to present further efficacy and safety results from ENDEAR in addition to CHERISH later this year. Specifically, we are submitting both ENDEAR and CHERISH to AAN for presentation in April. In addition to being the first medicine for the treatment of SMA, SPINRAZA represents the first intrathecal antisense oligonucleotide approved for any indication. The success and favorable benefit risk profile of SPINRAZA highlight the potential for this previously untapped therapeutic modality in severe nervous system diseases more broadly. Working together with our collaboration partner, Ionis, we intend to leverage our leadership position to advance new therapeutics. Moving on to our efforts in MS repair and regeneration, we are planning to initiate a Phase 2b study for opicinumab, or anti-LINGO, in the fourth quarter. We are also advancing BIIB061, a novel oral remyelinating agent with a different mechanism than opicinumab. We are applying learnings from the opicinumab trials to inform next steps for this asset and look forward to updating you in the coming months. Across our MS franchise, we remain committed to fully understanding and maximizing the medical value and impact of our products as we continue to generate new clinical data and prioritize life cycle management opportunities. Although not within MS, we believe the pursuit of natalizumab, or TYSABRI, for acute ischemic stroke is an example of how we aim to derive additional value. With over 1.7 million cases each year, stroke remains one of the leading causes of death and neurologic disability worldwide with limited treatment options. We believe natalizumab may be able to address the post-ischemic inflammation that leads to neurotoxicity. We previously reported that in our Phase 2 study ACTION, natalizumab, when administered up to nine hours after stroke onset, failed to meet its primary endpoint of MRI infarct volume, but did show benefit on key prespecified secondary clinical outcomes, including the modified Rankin Scale and Barthel Index. We expect the follow-on Phase 2b dose-ranging study ACTION 2 to be fully enrolled in 2017 and hope to show the results shortly thereafter. This study is assessing the clinical impact of natalizumab on functional independence and cognition when initially dosed within up to 24 hours of stroke onset, which would be a major advancement over the current standard of care, such as tissue plasminogen activator, or TPA, which has a limited time window. Now, turning to Alzheimer's disease, during the quarter, a number of exciting developments occurred for our lead assets. We presented new data from the Phase 1b PRIME study of aducanumab, our investigational treatment for early Alzheimer's disease, at the CTAD meeting in San Diego. We believe the totality of the data presented at CTAD, including additional data from our competitors, continue to support the a-beta hypothesis, as well as the design of our Phase 3 trials. Also in Alzheimer's disease, as Michel mentioned, our partner Eisai recently initiated began (14:51) dosing in the Phase 3 program for elenbecestat, or E2609, an oral BACE inhibitor which aims to prevent the production of beta amyloid. Eisai has also recently completed enrollment in the Phase 2 adaptive design trial for BAN2401, a humanized beta amyloid antibody which exhibits a strong binding preference for protofibrils. Data from that trial are expected in the next 12 to 18 months. We're working to advance BIIB074, a novel investigational state-dependent subtype selective sodium channel blocker for neuropathic pain. We completed enrollment in a small exploratory Phase 2a study in erythromelalgia and anticipate data in the coming months. We continue to enroll a Phase 2b trial for lumbosacral radiculopathy and are planning to initiate two Phase 3 studies in trigeminal neuralgia this year. Startup activities will initially be focused outside the U.S. BG00011, or STX100 for idiopathic pulmonary fibrosis is enrolling its final cohort in a Phase 2a study and we expect to present the data after the trial completes in the second half of the year. We're also making important progress across our early-stage pipeline as we continue to shape our R&D engine for the future. With that said, although we are pleased with our pipeline, there's always room for improvement. We are building out our R&D leadership team and remain laser-focused on delivering meaningful new molecules to and through the clinic. Working closely with Michel, we are making important progress to refresh and augment our pipeline. We are looking to add assets across our pipeline and are working aggressively to optimize, prioritize, and reshape our R&D activities, focusing resources to rapidly advance assets based on compelling science and medical impact that present the greatest opportunity. Expect to hear more from us in the coming months. With that, I will now pass the call to Paul.
Paul J. Clancy - Biogen, Inc.: Thanks, Mike. Our GAAP diluted earnings per share were $2.99 in the fourth quarter and $16.93 for the full year. GAAP earnings per share were negatively impacted by $1.55 related to the settlement in license agreement with Forward Pharma. Our non-GAAP diluted earnings per share were $5.04 in the fourth quarter and $20.22 for the full year. Total revenue for Q4 grew 1% year-over-year to approximately $2.9 billion and grew 6% for the full year to $11.4 billion. Global fourth quarter TECFIDERA revenues were $1 billion. This included revenues of $800 million in the U.S., an increase of 2% versus Q4 last year, and $202 million outside the U.S., a decrease of 3% versus Q4 of last year. As a reminder, in Q3, we believe TECFIDERA U.S. revenue benefited by approximately $40 million to $50 million due to inventory build in the channel, which impacts the sequential quarter comparison. On a sequential basis, we believe inventory levels remained relatively constant. For the full year, worldwide TECFIDERA revenues were $4 billion, an increase of 9% versus prior year. This included $3.2 billion in the U.S. and $799 million in sales outside the U.S. Interferon revenues, including both AVONEX and PLEGRIDY, were $688 million during the fourth quarter, a decrease of 7% versus Q4 last year. This included $488 million in the U.S. and $200 million in sales outside the U.S. For the full year, worldwide interferon revenues were $2.8 billion, consisting of $2 billion in the U.S. and $815 million in sales outside the U.S. TYSABRI worldwide revenues were $474 million this quarter, a decrease of 1% versus Q4 last year. This included $289 million in the U.S. and $185 million outside the U.S. In the U.S., Q4 TYSABRI revenue was unfavorably impacted by an increase in discounts and allowances specific to this quarter. For the full year, worldwide TYSABRI revenues were $2 billion, a 4% increase versus the prior year. We recorded U.S. revenues of $1.2 billion and $781 million internationally. Foreign exchange and hedge impact weakened full-year revenue by approximately $66 million for TECFIDERA, $79 million for interferons, and $62 million for TYSABRI versus prior year. As a reminder, with respect to ZINBRYTA, in the United States, we don't book in market revenue, we book a profit share. And in Q4, we experienced a contra revenue to the total revenue line. Our Hemophilia products continued to perform well this quarter. ELOCTATE revenues for the quarter were $149 million, an increase of 47% versus Q4 last year. This includes $126 million in the U.S. and $23 million outside the U.S. For the full year, world-wide ELOCTATE revenues were $513 million. We recorded U.S. revenue of $445 million, and $68 million internationally. ALPROLIX revenues in Q4 were $93 million, an increase of 31%, versus Q4 last year, including $74 million in the U.S. and $20 million outside of the U.S. For the full year, worldwide ALPROLIX revenues were $334 million. We recorded U.S. revenue of $268 million and $66 million internationally. Our Biosimilar business generated $53 million in revenues this quarter, and full-year Biosimilar revenues were $101 million. Turning to our Anti-CD20 revenues, we recorded $318 million for Q4 and $1.3 billion for the full year. Total Other revenues were $51 million in Q4 and $316 million for the full year. Now turning to the expense line on the P&L. Q4 GAAP cost of goods sold was $378 million; non-GAAP cost of goods sold was $363 million; both 13% of revenue. Full-year GAAP COGS were 1.5 billion or 13% of revenue. And full year non-GAAP COGS were 1.4 billion or 12% of revenue. Q4 GAAP R&D expense was $534 million or 19% of revenue. Q4 non-GAAP R&D was $531 million or 18% of revenue. Both GAAP and non-GAAP R&D expense included a $50 million payment milestone to Eisai in Q4, following the dosing of the first patient in, in the Phase 3 program for the BACE inhibitor. Full year GAAP and non-GAAP R&D expense were $2 billion, both 17% of revenue. Q4 GAAP SG&A was $496 million; Q4 non-GAAP SG&A was $484 million; both 17% of revenue. Both full-year GAAP and non-GAAP SG&A were $1.9 billion or 17 % of revenue. Throughout the year, we continued to execute on a number of measures to curb operating expense growth, while continuing to invest in R&D in key commercial priorities. We believe the benefits materialized in both the fourth quarter and full year results. We booked a GAAP-only charge in Q4 of $455 million related to our recent settlement and license agreement with Forward Pharma. Upon effectiveness of this agreement, we've agreed to pay Forward Pharma $1.25 billion plus potential royalties. The charge in Q4 represents the portion of the payment attributable to the sales of TECFIDERA during the period April 2014 through December 31, 2016. GAAP other net expense, which includes interest was $48 million in Q4 and $217 million for the full year. Non-GAAP other net expense was $52 million in Q4 and $222 million for the full year. In Q4, our GAAP tax rate was approximately 23%, and our non-GAAP tax rate was approximately 24%. For the full year, both GAAP and non-GAAP tax rates were approximately 25%. Our weighted average diluted share count was approximately 217 million for Q4 and 219 million for the full year, which brings us to our diluted earnings per share. For Q4, we booked $2.99 on a GAAP basis and $5.04 on a non-GAAP basis. For the full year, GAAP EPS was $16.93, and non-GAAP EPS was $20.22, representing a strong 10% and 19% growth year-over-year, respectively. During the quarter, we repurchased 2.2 million shares of the company's common stock for a total value of $651 million. We ended the quarter with approximately $7.7 billion in cash and marketable securities, with approximately 30% of this in the U.S. In 2017, we expect to continue repurchasing shares as part of our previously announced $5 billion share repurchase program. Let me turn to our full year 2017 guidance. Guidance this year has a few more moving pieces due to the spin-off of Bioverativ: Our focus on Biogen's 2017 guidance; but also provide additional context on Bioverativ in what we call WholeCo, the combined companies. I'd refer you to the slides for today's call for reference. There are a couple of items of note before I go into the substance of the Biogen guidance. First, there will be a stub period for the full month of January, where Hemophilia will be part of Biogen, not Bioverativ. Second, our, our GAAP guidance includes the minimum expense we expect to record in 2017 upon the effectiveness of our settlement and license agreement with Forward Pharma. The actual charges for this recorded will depend on the outcome of the patent office proceedings in the U.S. and EU. Third, our guidance does not include any impact from potential corporate tax reform in the U.S., repatriation or changes to the Affordable Care Act. And our plan is based on recent rates for foreign exchange. Now, let's get into Biogen guidance, starting with revenues. We expect revenues of approximately $11.1 billion to $11.4 billion. This includes one month of Hemophilia revenues, which equates to approximately $75 million. This represents 5% to 7% growth on a pro forma basis, when you adjust for Hemophilia revenues, for both 2016 and January of this year. Starting with MS, our plan assumes OCREVUS is approved this year and launches in the U.S. and Germany in the first half of 2017. We anticipate relatively stable demand for both TECFIDERA and TYSABRI in 2017 on a global basis. This is comprised of ex U.S. patient growth, offsetting modest patient declines in the U.S. We believe the number of patients using AVONEX and PLEGRIDY combined will continue to decline, as the market continues to shift away from the platforms. We anticipate continued strong growth from our Biosimilar business, predominantly driven by BENEPALI. Moving to SPINRAZA. We're very excited about bringing this therapy to patients, with such high unmet need. We're assuming the vast majority of SPINRAZA revenue this year will be in the U.S. We're cognizant that there are near-term capacity constraints in the system and the need for patients to secure reimbursement. So, we expect the revenue uptake to be gradual in 2017. Nevertheless, clearly, the kinetics of the launch are the biggest ambiguity in our outlook. Now, moving to expenses. We expect upward pressure on cost of goods sold as a percentage of sales in 2017, largely due to the increase in royalties related to the sales of SPINRAZA and our Biosimilars revenue becoming a larger portion of the business. We anticipate R&D expense between 16% and 17% of sales. We anticipate additional expense driven by advancing our Alzheimer's programs, notably, aducanumab and the BACE inhibitor; as well as the desire to build our pipeline to business development. Guidance does not include any impact from potential acquisitions or large late-stage business development transactions, as both are hard to predict. SG&A expense is expected to be approximately 15% to 16% of revenues, a decrease from 2016, driven by the reduction in head count related to the Hemophilia spin and continued diligent focus on improving inefficiencies. We're re-allocating resources to maintain our leadership position in MS. Ad we have resourced SPINRAZA for an excellent launch. From a tax perspective, we anticipate our tax rate for 2017 to be largely comparable to 2016. For Biogen, we anticipate GAAP EPS results of $18 to $18.80, and non-GAAP earnings per share to be between $20.45 and $21.25. Our shareholders will also benefit from the earnings of Bioverativ. As a reminder, eligible shareholders will receive one share of Bioverativ common stock for every two shares of Biogen common stock. On an apples-to-apples basis, we aim to grow earnings per share for Biogen in the double digits on a pro forma basis. I'll now turn the call over to Michel for his closing remarks.
Michel Vounatsos - Biogen, Inc.: Thank you, Paul. The following is my take on how Biogen is opening the page for 2017. We have a stable leadership position in MS, with the remaining lifecycle management opportunities, for which I'll come back to you at a later stage. Our Biosimilars business is growing strongly. We are now the standard of care for SMA, and we believe intrathecal delivery opens up potential limited treatment modalities. I am very encouraged by the progress in our Phase 2 and 3 programs, such as (31:00), acute ischemic stroke, neuropathic pain, idiopathic pulmonary fibrosis, and last, but not least, our Alzheimer's disease program. All of these are breaking new ground in important areas of medicines and aiming to address significant unmet medical needs. We have reinforced our IP position for TECFIDERA and TYSABRI; we continue to be disciplined on expense management; and we aspire to continue delivering double-digit earning growth. With that said, good is not good enough, and we aim to do more. In 2017, we'll be focusing on flawless near-term execution, while laying the groundwork for Biogen's long-term sustainability and success, including our renewed prioritization on business development activities. 2017 will be a big year, and I could not be more excited to be taking over as CEO during such a critical time, as we continue to build our company and drive leadership in neurology and neurodegeneration. You can expect to hear more from me over the next six months as I work with the leadership team to reevaluate our strategy for long-term shareholder value creation, including efficient R&D investment and high return business development activities. In closing, I'd like to thank our employees around the world, who are dedicated to make a positive impact on patients' lives; and all of the physicians, caregivers, and participants in our clinical development programs. The past and future achievements could not be realized without their passion and commitment. With that, we open the call for questions.
Operator: Your first question comes from the line of Mark Schoenebaum with Evercore ISI. Please go ahead.
Mark J. Schoenebaum - Evercore ISI: Oh, hey, guys. How are you? First, thanks to the Biogen organization for all your support while I was out. You guys were just fantastic to my team and to me, especially to Paul, Al, and Matt. Second of all, I know you've been asked this before, but I just think it's so important that I'd love to hear you say it in front of the broadest audience possible. And that is just comment on the solanezumab results, and what implications they may or may not have for aducanumab. And then I'd like to know if Michel is a Patriots fan.
Paul J. Clancy - Biogen, Inc.: Mark, look...
Mark J. Schoenebaum - Evercore ISI: Because if he is, we're downgrading the stock.
Paul J. Clancy - Biogen, Inc.: Al will take the sola. But just on behalf of everybody here at Biogen, it's great to hear your voice, great for you to be back, and well wishes.
Mark J. Schoenebaum - Evercore ISI: Thanks, Paul.
Alfred W. Sandrock - Biogen, Inc.: Hey, Mark, it's Al.
Mark J. Schoenebaum - Evercore ISI: Hey, Al. Good to hear your voice.
Alfred W. Sandrock - Biogen, Inc.: I agree with Paul. It's great to hear your voice again.
Mark J. Schoenebaum - Evercore ISI: Thank you.
Alfred W. Sandrock - Biogen, Inc.: So, on sola, there's a few key differences, right, between the sola trials and aducanumab. First of all, the patient population they studied was mild, with mild patients. We're studying the prodromal and the early mild. We continue to believe, and I think most of the community believes that the earlier the better, particularly for a-beta lowering therapies. The second is the outcome measure they used ADAS-Cog. And they actually looked at CDR sum of boxes as a secondary endpoint, I believe. And we believe CDR is a very good endpoint for early-stage Alzheimer's, and that's what we're using in our Phase 3 trial. I believe the Lilly results showed a P-value less than 0.05 on the CDR sum of boxes, even in the mild population. So, I thought that was encouraging. And finally, the difference in the antibody. Sola binds to soluble monomeric forms of a-beta, which means it binds to a lot of antigen in the circulation. The antibody probably, therefore, has a hard time getting to the brain. They actually couldn't show a lowering of amyloid plaque to a significant degree in the brain. Our antibody, in contrast, doesn't bind to the soluble monomeric form; it binds to the soluble oligomers. Binds also to the insoluble fibrillar forms. As a result, the antibody does get into the brain, and we have a substantial robust reduction in amyloid plaque in the brain at one year, which we published, dose-dependent. So, I think for all those reasons  I'm not sure you can read too much into the sola result and infer anything on what we're going to see with aducanumab.
Michel Vounatsos - Biogen, Inc.: And concerning your second question, I will not enter into the debate on what real football is, but I'm a fan of all the teams around here, including the Celtics and the Patriots.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Ronny Gal with Bernstein. Please go ahead.
Aaron Gal, Ph.D. - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: Hi, good morning, and thank you for taking my questions. I got three quick ones. The first one, Abbey just moved their TAL program into Phase 2. We've been talking a lot about the strength and weaknesses of the amyloid beta hypothesis. I wonder if you would review for us how you think about the anti-TAL as a target. What has been proven about that target, and what has not? And what is generally your feeling about that overall field as a kind of secondary field in the Alzheimer's field? Second, quarterly seasonality, we've seen it in the first quarter with the multiple sclerosis drugs. As we think about your revenue for 2017, should we think about the first quarter as being a lot weaker and growing over time? And then last but not least, I'm not sure you're going to be willing to say that, but as you're accelerating the quarter (37:23) for aducanumab, can you just discuss with us the stopping criteria both for fertility and early-stop conditions for this trial?
Michael D. Ehlers, M.D., Ph.D. - Biogen, Inc.: Okay, Ronny. This is Mike Ehlers. I'll start with the TAL question. So, we're very interested in TAL, because as you may know, one of the hallmarks of TAL pathology is that the pathology in the brain is more related to clinical status and progression. That's been one of the reasons why there's been such an interest in TAL. There's also a potential notion that this might be a mechanism that could intervene a little bit later than a-beta. And those have been some reasons for a lot of the excitement. Other parts of this that get us interested is the data around the potential spreading of TAL extra-cellularly that leads to progression of the pathology. And I think that's led some additional credence to the notion that a monoclonal antibody might be able to intercept the core disease process. There's some open questions about the relevant TAL species and the best epitopes. And a lot of that will have to play out clinically. There's tremendous advance, and we're certainly active in this in imaging agents for TAL pathology. And we think that if that comes to fruition, that has the chance to be as important to the field as amyloid imaging. I would say that in our portfolio, we have both the TAL monoclonal antibody, and we're also progressing, soon to get to a clinic, an antisense oligonucleotide type of TAL and our collaboration with Ionis that I kind of referred to in the line of the potential for intrathecal antisense oligonucleotides. So, we think there's great potential. A lot of it will play out in the clinic, and we're generally excited about TAL as a target.
Paul J. Clancy - Biogen, Inc.: Ronny, this is Paul. I'll try to address the seasonality question. Yeah, I think you're basically right that in multiple sclerosis, and in our expectations, we expect some normal seasonality headwinds in the United States. We generally anticipate seeing gross to net as a percentage move up just in Q1. That's pretty normal. U.S. patients are oftentimes moving around with respect to changes in insurance. And sometimes, there's a little bit of a unit slippage on that. And the TECFIDERA inventory levels in the U.S. that I had pointed out that got high in Q3 and stayed in Q3 could experience a little bit of a drawdown. That doesn't change anything with respect to the fundamentals going through the rest of the year or over the long term.
Alfred W. Sandrock - Biogen, Inc.: Yeah, sure. You guys gave me the toughest question. This is Al, Ronny. We don't want to comment on interim analyses or futility analyses, or any of those kinds of things, so sorry.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Eric Schmidt with Cowen & Co. Please go ahead.
Eric Schmidt - Cowen & Co. LLC: Thanks for the question. With the spin, was the revenue of $5 million in the first week on the market, is that a real sort of end user number? And when Michel says expecting immediate EU approval, are we thinking next week? Thank you.
Paul J. Clancy - Biogen, Inc.: Why don't Michel and I tag team this. This is Paul. The $5 million in Q4 was all channel build, Eric. So, as everybody knows, approved a couple of days before Christmas, 12/23. Our team worked real hard the week between Christmas and New Year's. Inclusive of that was just some small channel fill that wasn't related to anything, with respect to patients.
Michel Vounatsos - Biogen, Inc.: And concerning the EU approval, it's probably my accent. It's mid-year that we expect to have SPINRAZA approval.
Eric Schmidt - Cowen & Co. LLC: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Geoff Meacham with Barclays. Please go ahead.
Geoff Meacham - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Hey, guys. Thanks a lot for the question. And thanks to Paul for all the detailed guidance. And I'll say upfront, go, Falcons.
Paul J. Clancy - Biogen, Inc.: Next question.
Geoff Meacham - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Exactly. Exactly.
Paul J. Clancy - Biogen, Inc.: All right...
Geoff Meacham - Barclays Capital, Inc.: So question for Mike or Al...
Paul J. Clancy - Biogen, Inc.: We'll talk to you after the call and put some money on it, Geoff.
Geoff Meacham - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Let's talk later on that, Paul.
Paul J. Clancy - Biogen, Inc.: All right.
Geoff Meacham - Barclays Capital, Inc.: So, for Mike or Al, just again to focus on Alzheimer's. For aducanumab, for enrollment, looks like you guys are more than one-third ways enrolled. Is there anything that's changed relative to some of the initial challenges that you faced? And does that make you feel better when you think about the patient identification down the road? And then just a real quick one. Have you guys have had to make any changes when you look at the protocol for engage or emerge to account for the seizure that you saw from the prime study? Thanks.
Alfred W. Sandrock - Biogen, Inc.: Hi, Geoff. This is Al. We have not made any changes in the protocol to account for the seizure. Look, I mean, enrollment, as Michel said, we exceeded our stretch actually goal for 2016. Things are improving, I think, in terms of two fronts. Since we require a positive PET scan, it's hard to get PET scans lined up for people in certain countries. And with time, we've been able to sort out a lot of the issues related to getting PET ligand to the centers, where they have the PET scans and getting patients scanned. And I think that is improving. And hopefully, that'll help with enrollment. And then the other thing is that our publication last year really kind of continued to build excitement around our molecule, because we showed all the data we had from the preclinical studies and much of the data from the prime studies. So, that plus the CTAD results. So, think both of those things, I think, are encouraging, although, we still have, as you pointed out, a ways to go.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Terence Flynn with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Terence Flynn - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Hi. Good morning. Thanks for taking the question. Just was wondering, on 2017 guidance, recognize you guys don't typically give product guidance, but just wondering at a high level, if you can give us your thoughts on the MS franchise, volume price, the impact of the TECFIDERA label update and OCREVUS as well? Thanks.
Paul J. Clancy - Biogen, Inc.: I think, Michel, and I will try to tag team this, a bit. We don't give product guidance, Terrence. I think, what you didn't ask, and what we think is the biggest ambiguity is what I kind of pointed out in the prepared remarks, is SPINRAZA, obviously. I think the MS business is a stable business that we certainly, have thinking around OCREVUS is coming in. And we'll kind of take some share and probably hopefully expand the market, particularly around PPMS. The ambiguity there, obviously, is what the label looks like at the end of March. Michel, any other additional comments?
Michel Vounatsos - Biogen, Inc.: Yeah. So, on MS, it's all about implementation and execution. And what we can see is that when we do that well, and we can always do better, then we are able to start improving. For example, in Germany, with the launch of ZINBRYTA, this is now four months that we can see the share grow up to two years of being stable. In France, improved implementation for TEC, all-time high during the last results, during the prior audited results. But it's not the case everywhere. In the U.S., we've been a bit penalized as a market leader, with the contraction of the market in 2016. We believe this will normalize with the launch of OCRE, the way Paul said. This will expand the market, and the market will return to low single-digit growth. And the market leader will also benefit from that. So, it's (46:03) situation based on a very respectable competitor that will be launched this year, and with very good data in clinical trial setting that has to be confirmed with the label, we'll see, but also in real world. So, but in the meantime, we have 250,000 patients on TEC. The safety perception and efficacy perception on our product is well characterized. And we have many cards to play and play well. And we are launching in Japan. And last, but not least, for OCRE don't forget that we have tiered royalties in the U.S. from 13.5% to 24%. So, will be an exciting year. And again, I want to reassess that we remain fully committed in MS with the current portfolio and a lot of the current launches and lifecycle management opportunities.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Michael Yee with RBC Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Michael Yee - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Thanks. And appreciate all of the guidance clarity, as well. Wanted to ask a little more on SPINRAZA. You made some comments about managed care and things like that and some headwinds with the launch to get ramped. But I wanted to just ask, how many sites are available? How are you ramping this? How fast you think that could by the end of the year? And are people trying to write for Type 2 patients? And how is managed care handling all of that? Thanks so much.
Paul J. Clancy - Biogen, Inc.: Gosh, Michael, I mean, we don't have many more calls to be able to say, it's early days, but it's still pretty early days. As we've pointed out, it's 40 or 50 sites that is a big percentage of the business in the United States, and then it broadens out from there. We are doing meaningful medical education across United States. We have a go-to-market, if you will, that includes going and providing care to the families and understanding. But I would say, we're early days in trying to get through these capacity constraints and early days with respect to reimbursement in all the insurer coverage. I know it's a very important thing, and what we'll try to do is in Reg FD settings, update people along the way, as we move through the launch.
Michel Vounatsos - Biogen, Inc.: So, what we can see is that it's a state-by-state opportunity, and this varies, obviously . This week we had the approval from a very large Medicaid coverage, but I will not say more at this stage on this one, because you saw also the Anthem decision. So, we believe that over time, logic will prevail in terms of having the patient access in therapy that is proven to save lives. And the demand from the patient side is there and is strong. This I can tell you. Concerning the early access program that we have open, in the U.S., we had 62 patients in 15 sites and ex U.S. we have 146 patients in 13 countries. So, all of those factors are coming into play. And so far, we are satisfied with the progress that we are making.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Matthew Harrison with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Matthew K. Harrison - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Great. Good morning, everybody Thanks for taking the question. I'm going to ask one, and I'm not sure if you'll answer, but I'll ask anyway. I think one of the major questions people still have after the TECFIDERA settlement is a scenario where you guys win the interference but lose the IPR. And I think a lot of people are wondering what that outcome could look like vis-a-vis the settlement with Forward, and if there really is any extended protection in that scenario. And why you might structure the settlement with Forward to allow that as a potential outcome? So, any confidence you can give us that, that sort of downside scenario can't happen?
Paul J. Clancy - Biogen, Inc.: Okay, Matt. This is Paul. We're going to have a hard time really engaging on this, obviously. So, I can't really get into specifics, because it does get into kind of legal strategy and all of that type of stuff. The way to think about the announcement that we made a couple of weeks ago on Forward Pharma, I think, is probably twofold. One is which, obviously, you're getting at. But one is the economics, which we laid out. And that was all about trying to reduce uncertainty in what we thought was a very prudent deployment and a good structuring of the economics. The second was kind of the structure and kind of keeping the interference going, and so on and so forth. And that was designed to attempt to ensure certainly, and that's what we believe, that we have the strongest patents over the long term across various scenarios, both in the U.S. and in the EU. So, there's lots of different scenarios. People have written about it. But that's probably about as far as I can. Thanks for the question.
Operator: Your next question comes from Josh Schimmer with Piper Jaffray. Please go ahead.
Joshua E. Schimmer - Piper Jaffray & Co.: Thanks for taking my question. I just want to come back to SPINRAZA. I guess I'm a little confused by some of the comments that you're obviously excited and well-resourced. You even expect upwards COGS pressure from the SPINRAZA royalty, but also projecting slow and gradual due to access reimbursement. I guess, given the evidence that suggests high misfunction in SMA, I'm surprised there'd be any tolerance for delayed uptake, either for logistics or reimbursement in this population. Maybe you can discuss whether awareness and urgency to treat this disease is really where it should be? And if not, why not? Thanks.
Paul J. Clancy - Biogen, Inc.: Yeah, I mean, I think that, Josh, what you laid out is what we'd agree is this is the ambiguity of the uptake. And we're only weeks in. The awareness of SPINRAZA, I think, is absolutely there, tight knit community, extremely tight-knit set of physicians as well. As people know, when we talked about and provided top line data on the second interim readout, we alluded to that there was a chance we'd get approval in the fourth quarter or early 2017. Even though we conveyed that, that actually was not the general belief in the physician community. I think people were thinking more like spring. So, we went to work, trying to get that ready. But there's still a little bit of work around capacity constraints. And then what you point out is obviously the other big countervailing force, right? This is tremendous unmet need to patients that have a dire outcome. And I think we talk about that in Type 1, but I would say, that Type 2 is similar for any family that's burdened with this disease.
Michel Vounatsos - Biogen, Inc.: So, a gradual uptake throughout the year is that we should envision realistically, and this is of course (54:22) that this is absolutely the way that we (54:26) And again, the demand is there, and patients, through the doctors, through the providers, or directly to the call centers are getting engaged. So, these are very positive signs, obviously.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ian Somaiya with Bank of Montreal. Please go ahead.
Paul J. Clancy - Biogen, Inc.: He's probably an Atlanta Falcons fan.
Matthew Calistri - Biogen, Inc.: You might be on mute. If you're asking a question right now, we cannot hear you.
M. Ian Somaiya - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Yep, you're right. I was on mute. And no, my Giants lost early, so. (55:12) So, I was really hoping to just get your thoughts on other Alzheimer's approaches, specifically the a-beta pros that probio drug is taking, and just given the interest there. And separately, the recent advancement of a gene therapy product targeting TAL. Just your thoughts and your inclination in terms of maybe duplicating those efforts.
Paul J. Clancy - Biogen, Inc.: Well, let me start, and Mike, I'm sure, will have other things to add. The probio drug approach is to go after plaque, essentially. The pyroglutamated form is thought to be (55:53) for the plaque. And it's a way to get after the plaque. I think in that sense, it's not that different from the aducanumab approach, which is to go after the plaque. I think it's an interesting approach. But as I said, I think it overlaps significantly with our approach. And the other approaches to AD in addition to TAL, one of the things we're very interested in is neuroinflammation. There are genetics that point to neuroinflammatory pathways. Biogen has a strong history in inflammation and in neuro, and we have some real expertise internally. And so, we're going after some targets that are related to neuroinflammation. And then I think we like the idea of combining things ultimately. I think, ultimately, we're going to see AD treatment being a combination of approaches and all with different mechanisms of actions. So, that's how we're looking at things, but Mike?
Michael D. Ehlers, M.D., Ph.D. - Biogen, Inc.: Well, I guess, the only thing I would say specifically on this is, as Al mentioned, the pyroglu a-beta antibody is largely a similar core hypothesis, going after plaque beta amyloid. There may be some differences in specific epitopes that would have to play out. It's also kind of less clear how that intervention causes biomarker changes typical of other a-beta antibodies. That's another thing that would have to play out. I think that things with gene therapy as a general approach was the other question you asked about. We're very interested in gene therapy. AAV is a modality, in general. I think there's a lot of excitement around that. We have very active programs in our collaboration with UPenn. There's still a lot of things that have to be worked out in terms of the technology, the safety profile, the manufacturing and bioprocesses. My own feeling is that this will initially be most beneficial in more severe genetic diseases, rather than genetically heterogeneous common diseases. That's the way that we're thinking about it, but we like AAVs as a general approach.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Robyn Karnauskas with Citigroup. Please go ahead.
Robyn Karnauskas - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Hi, guys. Thank you. And I appreciate the comments that you've made on this market so far, but I had one more. So, if you look at IMS, it appears that TECFIDERA's declining, and I think AUBAGIO is growing. So, maybe you could help us understand what you're seeing on this trend, and what you might be doing to control the trend? And if there's any pricing pressure or anything like that on the orals from this on TECFIDERA in the U.S. and the EU? Thanks.
Michel Vounatsos - Biogen, Inc.: So, I will not comment on the third-party's data. Let's have them answer. (58:50). They had a methodology change, so I have noticed what you have noticed. What is important is that we continue on the demand generation to perform, and that the team is able to generate the demand as expected. From the data we have, we see a very slight erosion of TEC around the 19.2%, 19.1% (59:14) slight erosion. We can certainly see the inroads of AUBAGIO from the whole activity low base. This we can see. And we have to do a better job at that.
Matthew Calistri - Biogen, Inc.: Yeah, we're going to take one more question.
Operator: And your final questions comes from Alethia Young with Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
Alethia Young - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Hey, guys. Thanks for taking my question. I guess, I was curious if you could provide maybe some potential color around like when you think about some of the prevalences in some of the other markets for SMA, like Japan, Canada, or Australia, which could be on the horizon in the next 12 to 24 months? Thanks.
Paul J. Clancy - Biogen, Inc.: Well, I know of no regional differences in the incidents of SMA or the prevalence. We actually have filed for approval in Australia, Canada, and Japan, as well as Europe. And so, yeah, I mean, we would love to ultimately  I think every child with SMA deserves treatment. And so, that would be our goal.
Michel Vounatsos - Biogen, Inc.: So, we want to provide the product for the patient in need all around the globe. And in Asia-Pac, there are plenty of opportunities. I'll be with Al and all the members of the team flying at the end of the week to Japan to meet authorities to discuss also SMA, so we are committed. We are meeting with authorities, and we are working on that.
Michel Vounatsos - Biogen, Inc.: Thank you, all. Thank you for attending our call. And talk to you very soon.
Operator: Thank you, everyone. This will conclude today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2016 Q3  (2016-10-26 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Matthew Calistri - Biogen, Inc. George A. Scangos - Biogen, Inc. Michael D. Ehlers - Biogen, Inc. Michel Vounatsos - Biogen, Inc. Paul J. Clancy - Biogen, Inc. Alfred W. Sandrock - Biogen, Inc.
Analysts: Eric Schmidt, Ph.D. - Cowen & Co. LLC Geoff Meacham - Barclays Capital, Inc. Geoffrey C. Porges - Leerink Partners LLC Aaron Gal - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC Brian Abrahams - Jefferies LLC Michael Yee - RBC Capital Markets LLC Ying Huang - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Matthew K. Harrison - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC John Scotti - Evercore Group LLC Robyn Karnauskas - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker) Christopher Raymond - Raymond James & Associates, Inc. Cory W. Kasimov - JPMorgan Securities LLC
Operator: Good morning. My name is Dan, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Biogen third quarter 2016 financial results and business update. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. Thank you. I now would like to turn the conference over to Matthew Calistri, Senior Director of Investor Relations. You may begin your conference.
Matthew Calistri - Biogen, Inc.: Thank you, Dan, and welcome, everyone, to Biogen's third quarter 2016 earnings conference call. Before we begin, I encourage everyone to go to the Investors section of biogen.com to find the press release and related financial tables, including a reconciliation of the GAAP to non-GAAP financial measures that we'll discuss today. Our GAAP financials are provided in Tables 1 and 2. Table 3 includes a reconciliation of our GAAP to non-GAAP financial results. We believe non-GAAP financial results better represent the ongoing economics of our business and reflect how we manage the business internally. We have also posted slides on our website that follow the discussions related to this call. I would like to point out that we will be making forward-looking statements which are based on our current expectations and beliefs. These statements are subject to certain risks and uncertainties, and our actual results may differ materially. I encourage you to consult the risk factors discussed in our SEC filings for additional detail. On today's call, I'm joined by our Chief Executive Officer, Dr. George Scangos; Dr. Michael Ehlers, EVP of Research and Development; our Chief Commercial Officer, Michel Vounatsos; and our CFO, Paul Clancy. We'll also be joined for the Q&A portion of the call by our Chief Medical Officer, Dr. Al Sandrock. Now I'll turn the call over to George.
George A. Scangos - Biogen, Inc.: Okay. Thanks, Matt, and good morning, everyone. Thanks for joining us today. I'm happy to say Biogen delivered another solid quarter, complete with strong financial performance and significant advancements in the pipeline. For the third quarter of 2016, Biogen generated a record $3 billion in revenues, a 6% increase from the same period a year ago. Our GAAP earnings were $4.71 per share, a 13% increase versus Q3 last year. and non-GAAP earnings were $5.19 per share, a 16% increase. I'll come back to the financials in a minute, but first I'd like to highlight some of the important third quarter pipeline progress. One of the most exciting milestones this quarter was the positive interim analysis of nusinersen in the ENDEAR study. Recognizing the tremendous need in the SMA community, we moved quickly, established the Expanded Access program, and completed the NDA filing with the FDA in less than two months, the fastest filing time in Biogen's 38-year history. We continue to be grateful to the patients, families, investigators, and employees who worked tirelessly to bring this program to this point. We've also filed with the EMA, where nusinersen has received Accelerated Assessment status. If approved, nusinersen would be the first treatment for patients with spinal muscular atrophy, a leading genetic cause of death in infants. We were honored when one of our key pipeline programs was featured on the cover of Nature, specifically, the results of our preclinical research and Phase 1b study of aducanumab. This rare distinction was a first for Biogen research and one that I think further highlights the important work that we're doing in the area of Alzheimer's disease. We also announced that aducanumab was granted Fast Track designation by the FDA. Our commercial business continued to deliver solid results this quarter. We furthered our leadership in MS through the launch of ZINBRYTA in collaboration with AbbVie, and we continued to grow the number of patients benefiting from our full portfolio of MS products. Our third quarter hemophilia revenues grew to $217 million, and we've made further progress with the spinoff of our hemophilia business into a separate, independent, publicly traded company, known as Bioverativ, with the initial filing of the Form 10 in August. We continue to expect to complete that transaction in early 2017. In Europe, we doubled our biosimilars revenues over the prior quarter, as BENEPALI continues to launch in markets across the continent and pick up share at a rate previously unseen for a biosimilar anti-TNF. And we launched FLIXABI, our biosimilar of infliximab. We continue to believe that our work in biosimilars is an important growth opportunity for Biogen. So we've seen great progress in both our pipeline and our commercial portfolio during the quarter. As you'll hear shortly from Mike and Michel, our entire executive leadership team is focused on driving commercial performance, prioritizing our assets, advancing our clinical programs, and reshaping our pipeline. And our 7,000 employees globally remain committed to delivering therapies that we believe can make a positive difference in the lives of patients. I'll now turn the call over to Mike so that he can give you a thorough update on our pipeline.
Michael D. Ehlers - Biogen, Inc.: Thank you, George, and good morning, everyone. Let me provide some highlights from this quarter, starting with multiple sclerosis. Last month at ECTRIMS, we presented clinical findings from our broad portfolio of MS therapies as well as top line results for opicinumab, or anti-LINGO, a potential neuroreparative therapy for people with relapsing forms of multiple sclerosis. We presented real-world data and clinical evidence showing that TECFIDERA consistently demonstrates strong efficacy by reducing MS disease activity in patients that have had up to 9 years of treatment. These data also affirm TECFIDERA's well characterized safety profile. Importantly, we believe these findings provide additional support for the early use of TECFIDERA to improve patient outcomes. Data were also presented for ZINBRYTA, our newly launched once-monthly, self-administered subcutaneous treatment option for relapsing forms of MS. A new post-hoc analysis from the pivotal DECIDE study showed that a significantly greater number of people treated with ZINBRYTA showed no evidence of disease activity compared to those taking intramuscular interferon. Additional new interim data from the long-term extension study, EXTEND, show that treatment with ZINBRYTA had long-term benefits in the proportion of patients who remained relapse-free as well as those who did not experience 24-week confirmed disability progression. For opicinumab, we presented top line results from the Phase 2 SYNERGY study in MS, in which opicinumab missed the primary endpoint. However, we believe the robust design of this study has allowed us to identify an appropriate patient population and dose to move forward with development. Within the 10 milligram per kilogram dosing arm of the study, we identified a treatment effect in patients whose MRI scans had specific features suggesting evidence of reduced myelination and intact axons at study entry. This subset represented approximately 1/4 of all patients in the SYNERGY study. Based on these data, we hypothesize that patients with similar features may have the potential to benefit from treatment with opicinumab. We are in the final stages of designing the next study and look forward to providing an update in the coming months. Turning to another late-stage asset, we made significant progress advancing nusinersen this quarter. As George highlighted, in August Biogen and Ionis announced that we met the pre-specified primary endpoint upon interim analysis of ENDEAR. In the analysis, patients with infantile onset SMA, or SMA consistent with Type 1, who were treated with nusinersen demonstrated a highly statistically significant and clinically meaningful improvement in the achievement of motor milestones as measured by the Hammersmith Infant Neurological Examination. The responder analysis looked at achievement of tangible milestones like kicking, head control, rolling, sitting, crawling, standing, and walking. And we believe the results provide a real demonstration of the value nusinersen could bring for patients and their families. Data from the other endpoints analyzed were also consistently in favor of the treated infants. The ENDEAR study remains ongoing and will be stopped once enrolled patients complete their next office visit, when it is anticipated to happen for all patients before the end of the year. Once this occurs, we will be able to provide more detailed efficacy data, including an analysis on survival. During the quarter, we also successfully completed the rolling submission of the New Drug Application to the FDA for nusinersen. The U.S. filing was submitted less than two months after the positive interim analysis of the ENDEAR trial, a significant accomplishment for the company and recognition of the urgent need in this community. We have applied for Priority Review, which if granted will shorten the review period for nusinersen following the agency's acceptance of the filing. Earlier this month, we also filed a Marketing Authorization Application to the European Medicines Agency. The EMA's Committee for Medicinal Products for Human Use has granted nusinersen Accelerated Assessment status, which can also reduce the standard review time. And we look forward to working with both agencies over the coming months to bring this treatment to patients as quickly as possible. For nusinersen, our regulatory submissions are comprised of results from the pre-specified interim analysis of ENDEAR as well as all other clinical and preclinical data currently available, including open-label data in both Types 2 and 3 SMA patients. We are seeking a broad label for the treatment of SMA in our current filing applications in the U.S. and the EU. Our other randomized placebo-controlled Phase 3 study, CHERISH, in children with later-onset SMA consistent with Type 2, was fully enrolled in March this year and remains on track for completion in the first half of 2017. Earlier this month, we presented additional data for nusinersen at the 2016 World Muscle Society Congress in Granada, Spain. The presentations included safety results from the interim analysis of the Phase 3 ENDEAR study, which demonstrated a favorable safety profile. Analysis of the ongoing Phase 2 open-label study NURTURE demonstrated a positive effect in genetically diagnosed and pre-symptomatic SMA infants. In the NURTURE interim analysis, all 13 infants have demonstrated increases in mean Hammersmith Infant Neurological Exam scores over time, and no infants have discontinued, withdrawn from the study, or reached the primary endpoint of death or respiratory intervention in patients who have been enrolled for a minimum of 64 days and up to 13 months. A recent analysis of data from the CS2 and CS12 open-label studies in patients with later-onset SMA, which included both Type 2 and Type 3 patients, was also presented at World Muscle. The data showed that children with SMA treated with nusinersen exhibited improvements on several measures of motor function for up to nearly three years. These results are in contrast to the stable or slow decline in scores typically observed in patients with later-onset SMA over time. We continue to be encouraged by the consistently positive results for nusinersen, which we believe support its benefit in SMA. Now turning to Alzheimer's disease, during the quarter, a number of exciting developments occurred for our lead candidate, aducanumab. As George mentioned, results from preclinical research in the Phase 1b study of aducanumab were published in Nature, a significant achievement for the program and recognition of Biogen's high-caliber science. Aducanumab was granted Fast Track designation by the FDA, an important step in bringing this potential therapy to patients as quickly as possible. And in a recently completed interim analysis from the Phase 1b study, which included the titration cohort Arms 8 and 9 and a portion of the long-term extension study, efficacy and safety were consistent with results previously reported and support the design of the ongoing Phase 3 ENGAGE and EMERGE studies. The data from both the titration cohort and a portion of the long-term extension study of PRIME have been accepted to the ninth Clinical Trials in Alzheimer's Disease [CTAD] meeting in San Diego, and we look forward to sharing additional safety and efficacy data with you in December. We're also making important progress across our pipeline, and we continue to shape our R&D engine for the future. Last year we announced an agreement to license amiselimod, an oral sphingosine 1-phosphate receptor modulator, from Mitsubishi Tanabe. Since announcing the license agreement, we assessed the compound for a number of autoimmune indications, with a particular interest in inflammatory bowel disease. As we prioritize our strategic objectives and the IBD landscape continues to evolve, we've decided to discontinue our current development plan for amiselimod. As we mentioned last quarter, we generated encouraging Phase 1 data on BIIB059, our anti-BDCA2 for lupus. The anti-BDCA2 Phase 1 study included both healthy volunteers and a cohort of 12 lupus subjects. We anticipate presenting these data at ACR next month, including results from the lupus cohort. A Phase 2 study evaluating the efficacy and safety is BIIB059 is underway, with the first subject dose this month. We're also working to advance BIIB074, a novel investigational state-dependent subtype selective sodium channel blocker for neuropathic pain. We have initiated an open-enrollment Phase 2b trial for lumbosacral radiculopathy, also known as sciatica. We are also close to completing enrollment in a small exploratory Phase 2a study in erythromelalgia, and we are working toward initiating a Phase 3 study in trigeminal neuralgia in 2017. BG00011 or STX-100 for idiopathic pulmonary fibrosis [IPF] is enrolling its final cohort in a Phase 2a study, and we expect to present the data after the trial completes in the second half of next year. BG00011 blocks alpha(v)beta disintegrin, which is selectively upregulated in epithelial cells and fibrotic conditions such as IPF, and is known to be a key mediator of TGF beta activation. We believe early safety and biomarker results from this study evaluating BG00011 in IPF patients are encouraging. In summary, we continue to make strong progress across our pipeline, and we are working aggressively to optimize and reshape our R&D activities, focusing resources to rapidly advance assets that present the greatest opportunity and address unmet need. With that, I will now pass the call to Michel.
Michel Vounatsos - Biogen, Inc.: Thank you, Mike. This is a solid quarter for our MS business. Our portfolio of MS therapies delivered revenues of $2.3 billion, an increase of 3% versus Q3 last year and 2% versus Q2. Excluding the impact of foreign exchange, MS revenues increased 5% versus Q3 last year and 2.5% versus Q2. Biogen maintained its global leading market share of 38% and remains the leader for both newly diagnosed and switch patients, representing the dynamic portion of the MS market. As I communicated during our last call, the commercial organization is now focusing on four key opportunities: portfolio strategy; commercial excellence; medical leadership; trust and value. Since the beginning of Q3, we are now in execution mode, especially for MS in the U.S. With portfolio strategy, we have progressed and now identified our prioritized growth opportunities for now and 2017. It is all about making hard choices, driving consistency in resource allocation, and following through with tactical plans and execution. With commercial excellence, in the U.S. we have piloted and defined a specific engagement model with key MS centers. The rollout is expected to be completed by year end. Additionally, we are currently enhancing our sophistication in multichannel marketing, with a strong focus on digital execution capabilities. We need to meet our customers where they are, defined by the customer journey, to provide a seamless and differentiated Biogen engagement experience, whether through direct, digital, or other media. These are important steps, not only to improve performance in the short term, but also towards the creation of a new go-to-market model that is more effective and at a lower cost. In terms of medical leadership, during the third quarter, our R&D colleagues have identified several key opportunities as to how to improve MS care today. We believe we have the opportunity to bring to use a regular and competitive measurement of disease progression, including cognition and imaging. In addition, we just launched our MS Paths initiative that we believe will create a standardized high-quality data repository from the very diverse real-world patient population in the U.S. and EU. We believe this will open new and differentiated engagement opportunities with major MS clinical centers in the U.S. and in Europe. And finally, trust and value, we are developing "beyond the pill" solutions that we believe will meet customers' day-to-day needs in living with or treating MS. We are working on establishing the leading ecosystem for patients and providers to improve patient outcomes. We believe that Biogen is the only company that has the position and commitment to MS to be able to provide this level of support in a trustworthy and valuable way. Across these four priority areas, we have well-defined plans. And as I said, since early Q3, we are now in execution mode. Delivering on those well means enhancing the fundamental capability of the commercial operation at Biogen. These priorities are intended to not only drive performance for our inline products, but also to prepare the organization for current and future product launches. Turning to MS performance, in the U.S., the overall MS market has experienced a 2% decline in commercial patients versus Q3 last year; while in Europe, the market continues to grow, with a 7% increase in patients versus Q3 last year. For TECFIDERA, global market share has increased by approximately 1 point to 15% versus Q3 last year. In the U.S. we had a stable TECFIDERA performance. TECFIDERA continues to capture roughly half of all patients starting on an oral, with a current oral share of 51%. And overall patient share remains relatively stable at 20% since the beginning of the year. This is a clear leadership position for all three metrics. In Europe, there are approximately 65,000 patients on TECFIDERA, an increase of approximately 30% versus Q3 last year and approximately 4% versus Q2. TECFIDERA is now the most prescribed MS therapy in Germany, France, the UK, and Italy, with more recently launched markets continuing to drive patient growth. We do aspire to restore growth to the more mature markets, and we are very pleased to see early indicators that TECFIDERA gained share this quarter in France following two quarters of lagged performance. Over the past year, TYSABRI has seen steady incremental share gains globally as it continues to add patients, driven by increased share in the U.S. as well as in the emerging markets. As we continue to see a shift towards increased use of high-efficacy therapies, we believe TYSABRI is benefiting from growing first-line use in the U.S. In Europe, we are also encouraged by the recent update extending the indication for TYSABRI and allowing physicians to better optimize risk management based on JC virus antibody index values. Following the EU label approval, we have also received similar label updates in Japan, Canada, and Switzerland. Our interferon therapies continue to play an important role amongst the injectable portion of the market. We believe PLEGRIDY is helping to slow the decline of our interferons, though it does not completely compensate for the loss of AVONEX patients. In collaboration with AbbVie, we launched ZINBRYTA in August in the U.S. and Germany, and we just recently obtained approval in Australia. We believe the launch of ZINBRYTA comes at the right time, as we see a trend towards increased use of high-efficacy products with both current therapies and future entrants. While early in the launch, we are encouraged by the level of physician and patient interest in the strong product profile. In the U.S., for example, over half of our target physicians have completed enrollment on our REMS [Risk Evaluation and Mitigation Strategy] program, enabling them to begin prescribing. These are early data, but we see indications that we are capturing many switching patients who otherwise might not have chosen a Biogen product. So it appears that our positioning and execution is working. Looking forward, we expect to receive reimbursement for ZINBRYTA in all the major European markets within the next 12 to 18 months. So overall, we had a solid performance this quarter across our MS business despite the recent slowdown in the overall MS commercial market in the U.S. We are also very excited about the continued progress of our biosimilar business. BENEPALI is now available in 13 countries. And in most markets, we are seeing a conversion rate superior to the first infliximab biosimilar launch in Europe, with up to 60% to 80% conversion in markets such as Norway or Denmark. With BENEPALI, we believe we are able to compete beyond price. We are seeing a strong preference for the BENEPALI auto-injector versus that of the originator, with our research indicating that 86% of the nurses prefer our device. We recently also launched our infliximab biosimilar, FLIXABI, which is now available in Germany, the UK, and the Netherlands, with three additional countries anticipated in Q4. We believe our ability to potentially be the first company to offer all three major anti-TNFs in Europe could put us in a position of strength in the market. We believe biosimilars are an important growth opportunity for Biogen as we work to optimize our engagement with stakeholders across the healthcare system. In summary, we had a very productive quarter across our MS business in terms of performance. We are encouraged with our new product launches, and we see clear progress as we work hard to elevate our commercial execution capabilities to new levels and as we improve our go-to-market model. Also, we are particularly excited about the potential to soon launch nusinersen for SMA. With approximately 20,000 patients across the U.S., Europe, and Japan, and no available treatments today, we believe nusinersen represents a significant opportunity for both Biogen, and more importantly, for the patients who today have no treatment option. With that, I'll turn the call over to Paul.
Paul J. Clancy - Biogen, Inc.: Thanks, Michel. In the third quarter, our GAAP diluted earnings per share were $4.71, a 13% increase versus Q3 last year, while our non-GAAP diluted earnings per share were $5.19, an increase of 16%. Total revenue for Q3 grew 6% versus Q3 last year to approximately $3 billion. Global third quarter TECFIDERA revenues were $1.034 billion, an increase of 10% versus Q3 of last year. This included revenues of $845 million in the U.S., an increase of 12% versus Q3 last year, and $189 million outside the U.S., an increase of 3% versus Q3 last year. In the U.S., we believe TECFIDERA benefited by approximately $40 million to $50 million versus Q2 due to inventory build in the channel. Outside the U.S., Q3 TECFIDERA decreased by $17 million versus Q2, largely driven by parallel trade dynamics. Versus Q3 last year, foreign exchange and hedge impact weakened TECFIDERA revenues by approximately $17 million. Interferon revenues, including both AVONEX and PLEGRIDY, were $708 million during the third quarter, a decrease of 10% versus Q3 last year. This included $506 million in the U.S. and $203 million in sales outside the U.S. In the U.S., we believe there was a drawdown of AVONEX inventory in the wholesale channel, resulting in approximately $10 million versus Q2. Outside the U.S., foreign exchange and hedge impact weakened interferon revenue by approximately $20 million versus Q3 last year. TYSABRI worldwide revenues were $515 million this quarter, an increase of 7% versus Q3 last year. This included $301 million in the U.S. and $214 million outside the U.S. Outside the U.S., TYSABRI revenues benefited by $20 million due to a favorable adjustment to our discounts and allowances. Foreign exchange and the hedge impact weakened TYSABRI revenue by approximately $16 million versus Q3 last year. Our hemophilia products continued to perform well this quarter. ELOCTATE revenues for the quarter were $132 million, an increase of 46% versus Q3 last year. This includes $110 million in the U.S. and $22 million outside the U.S. ALPROLIX revenues in Q3 were $85 million, an increase of 30% versus Q3 last year, including $67 million in the U.S. and $19 million outside the U.S. Our biosimilar business generated $31 million in revenues this quarter, driven primarily by BENEPALI. Turning to our AFICD-20 revenues, which include our profit share for RITUXAN and GAZYVA in the United States as well as our profit share and royalties on sales of rituximab outside the U.S., we recorded $318 million for Q3, a decrease from Q2, driven by a reduction in inventory from the second quarter. Total other revenues, which include revenues from collaboration relationships, royalties, and contract manufacturing, were $99 million in the third quarter. The increase versus Q2 was related to contract manufacturing for a strategic partner, slightly offset by a $13 million loss in our AbbVie collaboration profit share. Now turning to the expense lines on the P&L, Q3 GAAP cost of goods sold was $417 million or 14% of revenue. Non-GAAP COGS was $396 million or 13% of revenue. The increase versus Q2 was primarily attributable to a mid-single-digit royalty on U.S. sales of both AVONEX and PLEGRIDY. Q3 GAAP and non-GAAP R&D expense was $529 million or 18% of revenue. Both GAAP and non-GAAP R&D expense included a $75 million payment to Ionis related to the exercise of our opt-in right to develop and commercialize nusinersen globally. I'd like to note that our collaboration partner Eisai has stated their goal to start a Phase 3 trial for E2609. A $50 million milestone payment is expected to be triggered once the first patient is dosed in the E2609 Phase 3 trial, and there's a potential chance they could dose the first patient by the end of this year. The $50 million milestone was not considered in our midyear 2016 R&D guidance. Q3 GAAP SG&A expense was $463 million. Q3 non-GAAP SG&A expense was $461 million or 16% of revenue. Other net expense was $58 million in Q3, which includes $66 million in interest expense, primarily related to our 2015 bond offering. In Q3, both our GAAP and non-GAAP tax rates were approximately 25%. Our weighted average diluted share count was approximately $219 million for Q3, which brings us to our diluted earnings per share, which were $4.71 on a GAAP basis and $5.19 on a non-GAAP basis. We ended the quarter with $7.4 billion in cash and marketable securities, with approximately 40% of this in the United States. During the quarter, we repurchased 1.1 million shares of the company's common stock for a total value of $349 million. So as often, we had a number of puts and takes in the quarter, nevertheless a very solid financial quarter. I'll turn the call over to George for his closing comments.
George A. Scangos - Biogen, Inc.: Okay, thank you, Paul. I'm very pleased with what we've accomplished this quarter. We delivered solid commercial performance, strong financial results, and important advances in the pipeline. I'm particularly excited about the direction we're heading as we finish 2016 and look forward to 2017 and beyond. As I've said, I believe we're at the beginning of a transformative era in neurodegeneration, which could result in a new era for Biogen as well. We're already starting to see the types of discoveries that can be expected as science advances and innovative trial designs yield previously unseen results and insights. We believe the early data for aducanumab point to additional opportunities to invest in novel science to address Alzheimer's disease and other neurodegenerative diseases. The insights we've gained from the SYNERGY trial are teaching us more about remyelination, and we're enthusiastic about moving opicinumab forward. And the encouraging results we're seeing from nusinersen point to the possibility that there can be entirely new mechanisms and modalities for treating the many daunting diseases of the central nervous system. I'm proud to have led Biogen for more than 6 years now, and it's gratifying to me to be in a position to turn a high-performing organization over to a successor. Our board search for a new CEO is progressing. We don't have a formal update on timing yet. But as you'd expect, the opportunity to lead Biogen is generating plenty of interest. And in the meantime, I'm working closely with our management team as we strive to realize our goals for 2016 and kick off a busy and productive 2017. We're fortunate to have a great leadership team and a passionate group of employees who come to work every day to make a positive impact on patients' lives, and I thank all of them for their hard work and dedication. Thanks to all of you for joining us this morning, and we'll now open up the call for questions.
Operator: Your first question comes from the line of Eric Schmidt from Cowen & Company. Please go ahead.
Eric Schmidt, Ph.D. - Cowen & Co. LLC: Thanks for the question and congrats on a solid quarter. I was hoping you could talk a little bit more about the parallel trade issue associated with TECFIDERA. Is that something new? Is there anything you can do about it? Is it going to get worse in the future? Thanks.
Paul J. Clancy - Biogen, Inc.: Thanks, Eric. This is Paul. I'll try to take a crack at it. We didn't point it out last quarter. So in fairness, looking at the numbers this quarter, we noticed it in looking backwards. It effectively happens when a low-priced country gets extra purchasing patents and it ends up in a more higher-priced company. Across all of our products, we look hard at this, and we try to, to the extent we can, manage it. We haven't, across the whole time in multiple sclerosis, for 10 or 15 years, seen this to be a big issue, but we'll continue to try to manage it. I don't expect it to be a meaningful issue as we go forward over the next bunch of quarters. It could bounce around every now and then though. Thanks for the question.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Geoff Meacham from Barclays. Please go ahead.
Geoff Meacham - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Good morning, guys. Congrats on the quarter and thanks for the question. Just on the remyelination side for Mike or Al, so what are the puts and takes of finding a population for anti-LINGO versus expanding the program for BIIB061? I'm just curious if you can use the lessons from SYNERGY to optimize BIIB061 development or if you have to prioritize one over the other. Thank you.
Michael D. Ehlers - Biogen, Inc.: Geoff, this is Mike. That's a good question. So my comment on the SYNERGY results is we've been using that data to really look at the potential for an identified population. We think we've found that. We think this is really going to inform our development of BIIB061. We're thinking about that very closely. There's reason to believe that the same population may be something we can investigate similarly with BIIB061. We think it will inform the development. That's going to be part of the plans for how we would develop opicinumab as well.
Alfred W. Sandrock - Biogen, Inc.: Maybe I could add to that. This is Al. The subpopulation that we identified has really good biological plausibility. In other words, these are patients who have evidence of intact axons. They have evidence of demyelination. This makes sense to us that both of these drugs would work better in this population, and that's why we're encouraged by these results.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Geoffrey Porges with Leerink Partners. Please go ahead.
Geoffrey C. Porges - Leerink Partners LLC: Thanks very much for the question. I just want to throw a few questions in on nusinersen. First, what would be the earliest that you would be in a position to actually launch the product if the FDA acted with the speed that they've acted on some other recent applications for high unmet need medications? Secondly, could you give us a sense of the number of patients continuing from the trials on an open-label basis and also the number of patients in the Expanded Access program, and when you would expect those to be converted to commercial patients? And then lastly, you mentioned the 20,000 patients with SMA in North America, Europe, and Japan. But what proportion of those do you consider to be really addressable with the label that you're filing for? Is that the population under 10 or infant onset, or is that just all now the different forms of SMA? Thanks, sorry for the multi-part question.
Michael D. Ehlers - Biogen, Inc.: Okay, Geoffrey, this is Mike. I'm going to start and then we're going to tag-team the multi-part question here. Hopefully we'll remember each of the parts.
Paul J. Clancy - Biogen, Inc.: We need all members of the management team to address it, so chime in.
Michael D. Ehlers - Biogen, Inc.: So first of all, on the filing, I do want to emphasize that we've submitted the file. We've applied for Priority Review. We haven't heard back on the determination of that. That will obviously dictate when we will get approval for that in the U.S. Similarly, the Accelerated Assessment application we have in Europe, again, that would potentially reduce the review time. But we're expecting that finally to be validated in the coming weeks. So there's some timing dependence on regulator acceptance of these Priority Review and Accelerated Assessment. With that, I'm going to let Michel talk about the launch based on that, but let me address a couple of the other things you mentioned. Our Expanded Access program is active. We've got patients who are receiving drug. This is obviously country-by-country specific in how they're administering it. And it's an ongoing work in progress. That program will really be relevant during this period while we're filed but before we've got approval. We anticipate that that's going to be a small number of patients that we can get in the relevant countries based on the criterion established in our Expanded Access program. On the incidence and prevalence and the label, what we would say is this is 20,000 patients prevalence today in the U.S., Europe, and Japan. SMA as a whole has an incidence of about 13,000 patients a year across those roughly. The data that we've submitted were from the interim analysis of ENDEAR. These were Type 1 patients. We've included data across all of our studies as well as preclinical data. We are going to seek a broad label for the treatment of SMA. This obviously will be something under review. And based on that, that will determine the overall size of the patient population, which I'll also let Michel comment on when I turn it over to him. My final comment on that would be we expect that if successful and launched that these prevalence numbers will increase over time to the extent that we have an impact on survival in these populations. So the label, there's a lot of open questions. We'll have to wait and see, and that is going to determine what the ultimate upside is. So, Michel, maybe I'll turn it over to you on the label.
Michel Vounatsos - Biogen, Inc.: Thank you, Mike. So basically, the label is a question mark. The timeline is also a question mark. I had the opportunity to review lately the U.S. operation in terms of launch readiness. And I can tell you that I'm very pleased with the team that is getting together, a high qualified, highly committed team in order to best serve the unmet medical needs together with hopefully a good product with a good label and approved on time. So the launch readiness is there. And basically the label will determine which proportion of the current prevalence we can address at launch. So for that, we have to wait a little bit. 20,000 patients in terms of prevalence in the year so actually that we have qualified, but there are many more beyond, and we are also looking into that.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ronny Gal with Bernstein. Please go ahead.
Aaron Gal - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: Good morning and thank you for the questions, so first a quick clarification. On the anti-LINGO, is this another Phase 2, or are you actually starting a pivotal program with that? And then my question is really on market access for multiple sclerosis in 2017. Now that those contracts have been written, can you give us a directional view as to your formulary access versus 2016 and the pricing environment for your products during that year?
Michael D. Ehlers - Biogen, Inc.: Okay, Ron, thanks for the question. This is Mike, and then I will probably let Al comment as well on opicinumab anti-LINGO. We're very much in the design phase of this, looking at the potential of a trial. We're looking at timing. We're looking at cost. We're looking at feasibility. We don't have an answer today, but we think in the coming weeks we'll have a determination about whether we conduct a Phase 2b trial or whether we look to go straight into Phase 3.
Alfred W. Sandrock - Biogen, Inc.: I don't have any further comment.
Michel Vounatsos - Biogen, Inc.: So concerning the formulary access in the U.S., we do not comment on the way 2017 will look like nor on the gross-to-net. What I can tell you is that the organization is committed to continue to generate profitable growth. And for that, we go after the cost picture forcefully, how we supply and how we procure our business. And as I explained earlier, we are working on our go-to-market model. We don't believe the reach and frequency model that prevailed in the past is sustainable, and we are basically, step by step, building a new go-to-market model. So we are working on that.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Brian Abrahams with Jefferies. Please go ahead.
Brian Abrahams - Jefferies LLC: Hi, thanks very much for taking my question. I guess a question for Mike. I was hoping you could clarify what you guys have meant on the aducanumab titration data, what you meant by efficacy results that are consistent with results previously reported. Are you referring to imaging or cognition? And then on the safety side, when you talk about safety looking consistent with what's previously been reported and supporting the design of the Phase 3s, does that suggest that the ARIA is consistent with what you're seeing, or does it support the idea of titration potentially reducing the risk of ARIA in certain populations? Thanks.
Michael D. Ehlers - Biogen, Inc.: Brian, thank you. Thank you for that. And by the way, these are all things which we will have a lot more to talk about at CTAD in San Diego in December. So let me comment on that. So when we say consistent with, we're referring to both imaging and functional endpoints in cognition. As you know, what we've looked at before is the CDR [Clinical Dementia Rating] sum of boxes and the MMSE [Mini-Mental State Examination] as well as amyloid PET. On the titration side and safety side, again, we'll have a lot more details on this. But what I'd say is what we're seeing is consistent with what we had hypothesized around for the safety basis of aducanumab. In other words, it's within the range of what we've seen and reported before with the Phase 1b study.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Michael Yee with RBC Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Michael Yee - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Thanks for the question, a follow-up on the Alzheimer's prior question. I just wanted to understand the context of the efficacy comments, in particular given that I think there are still some questions around the placebo arm, and I think that you're still using partly the pool of placebo from before. So I just want to understand the caveats and I guess how confident you are versus that arm. And then just a quick follow-up is you did mention the line about MT-1303. So I just wanted to understand what happened there. Is that a commercial competition thing, or what happened in that decision? Thanks so much.
Alfred W. Sandrock - Biogen, Inc.: Hi, Michael. This is Al Sandrock.
Michael Yee - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Yes.
Alfred W. Sandrock - Biogen, Inc.: The additional cohorts included some additional placebo patients. So we will show the data from the additional placebo patients as well as the placebo patients from prior cohorts, and that will be shown at CTAD. And the efficacy is on PET imaging as well as on the clinical cognitive assessments that we looked at previously, MMSE and CDR sum of boxes. That will all be shown at CTAD.
Michael D. Ehlers - Biogen, Inc.: So, Michael, this is Mike. I'll comment on amiselimod. As we looked at how the landscape was evolving, both in terms of the regulatory competitive landscape, changing features there, and the corresponding fit with our strategic priorities about where we could best allocate resources based on our own expertise and competency. We just determined that it wasn't as good of a fit as other things which we could allocate our resources towards.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ying Huang with Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Please go ahead.
Ying Huang - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Hi, good morning. Thanks for my question as well. Just quickly, we're all anxiously waiting for the top line from solanezumab Phase 3 in December. Can you frame us on what could the reason be for the Phase 3 program for aducanumab? And then secondly, what's your view on the recent data from AveXis gene therapy in SMA, and what that could mean for nusinersen in the commercial opportunity? Thank you.
Michael D. Ehlers - Biogen, Inc.: Okay, thanks for the question. Maybe I'll take a stab at this and see if anyone wants to open up. First of all, I don't think we'll speculate on the potential results of the solanezumab trial based on that. There are scenarios that one can envision that we are certainly taking into consideration. We very much look forward to seeing their data. A couple things I would point out on this is, although both are a-beta [amyloid beta] antibodies, these are actually fundamentally quite different mechanisms of action. So whereas we think if there were positive results out of the solanezumab trial, this would give great credence to the amyloid hypothesis of Alzheimer's disease, and I think bode well for the potential results of aducanumab. However, because these are fundamentally different mechanisms they're going at is that it is far more difficult to interpret a negative result if solanezumab were to find it, as we would be able to see it. We believe it will be much more difficult to make a conclusion about a negative result on solanezumab vis--vis the potential results of aducanumab. On AveXis, I think what we would comment is look, we welcome innovative therapies for SMA. We think this is a very serious, very important disease area. We're highly committed to this disease area and to the patients and families. We think that gene therapy has an overall approach is a viable one in spinal muscular atrophy. And in fact, we're quite excited about our own internal program that we have and our collaboration with UPenn in that regard as well. So we look forward to seeing how the combination of nusinersen potentially being launched and the next-generation therapeutics that we are certainly working on will play out over time. We see great prospect for the treatment of spinal muscular atrophy.
Alfred W. Sandrock - Biogen, Inc.: And the only thing I would add on the Alzheimer's is the population is a little different than solanezumab. They're studying the mild patients, which makes sense because that's where they saw some evidence of efficacy in EXPEDITION-2, whereas in the case of aducanumab, we're studying prodromal in the early mild patients. And I agree with everything Mike said about the differences in the antibody.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Matthew Harrison with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Matthew K. Harrison - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Great, thanks for taking the question. I appreciate it. I just wanted to go back to SMA for a second again and just try and better understand your comments around a broad label. I guess what data supports a label outside of SMA-1 patients? And what's the rationale that you might be able to achieve a label outside of SMA-1 patients ahead of the randomized study data? Thanks.
Michael D. Ehlers - Biogen, Inc.: Okay, Matthew, thanks for the question. I guess I would first start by saying we really are not going to comment on the data prospects for our label. What I will say is that we have ongoing studies in Type 2 patients where we're looking at the potential efficacy of nusinersen. As you know also, we have an ongoing trial, as I had mentioned, in pre-symptomatic genetically diagnosed infants. And so all of that data is data that we look to include in our filing application. And from that, the extent of the label that we achieve, that will be based on the agency's review of the totality of the data and the evidence. We will present evidence based on those populations in our effort to seek a broad label. What that data is we will be able to present at the appropriate time. Many of these studies have not completed.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of John Scotti with Evercore ISI. Please go ahead.
John Scotti - Evercore Group LLC: Great, thanks for taking my questions. On the CEO search, could you just elaborate a bit more? I'm not sure what exactly, but I know this is a big topic for investors right now. On timing, is it unreasonable to hear something by year end? And then exactly what is the profile of the person you're looking for? Is it someone from industry, out of industry, et cetera? And on the MS market, Michel, I had a quick question. You said that in the U.S. that volumes are declining year over year. Do you see this trend continuing? And if so, is it fair to say that any growth from TEC [TECFIDERA] with stable patient share and then I guess also perhaps the entire MS market as a whole would come from price going forward, or do you see volumes inflecting at some point? And if so, what would be the catalyst? Thank you.
George A. Scangos - Biogen, Inc.: Okay, this is George. Maybe I'll comment on the CEO search first. Look, I'm not going to comment on the specific timing. I can tell you that I think we all believe that the sooner we can get through this and have a new CEO come, the better it is for all of us. So it's a very active search. The board is interviewing a number of candidates. There are, as you would expect, very high-quality candidates coming in and being interviewed from a variety of backgrounds actually. And we'll give you an update on that as soon as we can. But I don't want to comment any more on the specific timing today.
Michel Vounatsos - Biogen, Inc.: So concerning the U.S. market, thanks for the question. What we had seen during the past quarters was basically a slowdown towards low single-digit market growth in the U.S. What we have seen during the past months or weeks was a shift in the mix between commercial and free that is impacting basically the commercial unit's performance. So I don't know if it's an overall market trend, but this is what we have seen internally. What I can tell you is that TECFIDERA remains the number one priority for the organization. We have a plan. As alluded to last time, we are working based on the portfolio work that we are doing on TEC GI discontinuation. That remains at an average of approximately 22%. We have a good opportunity to make some inroad there because basically the scope goes from 5% to 35%. So there are some MS centers where they are able to manage with the right engagement, and here there are different type of engagements that are being practiced in the different centers. There is no evidence yet. One can speculate that we can see a temporal association between the increase of eosinophil and the GI symptomatology, but this was not confirmed by clinical trials because of many different controlling factors. So we work on TEC GI. We see early signs that it's heading towards the right direction also in Europe, but it's too early to claim any big success here. We are working on the capture risks, and one balanced the other. That's why we have a stable patient base. And the base of the market is certainly lower than what we have estimated in our assumptions, but it's not an excuse for not increasing share. So we do not give up. We invest. We are committed. I can tell you the team in the U.S. is all up and running. They have piloted a new engagement model with the critical MS centers. I'm very pleased to see the perception improvement, and now we have to continue to execute. And the full rollout of this new plan will be towards the end of the year, or by latest early January. So we are committed. We don't give up on the large mature markets where the share of TEC is relatively stable versus the latest launch markets where we continue to make fast inroads, like in Italy, Spain, or the UK. And the good news is that we returned to positive France. And we continue for Germany and we continue for the U.S. We are committed. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Robyn Karnauskas with Citigroup. Please go ahead.
Robyn Karnauskas - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Hi, guys, thank you. So just to follow up on market trends in MS, so help us understand. Why do you think  is there anything going on with the MS market? Why is it shrinking in the U.S.? Are you seeing any people who are trying the orals and then hopping off and not getting back into the MS treatment bucket? And then on PLEGRIDY, the market, having a certain small percentage of the market is interesting, but do you think you can grow that? And what are you specifically doing to grow the PLEGRIDY market share? Thank you.
Michel Vounatsos - Biogen, Inc.: So thanks for the question. It's very difficult to speculate on the future trend of the market. So we have seen a couple of points negative for the quarter versus the prior year. This was not a situation during the prior quarters, so time will speak. We'll see over time, but I don't believe that this will be sustained. And again, I spoke about some trends in the marketplace between commercial units being commercialized and other channels. So we are committed to gain market share in a slower base of the market in all our mature markets, including the U.S.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Chris Raymond with Raymond James. Please go ahead.
Christopher Raymond - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Hey, thanks for letting me ask a question. Just back on to SMA and nusinersen, you guys have talked about your Expanded Access program and moving that forward. And it sounds like there's a desire here to get more patients on. We ran across some social media chatter from parents that seem to be complaining about at least some PIs that were looking to restrict access to this program. I wonder if you could  it seems to be a little bit at odds with what you guys have talked about. Can you maybe comment on that and maybe help explain what exactly is going on? Thanks.
Michael D. Ehlers - Biogen, Inc.: Chris, maybe I'll start. The essence is we're not going to comment on specific investigators or specific sites around this. I would say that our Expanded Access program was really designed to, in cases and at sites and countries where we were able to with this severe disease, before we're able to successfully launch hopefully if we get a favorable review, to maximize the access that we could based on criteria that were medically established at relevant sites. A lot of that is determined at the site and the country level. They determine that. And we are doing our best to ensure access in a way that makes sense but that does not jeopardize our filing and the potential approval of this for broad access. Our hope, by the way, is that this period will be short and that we'll be able to utilize the Priority Review and the Accelerated Assessment of the EMA to bring this to patients as quickly as possible so that this EAP program can be as short as possible.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Cory Kasimov with JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Cory W. Kasimov - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Hey, good morning and thank you for taking my question. I wanted to ask you about your broader biz-dev intentions. Obviously, you had the setback with MT-1303. But as we look forward, can you talk about your strategy here and how much you're able to act on it, if at all, while you have a CEO search ongoing? I guess is this part of the business that we should assume is on hold for the time being until you get someone in who can take stock of the overall organization, or are you still proceeding with diligence of other companies as usual? Thanks.
George A. Scangos - Biogen, Inc.: No, you should not assume this is on hold. We all believe this is an important part of what we have to accomplish. We are continuing with diligence on several companies as we speak, and that will continue. And we will continue to work aggressively to finalize some of these issues. I think the areas in which we are interested are clear. We have a very good R&D team now who can make the technical assessments. We have a great ability now to make the accurate commercial assessments. And so we are full speed ahead.
Matthew Calistri - Biogen, Inc.: All right, Dan, that should conclude the call for today. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you to everyone for attending. This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2016 Q2  (2016-07-21 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Matthew Calistri - Senior Director-Investor Relations George A. Scangos - Chief Executive Officer Michael D. Ehlers - Executive Vice President-Research & Development Michel Vounatsos - Chief Commercial Officer & Executive VP Paul J. Clancy - Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, Biogen, Inc. Alfred W. Sandrock, Jr. - Executive Vice President, Neurology Discovery & Development Center, Neurodegeneration Therapeutic Area and Chief Medical Officer
Analysts: Mark J. Schoenebaum - Evercore Group LLC Brian Abrahams - Jefferies LLC Geoffrey C. Porges - Leerink Partners LLC Eric Schmidt - Cowen & Co. LLC Geoff Meacham - Barclays Capital, Inc. Whitney G. Ijem - JPMorgan Securities LLC Michael Yee - RBC Capital Markets LLC Robyn Karnauskas - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker) Ronny Gal - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC Christopher Raymond - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.
Operator: Good morning. My name is Dan, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Biogen second quarter 2016 financial results and business update. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question and answer session. Thank you. I now would like to turn the call over to Mr. Matt Calistri, Senior Director of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Matthew Calistri - Senior Director-Investor Relations: Thanks, Dan. Thank you, everyone, and welcome to Biogen's second quarter 2016 earnings conference call. Before we begin, I encourage everyone to go to the Investors section of biogen.com to find the press release and related financial tables, including a reconciliation of the GAAP-to-non-GAAP financial measures that we'll discuss today. Our GAAP financials are provided in tables 1 and 2. Table 3 includes a reconciliation of our GAAP-to-non-GAAP financial results. We believe non-GAAP financial results better represent the ongoing economics of our business and reflect how we manage the business internally. We have also posted slides on our website that follow the discussions related to this call. I would like to point out that we will be making forward-looking statements, which are based on our current expectations and beliefs. These statements are subject to certain risks and uncertainties, and our actual results may differ materially. I encourage you to consult our SEC filings for additional detail. On today's call, I'm joined by our Chief Executive Officer, Dr. George Scangos; Dr. Michael Ehlers, EVP of Research and Development; our Chief Commercial Officer, Michel Vounatsos; and our CFO, Paul Clancy. We'll also be joined for the Q&A portion of the call by our Chief Medical Officer, Dr. Al Sandrock. Now I'll turn the call over to George.
George A. Scangos - Chief Executive Officer: Okay. Thank you, Matt, and good morning, everyone. Thanks for joining us. I'd like to begin with a personal statement. I'll be stepping down as CEO of Biogen sometime within the next few months. The board and I recognize that this is an excellent time for a transition. The company's doing well now. The management team is complete and extremely capable, the commercial and R&D activities are going well, and we're on our way to adding to the pipeline through internal and external opportunities. It's a good time for a new CEO to take the helm and see Biogen through to what I believe is a very exciting future. This also is an opportune time for me to return to the West Coast, take on one more set of activities, and spend more time with my family. I've been at Biogen for six years. I'm proud of the company and what we've been able to accomplish in that time. We've introduced six new products onto the market and increased our revenues, earnings, and stock price, all by several fold. And I believe that we're well-positioned to keep delivering on our potential to bring even more therapies to patients and returns to our investors. Our R&D and commercial organizations are now world-class, joining our already industry-leading biologics manufacturing capabilities. All aspects of the company are operating at a high level. We've brought several potentially game-changing compounds into later stage development and are in the process of adding further to that pipeline. With the addition of Michel Vounatsos, Mike Ehlers, and Paul McKenzie, the company has a full and vibrant leadership team that's capable of moving the company thoughtfully forward. I truly believe that the company has a bright future, and it's with mixed emotions that I leave at this time and not see that future come fully to fruition. We're making the announcement now in order to provide an orderly transition for the company and to allow the board to conduct an open and effective search. I'll work with the board to find a great successor who can continue to build on what we have accomplished. We expect to consider both internal and external candidates, and I'm confident that we'll identify an outstanding new leader. I expect to remain as CEO until a successor is identified and can begin. In the interim, I'll continue to work with the board and management team to accomplish Biogen's goals for 2016. I believe that we're on a good trajectory, that we have great new additions to the management team, and I look forward to a successful second half of the year. So enough about me. Let's turn to the business. Biogen had a solid second quarter, delivering strong financial performance and important advances in our pipeline. For the second quarter of 2016, Biogen generated $2.9 billion in total revenues, a 12% increase from the same period a year ago. Our GAAP earnings were $4.79 per share, a 22% increase year over year, and non-GAAP EPS was $5.21, a 23% increase year over year. We continue to grow our leading MS franchise and our hemophilia business. And our efforts to maximize revenues while thoughtfully managing expenses helped to drive attractive earnings growth. As a result, we've raised our financial guidance for the full year. And today we announced that our board of directors has authorized a program to repurchase up to $5 billion of our common stock. Looking back, we had quite an eventful second quarter. To begin, we welcomed three new members of our management team. A new head of commercial, Michel Vounatsos, joined us in April. He's completed a thorough assessment and has identified four key priorities for driving our MS business forward, which he'll share with you later in this call. Our new head of R&D, Mike Ehlers, joined us at the end of May. Mike is a brilliant neuroscientist and an established R&D leader who has excelled in both academic and corporate settings. Mike has demonstrated the ability to translate science into the development of important new medicines, and he's already bringing terrific leadership to the organization. And finally, with John Cox preparing to lead the new hemophilia company, we've promoted Paul McKenzie to oversee our Pharmaceutical Operations & Technology group. These three new leaders bring a wealth of experience and expertise, and we believe that they're poised to take Biogen into its next phase of growth. I'm proud to have them in our organization. Last quarter brought a number of positive developments for both our commercial products and our pipeline. We announced our intent to spin off our hemophilia business. That business continues to perform well, with combined second quarter revenues of over $200 million for ELOCTATE and ALPROLIX. ALPROLIX also was approved by the European Commission for the treatment of hemophilia B and will be commercialized in the EU by our collaboration partner, Sobi. We had a positive label update for TYSABRI in Europe, including an extended indication. We received regulatory approval for ZINBRYTA in both the U.S. and the EU for the treatment of relapsing MS. FLIXABI, an infliximab biosimilar referencing REMICADE, received approval in Europe. This will be the second anti-TNF biosimilar that we'll manufacture and commercialize in the EU. And SB5, an adalimumab biosimilar candidate referencing Humira, has been accepted for review by the European Medicines Agency. Aducanumab was accepted into the European Medicines Agency's PRIority MEdicines program, known as PRIME. It was one of only four applications accepted out of 18 submitted and the only Alzheimer's disease therapy in development that was accepted. On the early-stage research front, we entered into a broad collaboration and alliance with the University of Pennsylvania and two world-renowned gene therapy experts, Drs. James Wilson and Jean Bennett. This quarter we also reported the top line results of the SYNERGY trial for opicinumab. As you are all aware, opicinumab missed both the primary and secondary endpoints, which certainly was disappointing. However, the rigorous design and planning of SYNERGY has yielded an abundance of data that will help us make a well-informed decision about our path forward with opicinumab and our work in remyelination generally. These results are indicative of the significant challenge of targeting neural repair. During the upcoming ECTRIMS conference in September, we expect to present more detailed efficacy, biomarker, and safety data. I'll now turn the call over to Mike. And we're eager for you to get to know Mike and experience his passion for our business.
Michael D. Ehlers - Executive Vice President-Research & Development: Thank you, George. And good morning, everyone. By way of introduction, I spent a number of years in academia as professor and Howard Hughes Medical Institute Investigator at Duke University, where my research was focused on cell biological and circuit mechanisms of brain function and the normal, developing, and diseased nervous system. My career took an exciting turn six years ago when I joined Pfizer. I served as the Chief Scientific Officer for the company's Neuroscience and Pain research unit and ultimately became group leader for Bio Therapeutics R&D with responsibility over rare disease, the Centers for Therapeutic Innovation, and all large biomolecule sciences. I'm just now finishing my second month at Biogen, so there's still a lot I'm getting up to speed on. But I can tell you from the outset that I am working to reshape and progress our pipeline while aggressively pursuing promising assets both internally and externally. I plan to update you on progress on these fronts in the future. In the meantime, I will comment on the important clinical study readouts this quarter and note some good progress made in advancing our clinical programs. Starting with opicinumab or anti-LINGO, as George discussed, the top line results from the Phase 2 SYNERGY study were reported, in which opicinumab unfortunately missed both the primary and secondary endpoints. However, evidence of a clinical effect with a complex, unexpected dose response was observed. The SYNERGY top line efficacy safety and biomarker results will be presented at ECTRIMS in September. Continuing in MS, EC approval was received for an extended indication for TYSABRI in highly active relapsing remitting MS patients with an adequate response to prior MS therapy. TYSABRI was previously only indicated for patients who had failed to respond to beta interferon or glatiramer acetate. This label extension follows recent EC approval for a new patient management plan, including an updated risk algorithm based on JC Virus antibody index values. These changes will allow physicians to have more individualized benefit-risk discussions with their patients. Turning to other promising late-stage assets, our collaboration partner Ionis continues to execute the Phase 3 studies of nusinersen for infants and children with spinal muscular atrophy, both of which are now fully enrolled. In Alzheimer's disease, it was recently announced that aducanumab was one of only four applicants accepted into the European Medicines Agency's PRIority MEdicines program, or PRIME. PRIME aims to bring treatments to patients faster by enhancing the EMA's support for the development of investigational medicines for diseases without available treatment or in need of better treatment options. We continue to work diligently to enroll our aducanumab Phase 3 trials. Looking ahead, safety data from the titration arm of the Phase 1b study is anticipated by the end of this year. We are working toward the start of Phase 3 trials for amiselimod or MT-1303 in inflammatory bowel disease and BIIB074, formerly known as raxatrigine, in trigeminal neuralgia, and initiation of a Phase 2 trial with BIIB074 in patients with neuropathic pain from lumbosacral radiculopathy is planned for later this year. In further activities, natalizumab's clinical profile and treatment window supports its continued investigation as a potential novel approach for treating acute ischemic stroke. And the first patient was recently dosed in a second Phase 2 study in stroke called ACTION 2. Encouraging data was recently generated on earlier stage assets BIIB059 or anti-BDCA2 for systemic lupus erythematosus, and BG00011 or STX-100 for idiopathic pulmonary fibrosis. Anti-BDCA2 data in healthy volunteers and a lupus cohort of 12 subjects has provided confidence to move into Phase 2, with trial initiation planned to begin over the summer. These data are anticipated to be presented later this year. The BG00011 study is enrolling its final cohort, and it is expected that data will be presented after the trial completes. Finally, as George mentioned, Biogen announced a broad collaboration and alliance with the University of Pennsylvania and Drs. James Wilson and Jean Bennett to advance gene therapy and gene editing technologies. The expansive research and translational development collaboration has multiple objectives and will primarily focus on the development of therapeutic approaches that target the eye, skeletal muscle, and the central nervous system. Again, I am pleased to participate in my first earnings call here at Biogen. I anticipate sharing more detail on the advancement of the Biogen pipeline in the coming months as the company works diligently to deliver new therapies to patients. With that, I will now pass the call to my good colleague, Michel Vounatsos.
Michel Vounatsos - Chief Commercial Officer & Executive VP: Thanks, Mike. I'm very pleased to be with you this morning. I'll share my initial thoughts on the MS market and our MS portfolio, outline my priorities going forward, and then I will discuss this quarter's results for MS products. Since I arrived at Biogen three months ago, I have spent time in the field with our operations team meeting with patients, the neurology community, and many of the scientific leaders in multiple sclerosis. Also, I have engaged with the strong Biogen leaders across our commercial organizations. I have listened and learned a lot, and together with the team, we have prioritized immediate opportunities across four key areas. We believe these opportunities will benefit our MS franchise today and at the same time prepare the organization for potential future product launches. Before speaking about our therapies, I think it is important to note MS is a growing market, with approximately 850,000 treated patients worldwide out of a global prevalence estimated at 2.3 million, which includes progressive forms of MS. We estimate the number of treated patients worldwide is growing in the mid-single digits on an annual basis, driven by low single digit growth in the U.S. and high single digit growth in Europe. The relatively higher market growth rate overseas is largely due to increasing rates of diagnosis and treatment. And as a leader in MS, we believe we are well-positioned to benefit from this trend over time. Using the U.S. as an example, where we have the most detailed data, we estimate that approximately three-quarters of the 300,000 treated patients are stable and presumably satisfied on their current therapy. We believe Biogen is holding a clear leadership position in the stable segment of the market. We believe the dynamic opportunity of patients in the U.S. is comprised of approximately 15,000 newly diagnosed patients and approximately 60,000 patients changing medication each year. We believe that Biogen also holds a leadership position in new-patient starts within this dynamic portion of the market. Turning to our MS portfolio, we believe that the value of our products is well-recognized in the eyes of many of our customers, as reflected in our leading global market share of approximately 38%. We believe the breadth of our portfolio is and will continue to be a source of strength in the marketplace by allowing physicians to describe the right drugs to the right patients at the right time. As the most-prescribed oral therapy for MS worldwide, TECFIDERA benefits from a compelling combination of efficacy, convenience, and relative safety. As a result, we estimate that TECFIDERA captures roughly 25% of newly diagnosed and switching patients. Our market research indicates that TYSABRI is clearly viewed and differentiated in terms of efficacy and retains an important role for patients with highly active disease, capturing roughly 30% of all patients switching for efficacy reasons. Our interferon products, AVONEX and PLEGRIDY combined, hold leading share amongst the interferon therapies. Despite facing headwinds due to the uptake of the orals, we believe these products will continue to play an important role going forward. We are also preparing to launch ZINBRYTA next month in the U.S. and Germany. ZINBRYTA is the first in a new class of MS therapies. We believe it will be used by patients switching for efficacy reasons, benefiting from once-monthly at home subcutaneous administration and a differentiated mechanism of action. Going forward, we will concentrate our work in the commercial organization across four key priorities, namely portfolio strategy, commercial excellence, medical leadership, trust and value. With portfolio strategy, we plan to further define our strategy for products, market segments, and geographies. We will work to ensure that our targeted growth opportunities drive consistency across our resource allocation, messaging, marketing tactics, and sales force execution. Within commercial excellence, we will work to increase our sophistication in multichannel marketing, including enhancing our digital capabilities while also strengthening our engagement with key customers at the local level. While clearly perceived as a leader in neurology research and clinical development, we believe we also have an opportunity to further enhance our medical leadership. This includes close collaboration with our medical field teams and partnership with scientific leaders. Finally, trust and value. We will work towards developing innovatives beyond the pill solution for our customers to enhance our reputation and strengthen our partnership and role as a leader in MS. I think that, as the leader in MS, we have this responsibility. Today we already have a well-defined plan outlining next steps and target dates, which we have started to implement across the organization. We are initiating this with the aim to accelerate our business to be more focused, to make conscious choices, and to be diligent in resource allocation. We believe that this work will be beneficial for our company and our shareholders. For competitive reasons, I am not prepared to go more into the details of these four initiatives, but I look forward to updating you on our progress at future meetings. Turning to the results for the quarter, total MS revenues were $2.2 billion this quarter, an increase of 9% versus Q2 of last year. We believe our global market share continued to grow. Starting with TECFIDERA, in the U.S. we saw a modest increase in demand compared to the first quarter, largely due to a normalization of seasonality typically seen early in the year. All of our metrics lead us to expect a continued stable trend for TECFIDERA going forwards. Outside the U.S., we continue to see increased adoption in the UK, Italy, Spain. In fact, the number of TECFIDERA patients in Europe has increased approximately 40% over the last year. PLEGRIDY is now available in roughly 20 markets in Europe and, well launched, we believe it is helping to slow the rate of decline of our interferons. TYSABRI continued to add patients this quarter. We recognize the potential for increased competition from other high-efficacy therapies, but we believe TYSABRI's 10 years of post-marketing experience and well-understood safety profile position it very well. In collaboration with AbbVie, we are actively preparing to launch ZINBRYTA starting next month. We are particularly encouraged by the broad indication and data reinforcing the product safety included in the EU label. We are also making progress in our biosimilar businesses this quarter. We are seeing strong initial uptake for BENEPALI, the first biosimilar approved in the EU referencing Enbrel, and we expect to launch FLIXABI, our biosimilar referencing Remicade, in the coming weeks. While we only expect a modest contribution from biosimilars in 2016, we do believe this is an attractive opportunity in the longer term. So the team delivered a very solid quarter. I look forward to taking Biogen into what I believe is an exciting future. With that, I turn the call over to Paul.
Paul J. Clancy - Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, Biogen, Inc.: Thanks, Michel. In the second quarter, our GAAP diluted earnings per share were $4.79, a 22% increase year over year, while our non-GAAP diluted earnings per share were $5.21, an increase of 23%. Total revenue for Q2 grew 12% year over year to approximately $2.9 billion. It's important to note we had $173 million in foreign exchange hedge gains in the full year of 2015, which impact our year-over-year revenue comparisons this year. In Q2, versus prior year, revenues were unfavorably impacted by $45 million from hedging. Combined with the $1 million benefit from foreign exchange rates, overall revenue was weakened by approximately $44 million year over year. I'll highlight the impact of foreign exchange and hedging on each of our major MS therapies. Global second quarter TECFIDERA revenue was $987 million, an increase of 12% versus the same quarter last year. This included revenues of $780 million in the U.S. and $206 million outside the U.S. In the U.S., TECFIDERA modestly benefited from an inventory rebalancing in the wholesaler channel versus prior quarter. Outside the U.S., foreign exchange and hedge impact weakened TECFIDERA revenue comparison by approximately $13 million. Interferon revenues, including both AVONEX and PLEGRIDY, were $728 million during the second quarter, an increase of 6% versus the same quarter last year. This included $519 million in the U.S. and $209 million in sales outside the U.S. In the U.S., AVONEX also modestly benefited from an inventory rebalancing in the wholesaler channel versus prior quarter. Outside the U.S., foreign exchange and the hedge impact weakened interferon revenue comparison by approximately $17 million. TYSABRI worldwide revenues were $497 million this quarter, an increase of 7% versus the same quarter last year. This included $305 million in the U.S. and $192 million outside the U.S. Foreign exchange and the hedge impact weakened TYSABRI revenue comparison by approximately $13 million. Turning to our hemophilia business, which generated $205 million this quarter. ELOCTATE revenue for the quarter was $125 million, and ALPROLIX revenue in Q2 was $80 million. We continue to work toward spinning off our hemophilia business and related assets and plan to file the Form 10 later this summer and complete the distribution in early 2017. Turning to our anti-CD20 revenues. We recorded $349 million for Q2, an increase from prior quarter, driven by solid demand. Total other revenues, which include revenues from collaboration relationships, royalties, and contract manufacturing, were $79 million. Now turning to the expense lines on the P&L. Q2 GAAP cost of goods sold were $370 million, or 13% of revenue. Non-GAAP cost of goods sold were $354 million or 12% of revenue. As a percentage of sales, COGS was impacted by increased inventory write-offs versus the low seen in prior quarter. In addition, based on our evaluation of our small-scale manufacturing capacity needs, we booked a GAAP-only charge for accelerated depreciation related to our intent to close or divest our small-scale manufacturing facility in Cambridge. Q2 GAAP and non-GAAP R&D expense was $473 million or 16% of revenue, which includes $20 million related to the gene therapy collaboration with the University of Pennsylvania. Overall, R&D reflects relatively low business development expense, though this remains a critical strategic priority for us as we look to bring in high-quality assets. Q2 GAAP SG&A was $492 million or 17% of revenue. Q2 non-GAAP SG&A expense was $489 million, also 17% of revenue. We remain committed to achieving savings by reducing lower priority fees and services for the balance of the year. Recall, over the last few years we've gone through a number of product launches and thought it was the right decision to invest behind these products. Starting in 2015, we pivoted and took a number of actions to curb operating expense growth, including a restructuring and further efforts to reduce costs, which is reflected in our operating leverage for the quarter. This will also allow us to reinvest in the pipeline. Other net expense was $59 million in Q2, which includes $66 million in interest expense related to our 2015 bond offering. In Q2, both our GAAP and non-GAAP tax rates were approximately 25%. Our weighted average diluted share count was approximately 219 million for Q2. This brings us to our diluted earnings per share, which were $4.79 on a GAAP basis and $5.21 on a non-GAAP basis for the second quarter. We ended the quarter with approximately $7.3 billion in cash and marketable securities, with approximately 40% of this in the United States. Today we also announced a $5 billion share repurchase program, which we anticipate will be executed over the course of the next three years. We believe this leaves ample room for flexibility for strategic deployment. So, overall, we had a strong quarter driven by revenue growth from our MS therapies, rebounding from the seasonality seen in the first quarter; continued growth from our hemophilia business; and diligent cost controls. This now brings us to our full-year 2016 guidance. We now expect revenues of approximately $11.2 billion to $11.4 billion, a modest improvement from prior guidance. Our outlook assumes continued stable patient demand for TECFIDERA in 2016 in the United States. We believe TYSABRI will also remain on a stable trajectory for the balance of the year. Our outlook assumes AVONEX and PLEGRIDY patients combined will continue to gradually decline as patients move toward orals. For ZINBRYTA, we anticipate a modest revenue contribution in the U.S. and EU, as launches are expected to begin in August. And our revenues outlook is based on stable foreign exchange rates. From an expense perspective, we anticipate upward pressure on cost of goods sold due to the unexpected issuance by the U.S. Patent Office of a patent to a third-party related to recombinant interferon beta protein. This patent, issued on June 28 and expiring in June 2033, is relevant to AVONEX and PLEGRIDY. We will pay royalties in the mid-single-digits during the life of this patent. For the remainder of 2016, we expect the royalty payment to be approximately $50 million. We anticipate GAAP and non-GAAP R&D expense between 17% and 18% of sales, and GAAP and non-GAAP SG&A expense to be between 16% and 17% of revenue. We anticipate GAAP EPS results between $18.10 and $18.40 and non-GAAP EPS to be between $19.70 and $20.00. Our outlook assumes a very modest reduction in our full-year weighted average diluted share count. Of note, this guidance assumes contribution from our hemophilia business through the balance of the year, as we expect the spin-off to complete in early 2017. Additionally, this guidance does not include any impact from potential acquisitions or large, late-stage business development transactions, as both are hard to predict. Overall, this increase in guidance reflects the solid revenues seen this quarter, combined with the continued operating expense control. I'll turn the call over to George for his closing comments.
George A. Scangos - Chief Executive Officer: Okay. Thank you, Paul. Financially, I'm pleased with where we are so far this year. Our results year to date have been better than expected. We've raised guidance, and we have a new share repurchase program authorized by the board. We've made good progress towards the three focus areas I discussed after the first quarter: careful management of expenses, maximizing revenues, and rapidly advancing the pipeline. As I look forward and think about the future growth of Biogen, I want to stress how those key focus areas will evolve. The team expects to continue managing expenses, but as you know we can't save our way to growth. Maximizing revenues and rapidly advancing the pipeline will become front and center, especially with Michel and Mike now in their respective roles. Michel's four key priorities of portfolio strategy, commercial excellence, medical leadership, and trust and value will be the pillars we use to maximize revenues. And, under Mike's leadership, we intend to reshape the pipeline, rationalize existing programs, and aggressively pursue promising assets, both internally and externally. We believe this focus will help advance more assets through the pipeline and ideally deliver more therapies to patients. At the same time as we're bringing focus and investment to our core area of expertise in neurology, we'll continue to be opportunistic when we see internal and external opportunities to enhance shareholder value. As a result, we've progressed some of the most promising earlier stage assets that we have in our pipeline, even outside of neurology. We've invested in our biosimilar joint venture to leverage our competitive strengths in manufacturing and commercialization. We've chosen to spin off our growing hemophilia business, because we believe it's the right decision to ensure fit and focus. And, as we've announced today, we'll buy back shares when appropriate. So we've delivered strong financial results this quarter while making progress advancing our pipeline and our commercial business. We have a great leadership team and a passionate group of employees who come to work every day to make a positive impact on patients' lives. It's been an honor and privilege to serve this organization as the CEO for the last six years, and I remain committed to leading the company until my successor is identified. I want to take this opportunity to thank all of our employees for their hard work and dedication. And I want to thank you all for joining us this morning. And the operator will now open up the call for questions.
Operator: Your first question comes from the line of Mark Schoenebaum from Evercore ISI. Please go ahead.
Mark J. Schoenebaum - Evercore Group LLC: Oh, hey, guys. Hey, just wanted  George, I wanted to say, I just  the stock only quintupled under your leadership. So I was wondering if you could  I think you should be held accountable for that. So I was wondering if you could address that. No, congratulations. You will be missed. Thanks for the honesty, transparency that you brought to Biogen over the years. And I'd like to know who your least-favorite sell-side analyst is, please. Or just assure me that it's not me.
George A. Scangos - Chief Executive Officer: It's definitely not you.
Mark J. Schoenebaum - Evercore Group LLC: Okay. Got it.
George A. Scangos - Chief Executive Officer: Especially after that last comment.
Mark J. Schoenebaum - Evercore Group LLC: Okay. Very good. And, Paul, if you could -
Paul J. Clancy - Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, Biogen, Inc.: You moved up from the bottom, Mark.
Mark J. Schoenebaum - Evercore Group LLC: Patriots still suck. My question is  this has been asked before, but I just want to kind of engage you guys in a little bit of discussion. Why not release the efficacy data from the titration cohort of the amab trial, given that  I know it's small numbers, but the numbers aren't that much smaller than the individual dose arms that we've already seen. And the follow-up is just can you update us with any specifics on enrollment? Is enrollment tracking within your expectations? And can you just remind us at this point when you'd expect data readouts and if there are interims? Thanks.
Alfred W. Sandrock, Jr. - Executive Vice President, Neurology Discovery & Development Center, Neurodegeneration Therapeutic Area and Chief Medical Officer: Hi, Mark, this is Al.
Mark J. Schoenebaum - Evercore Group LLC: Hey, Al.
Alfred W. Sandrock, Jr. - Executive Vice President, Neurology Discovery & Development Center, Neurodegeneration Therapeutic Area and Chief Medical Officer: Hey. So yeah, I mean, if  it makes sense that the number of patients is roughly the same. Our plan is to introduce the safety data, the tolerability data from the titration. But  and efficacy is an exploratory endpoint. I'm sure at some scientific meeting we'll be able to disclose that for completeness' sake. And in terms of enrollment, we're not really commenting on it except to say that we're pleased and that things are on track and we hope to update you more on that in the future.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Brian Abrahams from Jefferies. Please go ahead.
Brian Abrahams - Jefferies LLC: Hi. Thanks very much for taking my question. My congrats to George as well on all your accomplishments, and best of luck in the future. I guess a question on the business development front. As you talk about aggressively reshaping the pipeline and pursuing promising assets, I'm curious your latest thinking in terms of stage of development, sizes of potential deals, the types of assets therapeutically that you might focus on. How are you thinking these days about balancing maintenance of focus on neurology versus further diversifying the business, and how does the CEO transition potentially affect all these goals? Thanks.
George A. Scangos - Chief Executive Officer: Yeah, well, first, let me take that last point first. I don't think the CEO transition affects these goals at all. The company's committed to bolstering the pipeline, and we're working aggressively to do that. And, actually, we would look at deals at all stages of development from pre-clinical through Phase 3. And we are currently doing that. We're in a number of discussions now, and we hope to bring some of those to conclusion. We are focused largely on neurology. That's where we have our core expertise. And I think we believe that the  you can make more sophisticated decisions about things in areas that you understand really in detail. So mainly we're looking in neurology. With Mike's arrival, we have a new person here who's got his own set of expertise, his own views on things. And I would say we wouldn't rule out things outside of neurology, but the bar gets higher as they get further from our center of excellence. As Mike put it yesterday, we want to have kind of laser vision, but we don't want to have tunnel vision. We want to be open to things that are interesting and can provide shareholder value.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Geoffrey Porges, from Leerink Partners. Please go ahead.
Geoffrey C. Porges - Leerink Partners LLC: Thank you very much for taking the question. And, George, we're not sure what's so special about California, but all the very best of luck with your next chapter. And thanks again for all the information you've shared with us and for the success you've had at Biogen.
George A. Scangos - Chief Executive Officer: Thank you, Geoff. I would say if you're not sure what's special about it, you haven't been there.
Geoffrey C. Porges - Leerink Partners LLC: So, one question  a couple of questions for Michel, actually. Michel, could you give us a sense of what your contributions from price and volume were on the MS franchise during the quarter on the U.S. side? And then what your price  contributional price effect was on the ex-U.S. side? And then could you secondly add, as you look at the MS franchise, presumably you will have no role in ocrelizumab's commercialization, but nevertheless they're your partner. Could you give us your view of how you see that playing out, in terms of the effect that that drug might have in the MS market and on the outlook for Biogen's own products? Thanks.
Michel Vounatsos - Chief Commercial Officer & Executive VP: Thanks for the question. And let me start with ocre, and Paul will comment on the other part of the question. First, I would like to say that we are very pleased and we applaud any new innovation in MS, for which we have contributed, we contribute, and we continue to invest in our pipe. So this is a great news for patients in need, that there are still gaps in therapy. And I think this is a great news, and Roche's results on PPMS is even more encouraging. So we are very happy about that. Having said that, we have a strong presence in the high-efficacy segment of the market. And this is basically a market trend where we can see that basically providers are treating earlier  and physicians  treating earlier, more aggressively. And TYSABRI is holding a very strong position in the highest efficacy segment, and ZINBRYTA will come and will complement this presence here. So I anticipate that ocre will be playing into this segment also, and we will see how it plays. But, for the time being, there is no risk-benefit assessment. So we have to be very cautious before talking. So I'll wait to see regulator stands, but I would say the first approach from, again, a humble but leadership position is to take care of our assets and elevate the capability of the organization, and the four capabilities that we are launching will just do that.
Paul J. Clancy - Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, Biogen, Inc.: Geoff, this is Paul on the price versus volume question. I think the way you framed it is probably pretty accurate, is that it's a tale of two cities. In the United States, the lion's share from a change year-over-year basis is price, and is pretty stable unit trends on TECFIDERA, pretty stable unit trends on TYSABRI and modest, gradual decline on the interferon franchise. Ex-United States, we are not seeing any pricing on a year-over-year basis, and all of the gains are attributable to volume and unit expansion. TYSABRI is holding well outside the United States, as well as the interferon business. And we continue to, in a small way, penetrate some markets and get some accretive benefits of things, even outside of Europe. And TECFIDERA continues to expand on a year-over-year basis and gaining market share, particularly as we are moving into relatively early launch timing in Southern European countries and having very good success in the UK.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Eric Schmidt from Cowen & Company. Please go ahead.
Eric Schmidt - Cowen & Co. LLC: Thanks for taking the question, and congrats, George. Good to see you leave on a high note. Best of luck with the next opportunity. Maybe just a quick one for Paul on this new interferon patent that you're paying royalty on or expect to pay royalty on. Can you clarify a little bit whose patent that is and what happened to your own interferon patent that you thought was, at one point, going to be able to extract royalties from others?
Paul J. Clancy - Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, Biogen, Inc.: Yeah, great question, Eric. Thanks. It was, as I noted, unexpected that it is not actually related  despite it is on the recombinant interferon beta protein, it's actually not the same. It has to do with JFCR. In the Q this afternoon, we'll actually have the patent number for you. I just actually don't have it handy for myself, and it's a mid-single digit royalty. We aren't disclosing the name of the third party, but  so just a third party at this point in time. And we expect it will be $50 million impact, all in the second half, effectively, and will be a bigger impact as we go into 2017 on a full-year basis. The '755 patent, we continue to feel like that was a  despite its  was like back to 2009, when it was issued, but we still feel and we're still in litigation with other parties on that. But there's a chance that we're coming towards the end of that process; hope for something favorable.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Geoff Meacham from Barclays. Please go ahead.
Geoff Meacham - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Morning, guys, Thanks for the question. George, also want to offer my congrats. You will be missed. So I had a question for Michel, maybe a bigger-picture commercial question. Now that you've had a chance to look at the products, the assets at Biogen, and a fresh look at the MS market, maybe just give us some perspective on what you see as the bigger growth opportunities ahead on a volume basis. Is it geographic? Is it rest-of-world opportunities? Is it new product launches? And then maybe for Paul, just wanted to check and see what you guys learned from the DTC campaign for tech and the sustainability of that. Thanks.
Michel Vounatsos - Chief Commercial Officer & Executive VP: Thank you for the great question. You know, in my 25 years' experience around the world, I have never seen such a situation whereby we have five or six assets in the same therapy area. The 20 years of very solid  unique, I would say  experience in MS, a solid portfolio today. A solid pipeline. A remarkable group of talent with clinical experience and scientific experience within the company. So it's a leadership position on interferons, a leadership position on orals. A leadership position on high-efficacy products. So this is a remarkable situation. And on top of that we are launching ZINBRYTA. So the dynamic is very good. Having said that, when you peel the onion and you get to discover the opportunity and the operations, you find ways to do better. And this is why together with the team we have prioritized four key areas, portfolio management, five, six assets in the same therapy area. It's a challenge on how to manage that well. Commercial excellence, medical leadership, trust and value. And I believe that, with those, we'll be able to make a further difference. Geographically, also, we can see that some parts are better managed than others. And I have already started to make some decisions. We don't wait. And you can expect that more will come. So this is what I would like to say  and, you know, the portfolio management doesn't mean that all the products will be resourced and promoted equally. It's all about the growth opportunity, the way that you outline. And this is where there will be a clear, I would say, alignment between those, resource allocation, and execution.
Paul J. Clancy - Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, Biogen, Inc.: Geoff, the beginning part of your question is  yeah, just to confirm, we have sunsetted the television campaign as it relates to TECFIDERA. I think our  I mean, look, it was a innovative  I'd applaud our organization for thinking about it and giving it a try. I think that our judgment at this point is that it didn't have a discernible movement on scripts. And potentially came  this more, as much from anecdotal  with some drawbacks as well. Michel actually confirmed his  from his perspective that there quite possibly is much other levers that are still like DTC-related and multichannel-related that we can reallocate resources toward. So I think that's probably our learnings in a nutshell. We didn't run the test case, so we'll see what  but I think that's our learnings.
Michel Vounatsos - Chief Commercial Officer & Executive VP: Thank you, Paul. This is Michel. If I can add  I mean, at the outset, and I was not here, the main objective was increase awareness, and I think that this was achieved. But I didn't see any inflection on any trends. We need to circle back to the alignment of the organization on four priorities for which we need to have some very strict resource allocation decisions, and I don't think that broadcast TV will be there in the foreseeable future.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Cory Kasimov from JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Whitney G. Ijem - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Hi. This is Whitney on for Cory. I'll add my congrats to George as well. I guess just to circle back on Alzheimer's. I guess, where are you with sort of combinations, and I guess what's the desire or urgency to get some of the combos into the clinic before you maybe have Phase 3 data on any of the individual components?
Alfred W. Sandrock, Jr. - Executive Vice President, Neurology Discovery & Development Center, Neurodegeneration Therapeutic Area and Chief Medical Officer: This is Al, Whitney, and we like the idea of combinations. I think one day we will be using combination therapies for Alzheimer's disease. One of the reasons why we brought in BACE inhibitor into our pipeline with our collaboration with Eisai, the reason why we have tau programs internally and that we're in search of even other things potentially to add to the mix is based on, in part, on that belief, that combination could be helpful. And you can think of it in two ways. One is to combine two drugs, each of which are active, to increase the efficacy overall, or to reduce the dose of two active therapies so that you get better safety or tolerability for the same efficacy. And also there may be sequential treatments where you start early, perhaps even before symptoms, with one type of medicine and then treat with something else when you have a high plaque burden, and then something else still when tau starts to progress. When you start to think about combination therapy, though, it's often difficult to do the right studies without some evidence of efficacy of each drug as monotherapy. And then you can start to think about the right dosing regimen. And so I hope that's helpful.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Michael Yee from RBC Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Michael Yee - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Oh, hey, thanks. Good morning. My appreciation to George as well. Happy to see you joining me on the West Coast. I'm lonely out here, so happy to have you back here. Hey, a question for Al. There will be LINGO data presented at ECTRIMS. Can you maybe revisit this briefly and give us some color about what is going on here in terms of what we saw? Because obviously that was a surprise. And I guess is there anything specific that we should pay attention to at ECTRIMS that you've done work on that would pique our interest back here? Or is there some issue here with the remyelination pathway and that would bring our questions into your oral. So how does this change our thinking about remyelination and what we saw here? Thanks.
Alfred W. Sandrock, Jr. - Executive Vice President, Neurology Discovery & Development Center, Neurodegeneration Therapeutic Area and Chief Medical Officer: Yeah, Michael, thanks for the question. So first I want to say this is a really large and rich data set. Really the first of its kind, not only in MS, but to my knowledge, in neurology where we're in the early stages of figuring out how to repair the brain and how to measure measurements of  outcome measures of repair. The things we're focusing on right now when we look at this rich data set are what are the right cohort of patients to treat? In this trial, we looked at relapsing MS patients all the way to secondary progressives. So it's a wide range of patients. What's the optimal cohort? What's the right dose? We studied four different doses, and we saw a complex dose-response curve. What we actually saw was a sort of a bell-shaped curve where we lost efficacy at the highest dose, and in the middle doses we think we see a signal of efficacy. And so we'll share some of that at ECTRIMS. What's the right concomitant medicine to use? We envision that these repair therapies will be added to immunomodulators, and so we'll be looking at that. And, in particular, whether ongoing inflammation in the brain impedes repair. And finally how do we actually measure the effects of repair if it occurs, particularly on clinical outcome measures? So some of these questions will be answered by doing further analyses, which we're in the middle of doing right now intensively. And we'll share whatever we find out at ECTRIMS, and some may need another study. And so what we're honing in on is what's the next step? What's the next study? And obviously this will be a judicious investment. If we can go to Phase 3, we would try. I don't know until I see the specific design. It could be a Phase 2, it could be a Phase 3, it could be a Phase 2/3. And that part we probably won't be able to share at ECTRIMS, but sometime soon we hope to be able to share that.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Robyn Karnauskas from Citigroup. Please go ahead.
Robyn Karnauskas - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Hi, guys, thanks for taking the question. I guess, George, I remember meeting you when you first became the CEO, and I remember you talking about refocusing the company and like getting rid of certain pipeline products, and it was so well-needed at the time. It really changed Biogen. And so now I think the company's a different company, and there's been pipeline success and there's been some failures. What do you think Biogen really needs from a new CEO at this point in time versus when you came in?
George A. Scangos - Chief Executive Officer: Well, look, the company now is a very different company from what it was a few years ago. We have a full and excellent management team. We have a pipeline that is, I think, quite exciting but needs to grow. So I think the company needs good management. I think the strategy of the company is solid. And what we need is good leadership and somebody who can work with the people who are here  work with Michel, maximize the commercial potential, work with Mike, maximize the potential of our pipeline, grow the pipeline, and can work with the rest of the organization to ensure that we go forward in a way that is responsible, where we minimize expenses but that where we invest aggressively in those areas that really have the potential to add value. So being CEO is complicated, and I think those are the priorities I would set. Of course the search will be conducted by the board, but I don't think they would view it too differently. I think there'll be a continued focus on innovation, and I'm confident we'll get someone excellent.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ronny Gal from Bernstein. Please go ahead.
Ronny Gal - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: Good morning, and thank you my questions. Two questions first. Biosimilars, you had a pretty good first quarter. Can you describe a little bit to us where you've launched already, where you're still expecting to launch? And now that you have a little bit of  wetted your feet in that market  can you just give us a feel for your thinking about kind of the three- to five-year trajectory for this franchise and for biosimilar for anti-TNFs? In Europe in general, should this be 30% of the market, 50%, 70% of the market overall? And then separately, you kind of mentioned the impact of high detectible copays on the U.S. sales in the first quarter. Has there been still some impact to those in the second quarter? That is, as we look from the outside of revenue, should we see another step up in revenue per unit in the third quarter, or has it been fully incorporated in the first quarter, and kind of the run rate for pricing in the second quarter is roughly what we should see going forward?
Michel Vounatsos - Chief Commercial Officer & Executive VP: So this is Michel. Thanks for the great question. So as you have seen, two great companies came together with complementary capabilities in order to launch anti-TNFs to get started with, and then we see what is the follow-up opportunities. So as far as Biogen involved together with the partners, we have launched the products; the three anti-TNFs for which we have the agreement on, two out of the three are approved and on the way to be launched. The preliminary results are very encouraging. As you can imagine, there is a tremendous level of variation  variability between countries in terms of tendering, in terms of [aggressivity of petition] in terms of provider decision-making, and it's difficult to take an overall, I would say, recipe on how to best launch. What I can say is that the three anti-TNFs that we'll have the opportunity to launch will be addressing a current market that is higher than $9 billion in Europe. So this is significant. And with Biogen quality. So we have put together a standalone BU that is flexible, agile, in order to launch the product, and we learn country after country. Today, mostly in the Nordics and Scandinavia, where we have had very, very good results. But, as I said earlier, it's still early to comment much on the results that are negligible for 2016 but will be more important moving forwards.
Paul J. Clancy - Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, Biogen, Inc.: Ronny, this is Paul. Thanks for the second part of that question. It's a good catch. I think the answer is that we absolutely saw our insurance dynamics mostly impact AVONEX in the first quarter. And we're pleased to see that that choppiness settled out and benefited the second quarter results. Don't expect it to be a meaningful difference for the balance of year now.
Operator: And your final question comes from the line of Chris Raymond from Raymond James. Please go ahead.
Christopher Raymond - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Hey, thanks for squeezing me in, and congrats, George, from us as well. Just a question I guess on TECFIDERA. In the context of  I think you highlighted in Q1 a $20 million inventory drawdown. Could you maybe quantify  I think you highlighted generally there was an inventory effect in Q2. Can you quantify what that was? And then also if I can on TECFIDERA, continuing, I hear what you're saying on the television ads, but one of the things that has struck us the most with our checks is TECFIDERA, for some time, has been sort of far and away the most requested disease modifying therapy among patients. I guess I'm wondering, what additional levers can you pull to sort of increase that? Or is there some other aspect like maybe working at better efficiency programs to get that request converted into a script? Is there some other aspect besides just getting patients to request the drug?
Paul J. Clancy - Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, Biogen, Inc.: Yeah, thanks, Chris. It's Paul; I'll talk the first part. It's quite simply, I think we're at a  pretty normal inventory levels on TECFIDERA, so it's really just a sequential quarter rebalancing off of the seasonal low that we generally see in Q1.
Michel Vounatsos - Chief Commercial Officer & Executive VP: So on the levers and the performance, 12% growth Q-over-Q is not bad. The share continues to grow to 15% globally, is also pretty good, mostly driven by the newly launched markets in Europe, 40% patient growth percentage is also very encouraging. I have, from my field visits and from talking to leaders, identified one major issue, which is the discontinuation due to GI safety. Those patients during the first phase on the product are suffering, for some of them, on abdominal pain, diarrhea, discomfort, that is leading, in some cases, with very high level of variability, to discontinue the product. And this impacts not only the outflow but eventually the inflow. Variability is tremendous. I was in the field lately, and on the Eastern coast in the U.S., 1.5% of the patient discontinued at six months. In some others, it was 30%. So, with Mike Ehlers, we are fully aligned in order to work together with the community, with the physicians, with peer to peer in order to best assist, best educate, and bring down an average which is at 20% today to lower levels.
George A. Scangos - Chief Executive Officer: Okay. With that, thank you all for joining us this morning. Thanks for the questions, and we'll sign off now.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2016 Q1  (2016-04-21 11:45:00) =====
Executives: Matthew Calistri - Senior Director-Investor Relations George A. Scangos - Chief Executive Officer Alfred W. Sandrock, Jr. - Executive Vice President, Neurology Discovery & Development Center, Neurodegeneration Therapeutic Area and Chief Medical Officer Paul J. Clancy - Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, Biogen, Inc.
Analysts: Matthew K. Harrison - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Mark J. Schoenebaum - Evercore ISI Alethia Young - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker) Geoffrey C. Porges - Leerink Partners LLC Eric Schmidt - Cowen & Co. LLC Michael Yee - RBC Capital Markets LLC Ying Huang - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Robyn Karnauskas - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker) Geoffrey Meacham - Barclays Capital, Inc. Brian Abrahams - Jefferies LLC Jim Birchenough - Wells Fargo Securities LLC Cory W. Kasimov - JPMorgan Securities LLC Terence Flynn - Goldman Sachs & Co. M. Ian Somaiya - BMO Capital Markets (United States) Christopher Raymond - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.
Operator: Good morning. My name is Dan, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Biogen first quarter 2016 financial results and business update conference call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question and answer session. Thank you. I would now like to turn the conference over to Mr. Matt Calistri, Senior Director of Investor Relations for Biogen.
Matthew Calistri - Senior Director-Investor Relations: Thank you, and welcome to Biogen's first quarter 2016 earnings conference call. Before we begin, I encourage everyone to go to the Investors section of biogen.com to find the press release and related financial tables, including a reconciliation of the GAAP-to-non-GAAP financial measures that we'll discuss today. Our GAAP financials are provided in tables 1 and 2. Table 3 includes a reconciliation of our GAAP-to-non-GAAP financial results. We believe non-GAAP financial results better represent the ongoing economics of our business and reflect how we manage the business internally. We have also posted slides on our website that follow the discussions related to this call. I would like to point out that we will be making forward-looking statements, which are based on our current expectations and beliefs. These statements are subject to certain risks and uncertainties, and our actual results may differ materially. I encourage you to consult our SEC filings for additional detail. On today's call, I'm joined by our Chief Executive Officer, Dr. George Scangos; Dr. Al Sandrock, our Chief Medical Officer; our CFO, Paul Clancy; and our new Chief Commercial Officer, Michel Vounatsos is with us here today. Now I'll turn the call over to George.
George A. Scangos - Chief Executive Officer: Okay, thanks, Matt. Good morning, everyone, and thanks for joining us this morning. For the first quarter of 2016, Biogen generated $2.7 billion in total revenues, 7% increase from the same period a year ago. And our non-GAAP EPS was $4.79, 25% increase from the same period a year ago. As you've heard from us since the beginning of the year, a cornerstone to our strategy for sustainable growth is our healthy commercial business and a strong focus on thoughtfully managing expenses, and I think these results should reinforce that message. TECFIDERA continues to gain share globally, now with more than 190,000 patients having been treated. And at AAN this week, we presented compelling data that showcased its strong and sustained efficacy in newly diagnosed MS patients, emphasizing that earlier treatment with TECFIDERA improves long-term clinical outcomes. We also presented compelling data about TECFIDERA's real-world efficacy. Last month, we announced our new Executive Vice President and Chief Commercial Officer, Michel Vounatsos, had joined us. Michel brings a wealth of experience from 20 successful years of increasing responsibility at Merck, most recently as president of primary care and customer centricity. Michel officially started on Monday, and we're excited to be working with him. He'll be instrumental in driving our near-term growth while helping to prepare the organization to support our exciting pipeline. In the first quarter, we launched BENEPALI, our biosimilar version of Enbrel, in six European countries: the UK, Germany, Denmark, Norway, Sweden, and The Netherlands. And FLIXABI, our biosimilar version of Remicade, received a positive opinion from the CHMP, and we're awaiting approval from the European Commission shortly. And of course an important part of our strategy for sustainable growth is our pipeline potential future therapies. Notably, aducanumab is enrolling patients in two Phase 3 trials. Opicinumab, which is anti-LINGO, results are expected midyear. And nusinersen, in collaboration with Ionis, is close to completing enrollment of the Phase 3 trial called ENDEAR. Al will provide more color on the pipeline during his comments. Finally, I'd like to make a few comments to address some questions that I know will come. First, we're in the final stages of hiring an R&D head and expect to make an announcement shortly. Second, like you, we read the media reports about our hemophilia business and the subsequent analyst reports. As a matter of policy, we do not comment on speculation, and will not do so in this instance. We're in an exciting stage in the evolution of Biogen. We're encouraged by the trajectory of our commercial portfolio, and we'll continue to focus on cost containment to maximize our earnings. We're eagerly awaiting the data from opicinumab and nusinersen, and we're pleased with the early enthusiasm for our biosimilars in Europe. We've recently brought several new compounds into development, and we continue to look for opportunities outside of Biogen. And with that I'll turn the call over to Al, who'll update you on our progress in R&D.
Alfred W. Sandrock, Jr. - Executive Vice President, Neurology Discovery & Development Center, Neurodegeneration Therapeutic Area and Chief Medical Officer: Thanks, George, and good morning, everyone. This quarter, we continued to execute on our pipeline candidates and generate new data to support our commercialized products. Starting with opicinumab or anti-LINGO, we are looking forward to seeing the Phase 2 data, which is still scheduled for the middle of this year. I should note that no one has seen these data yet, but after more than a decade of work on LINGO, beginning with discovering the gene and then elucidating its biology, most of which was conducted at Biogen, we're excited to learn about opicinumab's potential as a reparative therapy for MS. In Alzheimer's disease, we are working diligently to enroll our aducanumab Phase 3 trials and are pleased with progress thus far. Looking ahead, we anticipate safety data from the titration arm of the Phase 1b PRIME study in the second half of this year. Amiselimod, or MT-1303, our S1P1 inhibitor for IBD, is currently being tested in a Phase 2 trial in Crohn's disease, and we are working toward the start of Phase 3 studies in ulcerative colitis and Crohn's disease in the second half of this year. Raxatrigine, a small molecule inhibitor of the Nav 1.7 sodium channel, is anticipated to begin a Phase 3 trial to confirm its efficacy is in patients with trigeminal neuralgia, and we are also planning to initiate a Phase 2 trial in patients with painful lumbosacral radiculopathy later this year. Turning to our hemophilia products, we find the data that was presented at the December ASH meeting on immune tolerance induction with ELOCTATE quite encouraging. We believe that the Fc portion of these fusion proteins utilized in both ELOCTATE and ALPROLIX may offer additional benefits beyond half-life extension, although these preliminary findings will require confirmation from additional studies. At this week's American Academy of Neurology meeting, we presented important new data demonstrating the breadth and diversity of our marketed and pipeline multiple sclerosis therapies, including TECFIDERA, TYSABRI, ZINBRYTA and PLEGRIDY. Let me provide some of the highlights of our presentation. TECFIDERA was shown to provide sustained and strong efficacy in newly diagnosed MS patients, reinforcing that earlier treatment with TECFIDERA is important in improving long-term clinical outcomes. We also presented the results of another study that retrospectively examined the health insurance claims database of more than 5,000 patients in routine clinical practice. Annualized relapse rates one year after starting disease-modifying therapy were compared to the year before therapy initiation. These real-world data support the efficacy of TECFIDERA treatment seen in the controlled clinical trials, and this, combined with its safety profile and oral convenience, make it a very compelling therapeutic option for MS patients. Data presented at AAN reinforced the nearly 10 years of clinical experience with TYSABRI, confirming its high efficacy, reversible immune effects, and well-characterized safety profile. ZINBRYTA, with its targeted and reversible mechanism of action, was shown to be positive on key MS cognitive outcomes. PLEGRIDY was shown to reduce the conversion of newly acquired MS lesions into T1 black holes, which have been associated with axonal loss. Also at AAN, our collaboration partner, Ionis, presented an update on the ongoing open label Phase II trial of nusinersen in infants with spinal muscular atrophy. An analysis as of January 2016 showed no new events, as defined by progression to permanent ventilation or death, in the study since December of 2014, continued increases in muscle function scores, and achievement of new motor milestones when compared to natural history studies. We believe these data look increasingly encouraging, and that nusinersen could represent an important new therapy for spinal muscular atrophy. With respect to our earlier stage efforts, at our R&D Day last November, we talked about using human genetics to identify causal biological pathways, as we strive to discover and develop new treatment for difficult diseases. In February, we joined the Center for Therapeutic Target Validation, the pioneering public-private collaboration that fosters interactions between academic and industry members for the purpose of developing open, transformative approaches to selecting and validating novel targets in drug development. This collaboration expands on our strategy of using genetically validated targets, biomarkers, and multiple therapeutic approaches to decrease the risk of drug development. With that, I'll now pass the call to Paul.
Paul J. Clancy - Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, Biogen, Inc.: Thanks, Al. Our GAAP diluted earnings per share were $4.43 in the first quarter, while our non-GAAP diluted earnings per share were $4.79. Total revenue for Q1 grew 7% year-over-year to approximately $2.7 billion. Our revenue growth was driven by the stable patient trends we now see for TECFIDERA and TYSABRI in the U.S., and continued growth in ELOCTATE and ALPROLIX. Although PLEGRIDY showed meaningful growth, our overall interferon business declined compared to the first quarter of last year, as the market continues to migrate to orals. Overall, we're pleased that the breadth and strength of our product portfolio enabled us to absorb such fluctuations, expand our top line, and maintain our global MS market share of approximately 38%. As a reminder, we had $173 million in foreign exchange hedge gains in 2015, which has begun to impact our year-over-year comparisons. Compared to the first quarter of last year, we had $26 million less in hedge gains this quarter. Combined with the $24 million headwind from natural foreign exchange rates, overall revenue was weakened by approximately $50 million year over year. I'll highlight the FX impact for each of the therapies. Global first quarter TECFIDERA revenue was $946 million. We recorded revenues of $744 million in the U.S. and $202 million outside the U.S. In the U.S., we believe there was a draw-down of TECFIDERA inventory in the wholesale channel, representing approximately $20 million versus prior quarter. Despite an expected choppy start to the quarter, as we worked through the typical seasonality issues, we believe underlying U.S. TECFIDERA patient demand is largely stable. U.S. gross-to-net percentage was comparable to Q4 and largely consistent with our average expected rate for the balance of the year. Outside the U.S., foreign exchange impact, including the reduction in hedge gains, weakened full-year TECFIDERA revenue by approximately $14 million year over year. Last October, we bolstered our marketing efforts in the U.S. by launching a television campaign aimed at increasing patient awareness about MS and TECFIDERA. We believe we did increase awareness. Our current TV campaign will expire in the middle of this year. For various reasons, we plan to sunset this lever and don't currently plan to purchase additional TV spots beyond the middle of the year. We do, nevertheless, plan to continue our marketing efforts across other print and digital channels. Interferon revenues, including both AVONEX and PLEGRIDY, were $670 million during the first quarter, which includes $467 million in the U.S. and $203 million in sales outside the U.S. In the U.S., the results were weaker than anticipated due to a combination of lower underlying demand as patients continued to move toward orals, seasonality issues, and a draw-down of AVONEX wholesale inventory of approximately $20 million. Outside the U.S., foreign exchange impact inclusive of a reduction in hedge gains weakened Q1 interferon revenues by approximately $20 million year over year. Now moving to TYSABRI. With nearly 10 years of post-marketing experience, TYSABRI continued to add patients this quarter, with worldwide revenues of $477 million. These results were comprised of $288 million in the U.S. and $189 million internationally. We believe TYSABRI's well-understood safety profile and robust efficacy, position it well. Foreign exchange impact, including a reduction in hedge gains, weakened Q1 TYSABRI revenue by approximately $14 million year over year. Turning to our hemophilia business. ELOCTATE revenue for the quarter was $108 million, and ALPROLIX revenue in Q1 was $75 million. We recorded $329 million for Q1 in our anti-CD20 collaboration, which includes our profit share from RITUXAN and GAZYVA in the U.S., as well as our profit share and royalties on sales of rituximab outside the U.S. As expected, our share of pre-tax profits in the U.S. on sales of RITUXAN decreased from 40% to 39% at the end of February, following approval of GAZYVA in RITUXAN-refractory indolent non-Hodgkin's lymphoma. Total other revenues, which include revenues from collaboration relationships, royalties, and contract manufacturing, were $88 million. We continued to benefit this quarter from contract manufacturing revenue related to a strategic partner. Now turning to the expense lines on the P&L. Q1 cost of goods sold were $313 million, or 11% of revenue, as we experienced lower-than-typical write-offs of manufacturing runs in inventory. Q1 R&D expense was $437 million, or 16% of revenue. Of note in Q1, we did not have any meaningful business development expense. Recall in the fourth quarter we made a $60 million payment to Mitsubishi Tanabe related to the in-licensing of MT-1303. Additionally, the lower-than-expected R&D run rate seen in Q1 was also favorably impacted by the timing of clinical manufacturing campaigns and other R&D activities. Q1 SG&A expense was $497 million or 18% of revenue. We remain focused on achieving savings in non-labor expenses, with the objective of reducing lower-priority fees and services for the balance of 2016. Other net expense was $53 million in Q1, which includes the interest expense related to our 2015 bond offering. In Q1, our non-GAAP tax rate was approximately 26%. This rate was negatively impacted by approximately 150 basis points related to discrete items. Our weighted average diluted share count was approximately 219 million for Q1. And we ended the quarter with approximately $6.8 billion in cash and marketable securities, with approximately 45% of this in the U.S. This brings us to our non-GAAP diluted earnings per share, which were $4.79 for the quarter, representing a strong 25% increase year over year. Over the last few years, we've gone through an unprecedented number of product launches, and thought it was the right strategy to not be penny wise and pound foolish. Starting in 2015, we pivoted to initiate a number of measures to curb operating expense growth. And late in 2015, we announced a restructuring, and we believe the benefits materialized this quarter. For the balance of the year, we're focused on commercial execution and diligent efforts to further reduce spending where appropriate, while ensuring we simultaneously support the advancement of the pipeline. I'll turn the call over to George for his closing comments.
George A. Scangos - Chief Executive Officer: Okay. Thanks, Paul. Look, I'm pleased with the start of the year. And especially with the 25% increase in earnings versus Q1 of 2015. For the remainder of the year, we're focused on three areas: careful control of our costs, maximizing our revenues, and rapidly advancing the pipeline. The cost reduction actions that we took last year resulted in a meaningful increase in earnings this quarter, and as we move through the year we'll continue to focus on cost control to do all that we can to concentrate our resources on the activities that we believe will add the greatest value. On the revenue side, we're pleased to have Michel Vounatsos join us. I'm very confident in Michel and look forward to all that he and his team will do to maximize the value of our commercial portfolio as we move through this year and into next. We have great drugs that are benefiting a lot of patients, and we want to maximize the benefits to both patients and our shareholders. Additionally, we hope to launch two additional compounds this year, ZINBRYTA and, in the EU, FLIXABI. Since we think of revenue on a multiyear basis, we also will continue our focus on pursuing opportunities outside of Biogen. We continue to track companies and compounds that are potentially interesting for us, and we are in constant discussions with multiple parties, from the types of tuck-in acquisitions that we've done historically to later-stage assets closer to commercialization. And, as we said at previous calls, we want to be active in this area while remaining financially disciplined. This is a very important year for the advancement of our internal pipeline. And it's important to make sure that the enrollment in the two Phase 3 of aducanumab continues to go well. We're pleased with how we're tracking so far, but it's still early, and we want to make sure that we stay on or ideally ahead of schedule for patient enrollment. We aim to get the Phase 3 trials for raxatrigine and amiselimod started on schedule, and we need to make sure that our early pipeline progresses quickly and that we make fact-based go/no-go decisions. And of course once we have the Phase 2 data for opicinumab in the middle of the year, we'll quickly decide on the appropriate path forward for opicinumab itself and for the other remyelinating programs in out pipeline. As Al mentioned, the open label data for nusinersen continue to look encouraging, and we need to do everything that we can to minimize the time to see data from the Phase 3 trials and, if positive, to get the drug to patients as soon as possible. Although not so visible from outside the company, we'll continue to invest in R&D. We believe that our strategy of building world-class research and development will not only help us identify important new therapies ourselves, but will also help us to make thoughtful, sophisticated decisions about what to bring in from outside the company. So we have a lot to do. This is a year for us to keep our heads down and focus on execution in all of the areas that I just outlined. We have a great team and a dedicated group of employees. And as always, I'd like to thank our employees for making a positive impact on patients' lives, and thank the patients and physicians involved in our clinical development programs. The achievements that we've made together could not have been realized without their passion and commitment. So thank you all for joining us this morning. And, operator, we'll now open up the call for questions.
Operator: Your first question comes from the line of Matthew Harrison from Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
Matthew K. Harrison - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Great. Good morning. Thanks for taking the question. So I'm going to ask a two-part question, which you'll probably give me a hard time for, but  so on TECFIDERA, can you just talk a little bit about what's gone on outside the U.S.? If you back out the FX movements that you were talking about, you only saw a sequential $9 million increase in revenues. Is volume substantially slowing outside the U.S.? And then maybe just related to that, you had some contracting changes across the portfolio, specifically with CVS last year. Any big impacts to gross-to-net or some of the trends that may have affected the interferon franchise? Thanks.
Paul J. Clancy - Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, Biogen, Inc.: Thanks, Matt. Great question. This is Paul. I'll try to take it. Outside the United States  we're actually pretty pleased outside the United States. I'd say Germany is a place where we'd like to see performance a little bit better. It probably looks a lot like the United States' performance of TECFIDERA, kind of getting darn close to a 20% share and not punching through over the course of 2015. That's an important market outside the United States, as you all know. When I go across other parts that really are the big contributors outside the United States, it's kind of obviously France, UK, Southern Europe countries of Italy and Spain, and we're very pleased with the performance in Southern Europe. Those are early days in terms of the launch curves for TECFIDERA specifically. We're very, very pleased with that. Performance has exceeded our expectations. And certainly, as we've pointed out in the past, our UK performance is exceptionally strong. We've got a  what we feel is a remarkable team there. They've kind of really kind of broken down the marketplace and attacked it quite vigorously across the suite of Biogen MS therapies. So I think very pleased, I'd say, with the performance outside the United States, with a little bit of homework to do in Germany, which  I think we're actually showing some early signs, very early signs late in the quarter, positive signs. With respect to contracting, it is, as people know, specific to AVONEX and PLEGRIDY, specific to newly diagnosed patients. I think that you combine that with typical seasonality issues in Q1, and we still feel we made the right choices there in terms of as we moved into 2016, and so we don't think there's been a meaningful impact. Certainly kind of working through prior authorizations and things like that for some of the patients has become a more active part of what we do in our patient services organization.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mark Schoenebaum from Evercore ISI. Your line is open.
Mark J. Schoenebaum - Evercore ISI: Sorry. Thank you very much for taking my question  not plural. Paul, congrats again on great P&L management. We all appreciate it, and your investors appreciate it. So many questions to ask. Maybe, Al, just because this is the one I get the most, just going back to the Eisai collaboration, and the A-beta antibody that may or may not have data shortly, the question that I've been getting  I'd just love to hear your thoughts  are, you emphasized a lot when looking at these competing A-beta antibodies, really understanding what the imaging data show post-therapy. That is, does it drain plaque from the brain? And if the answer to that's no, then the clinical outcome is perhaps less important because it doesn't do what your a-mab does, so to speak. But there's been some questions about specifically where the Eisai BAN antibody binds, which type of fibrils, and whether or not  given its specific binding affinities  whether or not you would expect necessarily to see changes on PET scan. So I was just wondering if you could talk us through that. Thanks so much.
Alfred W. Sandrock, Jr. - Executive Vice President, Neurology Discovery & Development Center, Neurodegeneration Therapeutic Area and Chief Medical Officer: Yeah, Mark. The BAN2401, to my understanding, binds the protofibrils as well as oligomers, and I would expect it to reduce amyloid plaque burden. The question for me is does it do that, first of all, and second, to what degree? The thing that was remarkable about aducanumab was that we had a very substantial reduction in the course of one year, arguably 85% or so. Competitor antibodies have not done that, and I don't know where 2401 will land, but that's an important piece. And then we can then start to understand that the relationship between reduction in plaque burden and cognitive outcome. In our hands, in the aducanumab program, only the patients who reduced plaque burden by greater than one standard deviation changed relative to what the placebo patients did  in other words, beyond the noise. Those are the people who got cognitive benefit. The people who did not do that did not have any benefit that we could detect. So we think that's an important piece to look at.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Alethia Young from Credit Suisse. Your line is open.
Alethia Young - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Hey, guys. Thanks for taking my question, and congrats on the expense management as well. I guess from the DTC campaign that you had with TECFIDERA, what were some of the learnings that you took away for that campaign around the television form and why you chose to keep the print? And just kind of similar along that lines, do you have any color on what the average duration for TECFIDERA is right now in the United States?
George A. Scangos - Chief Executive Officer: I'll take the first part of that question. Look, the main purpose of the ad campaign, television campaign, was to increase awareness of TECFIDERA. We were surprised, actually, at the beginning, by the low awareness among patients of TECFIDERA. And we had data suggesting that when patients did learn about TECFIDERA and went to their physician to discuss it, they often had it prescribed. So we wanted to get the awareness up. The ad did succeed in getting awareness up. And then the thesis is, once awareness is up and they have those discussions, they'll go to their physicians and we'll see an increase in prescriptions. We've said we would see that, if we do, in Q2. We're in Q2. And so I think we'll have a final verdict on the success of that TV campaign when we talk to you next quarter. And so those ads don't run forever. So we're taking a pause. We'll continue our other types of activities, and we'll see what we learn and make decisions about any potential future television ads.
Paul J. Clancy - Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, Biogen, Inc.: Alethia  and this is Paul. I'll try to take the second part of your question. Let me kind of answer it in a slightly different way that is a little bit more customary to the way we look at the data and probably more indicative. We try to triangulate on what we call discontinuation rates, the percentage of patients that leave a therapy, call it over the course of a 52-week period. And all the disease-modifying therapies have discontinuation rates, and we think that TECFIDERA experienced higher discontinuation rates than normal, as we moved through 2015, largely due to lymphocyte monitoring and kind of the label change. We actually, importantly, think that we're kind of on, hopefully, on the back side of that. That the medical education has largely been completed. It obviously never stops, but we're hopeful that actually that can provide a little bit of a tailwind as we move through 2016 and as it begins to get back to a more normal level.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Geoffrey Porges from Leerink Partners. Your line is open.
Geoffrey C. Porges - Leerink Partners LLC: Thank you very much, and thanks for taking the question. Paul, just  could you give us some color on how the rest of the year is looking now? You obviously have got a tailwind here with the significantly lower R&D expense, as you've tightened your belt on SG&A. But you did have what looks like $45 million of sequential currency headwind or loss of hedging from Q4. So how should we think about those drivers for the rest of the year? Can you keep at this sort of level on R&D and SG&A? And should we anticipate this kind of magnitude of currency effect through the balance of the year because of your hedge positions?
Paul J. Clancy - Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, Biogen, Inc.: Yeah. Great questions, Geoff, because it's kind of a dynamic that the loss of hedging  not a surprise to us. So that was actually part of our business plan as we swung into 2016. And fundamentally we don't make predictions about where currencies are going to go. But we fully anticipated the fact that we had hedge gains throughout the P&L in 2015, that really come about from the hedges that we put on in 2014. So it's essentially a wraparound effect of the currency changes, mostly in the EU, as we kind of ended, very ended  if you remember, the changes were very end of December of 2014 and January of 2015. So that was fully expected. And so we believe that that will just continue to be a bit of a headwind, which we had thought about. The R&D, I think I'd point out one key dynamic is it's always a little bit choppy, R&D as a percentage of sales, based on business development activity. And we certainly want to, and would welcome, really good business development activity. That's always a positive investment, a positive expense, if done correctly. With all that said, no doubt about it that, as I said, we have made cost control and feel like we're reaping the benefits of what we did late in 2015, as we came into this year. And I think it will continue to be a meaningful effort from me, from the whole organization, to make sure we focus on efficiencies throughout the year.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Eric Schmidt from Cowen & Company. Your line is open.
Eric Schmidt - Cowen & Co. LLC: Yeah, maybe on that R&D investment, either for Paul or George. We all appreciate the focus on the bottom line and costs, and appreciate also there were some puts and takes in Q1. But you're down at 16% of revenue in the first quarter. That's, I think, an all-time low for Biogen. Is that an appropriate rate for this company kind of long term, three to five years, in terms of investment?
George A. Scangos - Chief Executive Officer: Yeah, thanks, Eric. Let me take that question. Look, R&D is choppy, and I don't want anybody to interpret that number as a deliberate effort to cut back on R&D and a de-emphasis on R&D. It is quite the opposite, actually. We are continuing to build a world-class research group. We will continue to invest in research. We believe that is a fundamental part of our strategy to build value. I think we've done a really good job so far. We'll continue that focus. Clinical development, we will spend whatever is necessary to move our pipeline forward  those pipeline compounds that are high potential, high value. We've talked about those. We're continue to invest in those. Frankly, the expenses there we would expect to go up over time as we move more compounds into Phase 3. So I think the trend is largely in that direction. And part of this quarter was also, as Paul said, the lack of BD. And there's not going to be a lack of BD forever. So it was a lack in one quarter. So I don't want anybody to interpret the one-quarter number as a change in our strategy or a de-emphasis of R&D. It's quite the opposite, actually.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Michael Yee from RBC Capital Markets. Your line is open.
Michael Yee - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Hi. Thanks for the question. I know you're not commenting on other outside reports on hemophilia, but I wanted to ask, bigger picture, there's been changes in the market. The incumbent's being acquired. There's gene therapy data yesterday. Maybe you could talk a little bit about the push-pulls for this business, and is this business the business you've been thinking about? And maybe talk a little bit about how this fits in overall in the growth that you see here, given all the changes going on in hemophilia. Thanks.
George A. Scangos - Chief Executive Officer: Yeah, sure. Happy to take that. Look, ELOCTATE and ALPROLIX are doing well. They're gaining market share, and we're pleased with their performance. And they're continuing to gain share. So we're feeling good about there. We have not yet seen any impact on their trajectories from the introduction of other long-acting factors, so we take that as a positive sign. So I think the prospects for the business look quite healthy. In the longer term, there are a number of products, as there are in every therapeutic area, coming forward, and we're keeping a close eye on them. There's certainly  we saw BioMarin's data, which are interesting but early. I mean, I haven't seen anything that you haven't seen. I saw good Factor VIII levels that persisted for some period of time, and we saw some liver enzyme issues that needed to be treated with corticosteroids. So we'll see how that plays out over time. Those are early. I would say interesting data, but early. It's similar, I think, to our immune tolerance induction data that we have with ELOCTATE. We haven't talked about this a lot, but a fair number of hemophiliacs develop inhibitory antibodies when they're treated. And that results in the necessity for immune tolerance induction, which means high levels of factor that are given over 12 to 18 months before immune tolerance emerges. There've been a very limited number of patients, three, so I don't want to overstate this. Again, these are very early data, so  and I don't want to be here overstating the case. But, again, these are early data, but also encouraging. So of the three patients that have been treated with ELOCTATE for immune tolerance induction, they all became tolerant within three to four months. So much shorter period of time. If those data are confirmed in further studies, we believe that that could be an important upward lift for ELOCTATE. So I think there are lots of early data emerging. They all need to be confirmed with larger studies. And we feel good about the business and where we are. We have our own longer-acting factors coming. We talked about some of them. There are earlier ones that are in our research group now. So I think we feel good about the current products, and we feel good about the future of the business as well.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ying Huang from Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Your line is open.
Ying Huang - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Hi, good morning. Thanks for taking my question. First one is, many investors think you guys have lost flexibility on balance sheet because you guys really don't have much net debt. I'm just probing maybe the question for Paul  what's the willingness here to do another significant share buyback given your balance sheet strength? And then, secondly, I want to ask about a TECFIDERA inventory situation here. So in fourth quarter you had a $30 million inventory built in the U.S., and then there's a destocking of $20 million this quarter. Should we expect another $10 million to go next quarter? Thank you.
Paul J. Clancy - Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, Biogen, Inc.: All right, Ying, why don't I try to clean up the clarity on the second part of your question. So the $30 million that I talked about last quarter was our best estimate at that time. In retrospect now, it probably is closer to the $20 million. In reality, it's probably in between. So I think that we've gone through the destocking of what we talked about last quarter and just wanted to kind of clarify it with the prepared remarks. With respect to the balance sheet, I think it gets to the broader question of capital allocation. Currently, we're actually sitting on a pretty high cash balance. As I pointed out, like many others, we have the peculiar situation of ex-U.S. cash is a little bit more than half of that. But aside from that, that largely arises out of two things: the great, strong cash flow generation of the company, coupled with the debt financing that we did in the fall of 2015. Look, I think we will look to strategically deploy it. And if we come up that there are not options to strategically deploy it, we will look towards returning capital to shareholders. We don't measure that, as we've talked about before, on a 90-day basis, just because that's not the kind of clock speed of things. In both situations, it depends on price and value. So it depends, and in both situations, the financial objective is to maximize intrinsic value per share. So we look towards investing in deployments of capital that really drive great internal rates of return. I think I'd also point out, look, over a longer period of time, I think this company, with the great cash flow generation it has, has flexibility to do both.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Robyn Karnauskas from Citigroup. Your line is open.
Robyn Karnauskas - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Hi, guys, thanks for taking my question. So just a question on strategy a little bit, and thinking about the company longer term. So you've got the MS business now stable, but it's faced some compression from new therapies. And you have hemophilia as a growing business and pipeline. I'm just wondering, how are you thinking about how important it is to diversify the business further? Do you have any concerns or no (42:17), or how are you thinking about, could there be something that puts pricing pressure on the MS market, and what could trigger it, and how are you thinking about maybe derisking the company from such an event? None of us think of it as a near-term event, but it's something that could happen over the long term. Maybe just help us think about the longer-term strategy of the company and your thoughts on price.
George A. Scangos - Chief Executive Officer: Thanks, Robyn. This is George. I'll start with that, and other people can chime in. Look, I think we're feeling good about the MS business as it exists today. We're going right. But if you look at our pipeline, you'll see that many of the things we're working on are not in MS. We think LINGO, actually, could be a transformative event in the treatment of MS, and we are not working in  beyond ZINBRYTA on novel  let's say additional drugs that would downregulate the immune system. I think there are enough of those on the market; there are more coming. For many MS patients, those don't stop the progression. They slow the progression, but they don't stop the progression. And so we believe things like LINGO actually are the types of compounds that could actually transform that market and give it additional vibrancy as we move out through the 2020s. That being said, if you look at what we're emphasizing now and what we have in Phase 3, it's nusinersen for SMA, it's aducanumab for Alzheimer's disease, it's raxatrigine for neuropathic pain. It's amiselimod for IBD and Crohn's disease. So we have deliberately brought in a series of compounds and are conducting late-stage trials in things that are outside of MS, partially for the reason you just outlined.
Robyn Karnauskas - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): (44:18) and your thoughts on price  anything that can trigger a pricing compression in the marketplace?
George A. Scangos - Chief Executive Officer: We don't see anything in the near term, no. As you move out into the 2020s, certainly could be, but don't see anything near term.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Geoff Meacham from Barclays. Your line is open.
Geoffrey Meacham - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Morning, guys. Thanks for taking the question. A couple commercial ones. In the context of your DTC campaign, I was curious if you guys have any data on re-treatment of patients who went on TECFIDERA right at the launch? And then just with respect to  related question with respect to first quarter trends or even fourth quarter, any impact thus far from generic Copaxone on the interferon market vis--vis share? Thanks.
Alfred W. Sandrock, Jr. - Executive Vice President, Neurology Discovery & Development Center, Neurodegeneration Therapeutic Area and Chief Medical Officer: Yeah, Geoff, I'll try to address that. Not a lot of data on re-treatment. So we have plenty of data, but I can't off the top of my head think of anything as it relates to that. With respect to generic Cop, the data would suggest that it's a pretty small percentage at this point in time. And the data would suggest that it very much is just impacting Copaxone. So that's how we see it anecdotally, as well as how the data from a market share and a patient trends suggests.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Brian Abrahams from Jefferies. Your line is open.
Brian Abrahams - Jefferies LLC: Hi. Thanks for taking my question. A question for Michel, if I may. First of all, congratulations on the new position. I know it's very early days, but I'm curious if you could maybe talk broadly about your objectives coming into Biogen, areas where see the potential to have the most impact on the commercial business under your leadership, and perhaps more specifically how you're thinking about potentially reaccelerating growth in MS and positioning for a potential ocrelizumab entry while still balancing the company's focus on achieving cost savings?
Paul J. Clancy - Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, Biogen, Inc.: Thanks, Brian. Brian, this is Paul. We had Michel prepared for wholesaler inventory questions. Michel?  So thanks for the question. Good morning, everybody. This is Michel Vounatsos, week one at Biogen. So as you can imagine, I am more on the learning and listening mode, and it's far too early for me to assess the strategy. I will be focusing a lot of time on the key geographies, obviously, and the key customers, to best understand and the key franchises. So I hope that in the near future, I'll be in a better position to assess the next steps. What I can tell you is that I'm extremely encouraged and honored to be part of this team and looking forward to engaging with all of you in the near future. Thanks for your understanding.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jim Birchenough from Wells Fargo Securities. Your line is open.
Jim Birchenough - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Yeah, hi, guys. Maybe a question on the pipeline and some help in assessing the risk-adjusted value of nusinersen. And on the risk side of it, when you look at the data we saw at AAN and that we've seen over the last few years, how do you get comfortable with the comparison with historical controls? And then on the opportunity, perhaps you could speak to how you view that opportunity in SMA between the Type I and then the Type II/III patient. Thanks.
Alfred W. Sandrock, Jr. - Executive Vice President, Neurology Discovery & Development Center, Neurodegeneration Therapeutic Area and Chief Medical Officer: Well, the comparison with historical controls is always a little bit dangerous to do, because you have to choose cohorts, and you try to match them to your patients but the standard of practice changes over time. So these patients might be getting better over time just by the clinical practice improving. On the other hand, when you start to see lack of events of the type that was shown at the AAN  since December of 2014, no new events. That's a pretty striking difference, and these are hard endpoints, like time to tracheostomy or ventilation and time to death. It's hard for me to see how that kind of thing could be happening due to simply improving medical care. So I think we're getting more and more encouraged, but I would note that we have these two well-controlled trials, one in infant-onset SMA and one in childhood-onset SMA. And that, to me, is a definitive data set that we're going to be looking at. And in terms of the opportunities in infant and childhood, I mean, I think they're both big opportunities, and I look forward to being able to help patients in both categories.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Cory Kasimov from JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Cory W. Kasimov - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Hey, good morning, guys. Thank you for taking my question. Actually wanted to follow up on nusinersen. George, in your scripted comments, when you talked about doing whatever you can to minimize the time to Phase 3 data for the product, is there anything specific that can actually be done to shorten that timeline, given that enrollment is complete for one of the trials and close to it for the other? Is there anything else you were referring to?
George A. Scangos - Chief Executive Officer: Look, at this time, let me just say that we are cognizant of the need to get this drug to patients as soon as we can, if it works. So the first part of that is being confident that it works. And, as Al said, we're going to need to see data from the control trials in order to make that case to the agencies, certainly, and for us to be absolutely certain as well. So we want to get there as quickly as we can. And once we have those data, we absolutely want to minimize the time until these kids have access to it  again, if it works. And these are especially the Type I kids who don't have a lot of time. And so there are a lot of kids out there today who desperately need something. And so we're trying to shorten that timeframe. But I don't want to get into any of the specifics of how we're doing that.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Terence Flynn from Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Terence Flynn - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Hi, thanks for taking the question. Just on the LINGO MS data coming in midyear, I know you guys are looking at a range of endpoints here, including disability and cognition. I think disability's pretty easy for all of us to benchmark, as there's a lot of data there. But on the cognition side, I know you're using this PASAT-3 scale. Anything you can do there, just to help frame for us in terms of what would be a meaningful outcome on that measurement? Thank you.
Alfred W. Sandrock, Jr. - Executive Vice President, Neurology Discovery & Development Center, Neurodegeneration Therapeutic Area and Chief Medical Officer: Yeah, we've had a lot of experience with PASAT. We've been using it in MS trials for about 20 years now. One of the things we know is that there's a practice effect. And so I expect to see some improvement on the score, even in untreated patients, just because of the practice effect. What I'm hoping to see with anti-LINGO, and I don't know whether we will or not, is that there would be an even better learning effect in the anti-LINGO-treated patients. And it would be great to see a dose response. That would make it even more compelling if we saw that. In terms of what is considered clinically meaningful, that hasn't been established in the world of MS yet. We have no established precedents on that. I will say that some compounds have shown some efficacy on this by virtue of preventing new MS lesions, but certainly not in this new era of reparative therapies.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ian Somaiya from BMO Capital Markets. Your line is open.
M. Ian Somaiya - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Thanks. Just a question for Al. On aducanumab, I was just hoping to get your thoughts on the targeting of A-beta. Specifically, I think you've implied, and I think there's plenty of data out there, suggesting that beta amyloid levels or amyloid beta levels might have actually plateaued by the time a patient shows any signs of mild cognitive impairment. Was just curious to get your thoughts, sort of the appropriateness of targeting A-beta in patients where plaques have already reached sort of a level-set, and what potentially could be driving the disease in these patients, in terms of their progression and whether there's another target that would make more sense?
Alfred W. Sandrock, Jr. - Executive Vice President, Neurology Discovery & Development Center, Neurodegeneration Therapeutic Area and Chief Medical Officer: Yeah, so it's true that when you look at plaque burden, it does tend to plateau already in the prodromal phase. And certainly by the (53:43), it's pretty flat. And so, what drives the progression beyond that, we believe, is probably tau. Tau comes on later. If you look at the imaging studies, tau comes on later. And there's a lot of data, preclinical data, that shows that A-beta pathology triggers tau pathology. So we're learning a lot about tau now. We know that, in normal aging, there is some aggregated tau in the medial temporal lobe. But in patients with Alzheimer's disease, it spreads beyond the medial temporal lobe, and that spread is probably triggered by A-beta. And so that's the reason why we have some programs in tau. We have some preclinical, as well as early clinical programs. Both antibodies, as well as antisense. And so, in the later stages, we might need to treat for tau, perhaps in combination with the A-beta therapies, because I don't think you want to re-accumulate A-beta once you removed it.
Operator: And your last question comes from the line of Chris Raymond from Raymond James. Your line is open.
Christopher Raymond - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Hey, thanks for letting me slip in here. So just a question on anti-LINGO. So at AAN, there was some interesting data on clemastine. That agent seems to have at least some sort of similarity in terms of mechanism to LINGO in terms of impacting the oligodendrocyte differentiation at least. Wondering, Al, if you had any thoughts  is there any kind of read-through we should be thinking about, with respect to that agent and the results there? Thanks.
Alfred W. Sandrock, Jr. - Executive Vice President, Neurology Discovery & Development Center, Neurodegeneration Therapeutic Area and Chief Medical Officer: Yeah, so we've  the clemastine came from this micropillar assay that was developed in San Francisco, where they have oligodendrocytes wrapping myelin essentially around tubes. And what they found was that there were a number of antimuscarinic compounds that work, benztropine, as well as clemastine. We've actually tested clemastine in our oligodendroctye differentiation assay here, and in our hands it's less potent than BIIB-61, our oral compound that we have in early clinical trials, and it's also less effective overall in a side-by-side comparison in our hands. Nevertheless, I did look at the data. Crossover designs like the one that they did are probably not the best approach for looking at disease-modifying therapies, because when you switch from clemastine to placebo, I don't expect that the  if it is causing myelination, how would the placebo patients look? They would continue to get the benefits from the clemastine that they had received in the period prior. So nevertheless they did show a modest effect on latency of the conduction between the retina and the brain, and we're keeping a close eye on that. I think that these are all early-day experiments in reparative therapies, and I believe we have established one of the best ways of looking at this in our anti-LINGO program, both in acute optic neuritis, as well as the MS program.
George A. Scangos - Chief Executive Officer: Okay. If there are no further questions, let me thank you all for your time this morning, and we'll sign off. Thanks.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2015 Q4  (2016-01-27 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Matthew Calistri - Senior Director of Investor Relations George A. Scangos - Chief Executive Officer Alfred W. Sandrock, Jr. - Executive Vice President, Neurology Discovery & Development Center, Neurodegeneration Therapeutic Area and Chief Medical Officer Paul J. Clancy - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President
Analysts: Geoffrey Meacham - Barclays Capital, Inc. Eric Schmidt - Cowen & Co. LLC Brian Abrahams - Jefferies LLC Mark J. Schoenebaum - Evercore ISI Michael J. Yee - RBC Capital Markets LLC Matthew K. Harrison - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Christopher Raymond - Raymond James & Associates, Inc. Cameron Bradshaw - Goldman Sachs & Co. Matt M. Roden - UBS Securities LLC Ying Huang - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Cory W. Kasimov - JPMorgan Securities LLC Nick Abbott - Wells Fargo Securities LLC
Operator: Good morning. My name is Dan, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Biogen fourth quarter and year-end 2015 financial results and business update. Thank you. I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Matt Calistri, Senior Director of Investor Relations. You may begin your conference.
Matthew Calistri - Senior Director of Investor Relations: Thank you, and welcome to Biogen's fourth quarter and full-year 2015 earnings conference call. Before we begin, I encourage everyone to go to the Investors section of Biogen.com to find the press release and related financial tables, including a reconciliation of the GAAP to non-GAAP financial measures that we'll discuss today. Our GAAP financials are provided in Tables 1 and 2. Table 3 includes a reconciliation of our GAAP to non-GAAP financial results. We believe non-GAAP financial results better represent the ongoing economics of our business and reflect how we manage the business internally. We have also posted slides on our website that follow the discussions related to this call. I would like to point out that we will be making forward-looking statements, which are based on our current expectations and beliefs. These statements are subject to certain risks and uncertainties, and our actual results may differ materially. I encourage you to consult our SEC filings for additional detail. On today's call, I'm joined by our Chief Executive Officer, Dr. George Scangos; Dr. Al Sandrock, our Chief Medical Officer; and our CFO, Paul Clancy. Now I'll turn the call over to George.
George A. Scangos - Chief Executive Officer: Thanks, Matt, and good morning, everyone, and thanks for joining us today. In 2015 Biogen generated revenues of $10.8 billion, an 11% increase over 2014, and non-GAAP EPS of $17.01, a 23% increase over 2014. Although the revenues were less than we'd anticipated at the beginning of last year, I'm pleased that we were able to take appropriate action in the second half of the year to maintain healthy earnings growth while we continue to advance the potentially transformative therapies in our pipeline. TECFIDERA's demand has been stable in the U.S., and combined with growth in Europe we expect TECFIDERA to continue to drive our global leadership in multiple sclerosis. TECFIDERA is now not only the most prescribed oral MS therapy worldwide; it is also the most prescribed of all MS therapies in Germany, France, and the U.K. Overall, more than 170,000 patients have been treated with TECFIDERA. Our hemophilia products, ELOCTATE and ALPROLIX, generated over $0.5 billion of revenue in their first full year on the market in the U.S. In November, the European Commission approved ELOCTA for the treatment of hemophilia A in the EU, which we believe will help to contribute growth in hemophilia this year as our collaboration partner Sobi commercializes ELOCTA in additional markets. We also made progress in business development. We acquired Convergence Pharmaceuticals and raxatrigine, their lead compound. Raxatrigine is an oral small-molecule Nav1.7 blocker with promising Phase 2 data that will move into Phase 3 this year. We licensed amiselimod, or MT-1303, from Mitsubishi Tanabe Pharma, a late-stage S1P1 inhibitor for ulcerative colitis and Crohn's disease. We entered into a collaboration agreement with AGTC to develop gene-based therapies for multiple ophthalmic diseases. And this month BENEPALI was approved in the EU. BENEPALI, the first etanercept biosimilar approved in the EU, is the first of three potential anti-TNFs to advance under our Samsung Bioepis joint venture with Samsung Biologics. Under our agreements with Samsung Bioepis, we will manufacture and commercialize BENEPALI in the EU. Meanwhile, we continued investing in 2015. We purchased land in Solothurn, Switzerland, and this Friday, January 29, will break ground on an advanced, next-generation Biologics manufacturing facility there. And we purchased Eisai's drug product manufacturing facility and supporting infrastructure in Research Triangle Park, North Carolina. We also took actions to return capital and change the capital structure of the business. We fully implemented our $5 billion share-repurchase program, and a portion of that repurchase was funded through the $6 billion debt offering that we completed in September. In R&D, we moved forward several exciting mid- and late-stage assets in our pipeline. It may seem like a long time ago now, but it was Q1 2015 that we presented the aducanumab data showing a statistically significant removal of plaque and slowing of cognitive decline in Alzheimer's patients. We presented data suggesting that our anti-LINGO antibody is biologically active in remyelination. And the Phase 2 data for nusinersen generated by our partner Ionis, looks increasingly encouraging as a potential therapy for spinal muscular atrophy. We also initiated Phase 1 trials in ALS and Parkinson's disease. Al will discuss the many advances we made in our pipeline in more detail, but I think this progress is a testament to our commitment to patients and our world-class capabilities across the breadth of R&D. We also continued to strengthen our early-stage clinical and research capabilities. We bolstered research talent in our neuroscience group and established collaborations with first-rate academic centers around the world. As a result, I believe we're now in a better position than ever to both discover novel therapies and accelerate drug development while minimizing risk. Lastly, summarizing 2015 would not be complete without commenting on the restructuring we implemented in October. Although it was a difficult decision, we've already seen positive results from the steps that we took. With the majority of the restructuring now completed, there's a palpable reinvigorated focus on our key commercial initiatives and high-potential pipeline candidates, and our operating expenses are trending at a rate that we believe can continue to provide healthy earnings leverage going forward. So all in all it was a busy and eventful year, and we believe that the progress we made and actions we took positioned us well for a potentially transformative 2016 and beyond. And with that, I'll pass the call along to Al for an update on R&D.
Alfred W. Sandrock, Jr. - Executive Vice President, Neurology Discovery & Development Center, Neurodegeneration Therapeutic Area and Chief Medical Officer: Thanks, George. 2015 was a productive year for the R&D organization. We advanced the next wave of potential medicines through the pipeline, added important assets through business department and acquisitions, and expanded our research leadership by hiring world-class scientists. I believe our pipeline and our organization are stronger than they have ever been. Starting with Alzheimer's disease, last year we presented compelling interim Phase 1b data for aducanumab, the first investigational drug for Alzheimer's disease to demonstrate both a significantly reduction of amyloid plaque, as well as slowing of cognitive decline. In August, we began enrolling patients into two pivotal Phase 3 trials of aducanumab in early Alzheimer's disease. We are pleased with the progress of these studies but recognize the inherent challenges in recruiting patients with early Alzheimer's disease and the limited availability of PET scanners. Fortunately, owing to the strong results from our clinical trials to date, there has been substantial interest in the program, which we believe has helped with recruitment. That said, we continue to anticipate that the Phase 3 enrollment duration will be similar to other large clinical trials in Alzheimer's disease. Looking ahead, in the second half of 2016, we expect to share additional safety data from the ongoing titration arms of the Phase 1b PRIME study for aducanumab. Our other two midstage clinical candidates for AD that are partnered with Eisai continue to advance. Eisai has indicated that they anticipate releasing interim safety data this year for E2609, a small-molecule BACE1 inhibitor, and we're also expecting to see top-line efficacy and safety data for BAN2401, a monoclonal antibody targeting beta amyloid. Moving to anti-LINGO, you may recall that last year we presented Phase 2 data in acute optic neuritis. To our knowledge, this was the first clinical trial to show evidence of remyelination following an acute inflammatory demyelinating injury in humans, and we believe that these results support our ongoing development efforts. Our Phase 2 SYNERGY study in MS is a 418-patient double-blind multicenter study assessing four doses of anti-LINGO versus placebo when added to interferon beta therapy. It utilizes a composite endpoint comprising outcome measures of disability, cognition, and physical function. We believe that a separation from placebo on any of these measures could be clinically meaningful. We're also looking at imaging endpoints that reflect the integrity of myelinated nerve fibers. Any differences in treatment effect between pre-existing and newly acquired lesions will also be of interest. We believe that the robust design of this clinical trial will enable a better understanding of the therapy's potential in MS. And if the results are positive, the trial should provide valuable insight into the design of our Phase 3 program. Results for SYNERGY are anticipated in mid-2016. Now turning to nusinersen. Our partner Ionis recently completed target enrollment of the Phase 3 CHERISH study in children with childhood-onset SMA. And by the first half of this year, we hope to complete enrollment in ENDEAR, the Phase 3 study evaluating nusinersen in infants with infantile-onset SMA. This progress sets the stage for data from both of these trials to be available in the first half of 2017. Whereas the data from the early-stage open-label clinical trials are encouraging when compared to data from natural history studies, the well-controlled Phase 3 studies are designed to definitively assess the safety and efficacy of nusinersen. We are meeting frequently with regulators from Europe, Japan, and the United States with the goal of making the drug available to SMA patients as rapidly as possible. Moving on to our hemophilia therapies, last month at the 57th American Society of Hematology Annual Meeting, we presented new data demonstrating that ELOCTATE and ALPROLIX effectively managed bleeding into joints and maintained low annualized bleeding rates in people with severe hemophilia A and B, reaffirming the benefits of these two therapies. In addition, teams from the University of Pittsburgh, the Hemophilia Center of Western Pennsylvania, and the University of Texas Southwestern Medical Center presented data showing that immune tolerance induction using ELOCTATE was successful in three children with inhibitors, including a child previously failing recombinant factor VIII immune tolerance induction. The time to achieving tolerance in the study was four to 12 weeks, which appears to be significantly shorter than with the standard of practice, which can take several months to several years. During the quarter we, in collaboration with Ionis, also announced the initiation of a Phase 1/2 clinical study of an antisense drug against superoxide dismutase, or SOD1, in patients with amyotrophic lateral sclerosis. I am pleased to announce that last week we dosed our first patient in the trial. Mutations in the SOD1 gene result in the second most common form of familial ALS, affecting approximately 2% of all ALS patients. We also continued to make excellent progress toward initiating multiple late-stage clinical trials in 2016. Next month we anticipate sharing additional Phase 2 study results for TYSABRI in acute ischemic stroke at the International Stroke Conference in Los Angeles. While a single dose of natalizumab administered up to nine hours after stroke onset did not reduce focal infarct volume, treatment was associated with meaningful improvements in clinical outcomes over the course of 90 days. The clinical profile and treatment window supports further investigation of natalizumab as a potential novel approach for treating acute ischemic stroke, and we intend to conduct a Phase 2b trial. Amiselimod, or MT-1303, an S1P1 inhibitor for inflammatory bowel disease, is anticipated to advance to Phase 3 trials this year. In the second half of the year, we plan to initiate Phase 3 studies for both ulcerative colitis and Crohn's disease. We currently have no plans for the asset in MS but expect to continue to evaluate other options for the molecule in collaboration with our partner Mitsubishi Tanabe. Raxatrigine, a small-molecule inhibitor of the Nav1.7 sodium channel, is in development for several pain indications. In the second half of the year, we anticipate initiating a Phase 3 trial to confirm the efficacy of raxatrigine in patients with trigeminal neuralgia. We also plan to initiate a Phase 2 trial in patients with sciatica later this year. I'll now pass the call over to Paul.
Paul J. Clancy - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Thanks, Al. Our GAAP diluted earnings per share were $3.77 in the fourth quarter and $15.34 for the full year. Our non-GAAP diluted earnings per share were $4.50 in the fourth quarter and $17.01 for the full year. Total revenue for Q4 grew 8% year over year to approximately $2.8 billion and grew 11% for the full year to $10.8 billion. Foreign exchange, offset by hedging, weakened fourth quarter revenue by approximately $35 million versus prior year and by approximately $227 million for the full year versus prior year. Global Q4 TECFIDERA revenue was $993 million. We recorded revenues of $785 million in the U.S. and $208 million outside the U.S. TECFIDERA U.S. revenue benefited from an increase in wholesaler inventory by approximately $30 million versus prior quarter. At this point, we believe TECFIDERA's safety perceptions and physician intent to prescribe have largely stabilized in the U.S. We're seeing positive leading indicators for the recently launched marketing campaign for TECFIDERA, including increased visits to our website and higher call volume into our patient services organization. In Europe TECFIDERA continued its trend of solid patient growth this quarter, especially in more recently launched markets such as the U.K., Italy, and Spain. The European label for TECFIDERA was updated in December, and we're actively educating physicians on appropriate patient monitoring. For the full year, worldwide TECFIDERA revenues were $3.6 billion, consisting of $2.9 billion in the U.S. and $730 million in sales outside the U.S. Foreign exchange impact, offset by hedging, weakened full-year TECFIDERA revenue by approximately $27 million versus prior year. Interferon revenues including both AVONEX and PLEGRIDY were $740 million during the fourth quarter, which includes $506 million in the U.S. and $233 million in sales outside the U.S. For the full year, worldwide interferon revenues were $3 billion, consisting of $2 billion in the U.S. and $951 million in sales outside the U.S. Foreign exchange impact, offset by hedging, weakened full-year interferon revenues by approximately $88 million versus prior year. TYSABRI continued to add patients this quarter, with worldwide revenues of $481 million. These results were comprised of $278 million in the U.S. and $203 million internationally. For the full year, worldwide TYSABRI revenues were approximately $1.9 billion. We recorded U.S. revenue of $1.1 billion and $783 million internationally. Foreign exchange impact, offset by hedging, weakened full-year revenue for TYSABRI by approximately $90 million versus prior year. Physicians continue to choose TYSABRI for patients requiring high efficacy, and nearly 10 years after approval we believe its well-understood safety profile positions TYSABRI well. Turning to hemophilia business, ELOCTATE revenue for the quarter was $101 million and $320 million for the full year. ALPROLIX revenue in Q4 was $71 million and $234 million for the full year. Turning to our anti-CD20 unconsolidated joint business, which includes our profit share for RITUXAN and GAZYVA in the U.S., as well as our profit sharing royalties on sales of rituximab outside the U.S. We recorded $334 million for Q4 and $1.3 billion for the full year. While there was a slight inventory drawdown for RITUXAN in the fourth quarter, we ended the year with a higher inventory level than we had anticipated. We also benefited from a $6 million payment from Roche in exchange for access to data supporting the development of ocrelizumab. Corporate partner revenues were $69 million for the fourth quarter, compared to $40 million in the prior quarter. The increase was related to contract manufacturing for Samsung Bioepis and another strategic partner. For the full year, corporate partner revenues were $189 million. During the quarter, we booked a total GAAP charge of approximately $93 million related to the restructuring announced in October. Now turning to the non-GAAP expense lines on the P&L. Q4 cost of goods sold were $332 million or 12% of revenue. For the full year, COGS were $1.2 billion or 12% of revenue. Q4 non-GAAP R&D expense was $542 million or 19% of revenue, which includes a $60 million payment to Mitsubishi Tanabe. For the full year, non-GAAP R&D expense was $2 billion or 19% of revenue. Q4 non-GAAP SG&A expense was $583 million or 21% of revenue. For the full year, non-GAAP SG&A expense was $2.1 billion or 20% of revenue. Other net expense was approximately $82 million in the fourth quarter, which includes $67 million in interest expense, primarily related to our recent bond offering. Full-year other net expense was $124 million, including approximately $96 million in interest expense. Our Q4 non-GAAP tax rate was approximately 23% for the fourth quarter, as we benefited from the reinstated R&D tax credit. Our full-year tax rate was approximately 24%. During the year, we repurchased approximately 16.8 million shares of our common stock, completing our previously authorized $5 billion share repurchase program. Our weighted average diluted share count was approximately 221 million for Q4, 231 million for the full year, and we ended the year with approximately 219 million basic shares outstanding. This brings us to our non-GAAP diluted earnings per share, which were $4.50 for the fourth quarter and $17.01 for the full year, representing a 23% increase for the full year. We ended the year with approximately $6.2 billion in cash and marketable securities, split approximately 40/60 between the U.S. and ex-U.S. So overall, we had a strong quarter benefiting from favorable inventory dynamics for TECFIDERA, stronger-than-anticipated contract manufacturing in RITUXAN revenue, and the reinstatement of the R&D tax credit. Let me turn to our full-year 2016 guidance. We expect revenues of approximately $11.1 billion to $11.3 billion. Starting with multiple sclerosis. Our plan assumes relatively stable demand for TECFIDERA in 2016 in the United States. While we're hopeful our recently launched marketing campaign can reaccelerate growth, we remain cautious, as we believe we will not ascertain the impact until the second quarter of this year. In Europe, we anticipate constant pricing for the rest of the year and continued patient growth, particularly in recently launched markets. For TYSABRI, we believe the therapy will remain on a stable trajectory. We believe the number of patients using AVONEX and PLEGRIDY combined will continue to decline as patients move toward orals, though we remain well-positioned within this segment of the market. Our financial guidance assumes no U.S. price increases for AVONEX, PLEGRIDY, and TECFIDERA for the remainder of the year. With respect to foreign exchange, our plan is based on the current spot rates. Of note, we had an approximately $170 million in hedge gains in 2015. Given our hedges are usually placed 12 months forward, we expect limited hedge gains in 2016, so the year-over-year comparison is less favorable. Moving to our hemophilia therapies. We anticipate continued growth with ELOCTATE, as we believe there remains a significant portion of the patient population that can benefit from long-acting therapies. We're assuming moderating patient adds for ALPROLIX, given the rapid uptake and penetration so far. In 2016 we're assuming our profit share for RITUXAN and GAZYVA will decrease to 39% from 40% upon FDA approval of GAZYVA in RITUXAN-refectory indolent non-Hodgkin's lymphoma. Our plan assumes ocrelizumab will launch in 2017. Moving to an expense perspective, we anticipate slight upward pressure on cost of goods sold rate, largely due to increases in contract manufacturing, biosimilars, and increased hemophilia royalties. We anticipate R&D expense between 19% and 20% of sales, which includes approximately $100 million earmarked for business development activity. We plan to invest in a number of R&D programs across our late-stage pipeline, including aducanumab, nusinersen, raxatrigine, and amiselimod for inflammatory bowel disease. SG&A expense is expected to be approximately 17% to 18% of revenue. The head count reduction and restructuring announced in October is expected to benefit operating expenses by approximately $250 million. We've also planned to reduce targeted fees and services expenses, which are largely reflected in SG&A. From a tax perspective, we anticipate upward pressure on our 2016 tax rate, as our profitability mix shifts toward the U.S. We anticipate non-GAAP earnings per share results between $18.30 and $18.60 and GAAP EPS to be between $16.85 and $17.15. Our plan assumes share stabilization with a weighted average diluted share count of approximately 219 million. From a cash perspective, we expect to pay $1.2 billion in CVR payments to Fumapharm in 2016 related to the sales of TECFIDERA, and we anticipate capital expenditures of approximately $800 million to $850 million, an increase over 2015, primarily driven by the investment in the Swiss manufacturing plants. So the business plan is designed to provide investment to support TECFIDERA, surgically look to control spending, and ensure we're utterly focused on investing in and progressing the pipeline. I'll turn the call over to George.
George A. Scangos - Chief Executive Officer: Okay, thank you, Paul. Clearly the commercial trajectory of TECFIDERA was not what we thought it would be at the beginning of last year, and as a result our revenues fell short of our initial projections. While obviously not happy with that, I'm very pleased with the way the company responded. We put additional marketing muscle behind TECFIDERA, we reduced costs and focused the company, and we accelerated our stock repurchase program. As a result, we maintained healthy earnings growth at the same time as we continued our investments in aducanumab, LINGO, and the other exciting programs in our pipeline. We also continued to invest in additions to our pipeline. We acquired Convergence and its lead compound raxatrigine; we licensed amiselimod from Mitsubishi Tanabe; we completed the gene therapy relationship with AGTC; and we brought additional compounds into the clinic from our own and our partners' research efforts. Our commercial portfolio continued to expand globally, as we extended our position as the worldwide leader in multiple sclerosis and significantly grew our hemophilia business. In 2016, we plan to remain focused on commercial execution and advancing our pipeline, which we expect to be the primary source of value creation over the long term. We're looking forward to many updates over the next year, including insight into the potential impact of TECFIDERA's recently launched marketing campaign by the second quarter; Phase 2 top line results for anti-LINGO in MS in the middle of the year; Phase 2 data for BAN2401 and E2609; continued Phase 2 data for nusinersen from Ionis, followed by Phase 3 data next year; and Phase 1b titration data for aducanumab in the second half of the year. We expect to launch up to three compounds this year: BENEPALI in Europe following approval from the European Commission earlier this month, ZINBRYTA pending approval in the first half of the year, and potentially an infliximab biosimilar also in Europe. Thinking even further ahead, we believe that we're entering the early years of a potentially transformative era in neurogeneration drug discovery and development, and we believe that our commitment to research has the potential to yield results that are truly meaningful for patients and shareholders. As I said at the recent JPMorgan conference, I believe that our pipeline and our approach, which has the risk inherent in all truly innovative and groundbreaking approaches, is measured and thoughtful. The combination of a much better understanding of disease biology, the focus on genetically validated targets, the use of biomarkers to learn early whether or not our compounds are having the desired biological effects, and the adoption of multiple therapeutic modalities may meaningful increase success rates and identify those projects likely to fail early in the process, before large amounts of time and money are spent. Our strategy is evident in the design of the aducanumab Phase 1b trial, the Phase 2 study of nusinersen, the Phase 2 studies of anti-LINGO, and our recently initiated Phase 1 trial for SOD1 ALS. We have additional examples, some of which we'll talk about as the year goes on. In closing, and as always, I'd like to thank our employees, who are dedicated to making a positive impact on patients' lives, and also the patients and physicians who were involved in our clinical development programs. The achievements we made together could not have been realized without their passion and commitment. So thank you all for joining us this morning, and the operator will now open up the call for questions.
Operator: Your first question comes from the line of Geoff Meacham from Barclays. Your line is open.
Geoffrey Meacham - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Morning, guys. Thanks for taking the question. Just have a couple of quick ones, one on the commercial side. I know it's early days, but are there any initial metrics on the TEC DTC campaign when you look at things like new starts or returning patients? And then the second one is on the pipeline. When you look at the ENGAGE and EMERGE studies, Al, are there lessons to be learned from Lilly in terms of managing PET scan facilities? And what do you think identification of early-stage Alzheimer's patients means to the market opportunity? Thank you.
George A. Scangos - Chief Executive Officer: Thanks, Geoff. Let me start with the TEC DTC question. I guess I'd reinforce what we said in our prepared remarks around, that really to try to discern it we're going to be looking kind of in Q2 time period. I mean, clearly Q2's not a light switch to determine that. We're seeing early data with respect to, as I had mentioned, kind of hits to the website, conversations into our patient services organization, which lean us to think that it's positive. We haven't seen a discernible, yet, change with respect to specifically your question, but our judgment is that this takes a little bit of time. It was really first week of October. Obviously script data as we come through the holiday time period, as everybody knows, gets a little bit noisy in Thanksgiving and December. So we are going to look really hard probably 60, 70, 90 days out from now.
Alfred W. Sandrock, Jr. - Executive Vice President, Neurology Discovery & Development Center, Neurodegeneration Therapeutic Area and Chief Medical Officer: Hi, Geoff. This is Al. Well, we have learned a lot from our predecessors, including Lilly and others, and we are employing actually pretty innovative ways of finding where the patients are and where the sites are, and which includes where the PET scans are, because the scanners have to be pretty close to where the ligands are made, and of course the patients have to get there. The other thing we're doing is to screen patients before they need PET scans by using a neuropsychological test battery to make sure that by the time they get to the PET scanner, there's a high likelihood they'll actually have amyloid. And then in terms of early AD, what we mean by early AD are prodromal and the earlier stages of mild Alzheimer's. And in terms of what it means for the marketplace, I do believe that there's going to be a change ultimately in the way the patients are diagnosed early. Perhaps, and certainly before there are functional deficits, but when they have mild cognitive impairment, I believe the healthcare system will set up ways of identifying those patients who need treatment early. And we're working on many of those, too, along with many colleagues outside who are also thinking about the same thing.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Eric Schmidt from Cowen & Company. Your line is open.
Eric Schmidt - Cowen & Co. LLC: Maybe another one for Al. It looks like you're going to be faced with a couple of go/no-go decisions on Phase 3 programs in 2016. I'm thinking specifically for LINGO and for the BACE compound E2609. I'm just kind of wondering what kind of hurdle you've set for yourselves in terms of going forward. And maybe you could also further justify, if the hurdle is going to be kind of the low-end hurdle  I sense that's what you've been signaling to investors  why it makes sense to move forward with two fairly risky programs of lowish-end hurdle.
Alfred W. Sandrock, Jr. - Executive Vice President, Neurology Discovery & Development Center, Neurodegeneration Therapeutic Area and Chief Medical Officer: Well, I wouldn't say that the hurdle's very low. I think what I'm trying to say with LINGO is that this is a Phase 2 trial, and it's pretty novel territory we're on, where not too many people have looked at repair strategies for any neurologic disease, including MS. So I would say that we're going to look at the totality of the data. We're going to combine the clinical outcome measures along with the imaging outcome measures, learn as much as we can, and really decide, does the program deserve a continued investment? And if so, can we go to Phase 3? Are we ready to go to Phase 3? Because in Phase 3, we're going to have to employ outcome measures that everybody agrees  including regulators, obviously, but also the MS community  everybody agrees will provide answers on whether or not the treatment effect is clinically meaningful. And in the case of the BACE inhibitor, the main thing we're going to be looking at is safety, and I don't think it's uncommon  in fact, I think all of our competitors have gone from early-stage safety data right to large registrational trials, and I think there are good reasons for that. We are confident in the pharmacodynamic effect that we see, in that when we look at A beta 42 levels and CSF, we get nice, very strong dose-dependent decreases in A beta 42. So we're not going  I mean, as George said, we want to manage the risk by making sure we have the desired biological effect, and we're pretty confident already that we have that.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Brian Abrahams from Jefferies. Your line is open.
Brian Abrahams - Jefferies LLC: Hi. Thanks for taking my question. Two quick ones. On TYSABRI, it looks like you're seeing stabilization. Wondering if you could talk a little bit about the dynamics you're seeing there amongst patients since the SPMS data was reported? And then for Paul, just curious  you earmarked about $100 million for BD next year  how the sector pullback amongst the smaller biotechs might influence your capital allocation strategy this year. Thanks.
Paul J. Clancy - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Yeah, why don't  I'll try to take the TYSABRI one as well, but Al can chime in here. Thanks, Brian, for the question. Yeah, we did not see a discernible change kind of coming out of the SPMS readout. It may be early; it may not. I think that was to some extent our thesis as well. Patients that are doing very, very well and have an individual experience with TYSABRI that's generally quite positive. With respect to the earmarking for $100 million, it's  we always debate this internally. Should it be more than that? Should it be less? Should we trade it off against R&D dollars? All that type of stuff. But we try to earmark some level of money that obviously is expense money, which has been  we've been a little bit biased that way, with the earlier stage biotechs over the last number of years have had opportunities, right? The IPO window has been open. It's been very open for them to continue on. There's a potential that with the change in the biotech sector, that as we've looked at corporate development, business development type deals, clearly one of the last hurdles to get through is financial valuation. There's a change that that dynamic is changing in favor for us. George will maybe add some comments as well.
George A. Scangos - Chief Executive Officer: Yeah. Look, if you're in a smaller biotech company, and it's pre-commercial, and you have to raise revenue, there are only a couple of ways to do that. And as it gets more difficult and less attractive to raise money from the financial markets, obviously other alternatives become more attractive. And we hope that and we believe that will all move in the favor of companies like us who are out to in-license or acquire additional compounds. So we'll see. It takes a while for that to happen. We'll take the current views of the market to hold for a while or deteriorate further. If that happens, then I believe there'll be interesting opportunities for us.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mark Schoenebaum from Evercore ISI. Your line is open.
Mark J. Schoenebaum - Evercore ISI: Hey, guys. Hey, Paul, Al, George. Thanks for all the transparency after the guidance lowering last year and on the call today. Really appreciate it. I think the Street does, too. Just a couple questions since everyone's breaking the one question rule.
George A. Scangos - Chief Executive Officer: I think you started that trend, Mark.
Mark J. Schoenebaum - Evercore ISI: No, well, I'm like the fifth question. Everyone's asked two. So it's not me. I'm a good boy. On TECFIDERA, Paul, I remember last year  I know you're not providing TECFIDERA guidance for 2016, but I think last year you gave some color on your expectations. I'd be curious to know if you'd be willing to do that this year. And specifically what are you expecting for price and volume in 2016 in the U.S.? Should we be modeling any price, any volume? And then on LINGO, Al, this has come up in prior questions, but just to push you a little bit, when you say separation, should we think of that as common-sense separation on the clinical endpoints would be clinically relevant? Or in that we don't necessarily need statistically a T-value of under 0.05 when you're analyzing the data in order to make a go decision into Phase 3? Thanks a lot.
Paul J. Clancy - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Mark, this is Paul. The only additional  I really don't want to provide anything additional, no comments further. Just  but reinforce what I did say in the prepared remarks. On TECFIDERA, our plan assumes stable demand for TEC in the United States, right? We're looking and aspiring for more, but that's what the plan assumes. And that's really what we've seen for a number of quarters. On the U.S. pricing side, our financial guidance assumes no U.S. prices for TECFIDERA for the remainder of the year.
Alfred W. Sandrock, Jr. - Executive Vice President, Neurology Discovery & Development Center, Neurodegeneration Therapeutic Area and Chief Medical Officer: On LINGO, Mark, we have a trial with about 80 patients per arm. And so it's not  it's a robust trial. But, yeah, I think we're more on the common-sense side, as you put it. We want to know  and we can look at separation in several ways. I mean, we can look for proportion of patients who are improving relative to placebo, and we can look at patients who are slowing  their progression has slowed. So we can look at both ways. And that's sort of what I mean by separation. But I think it's more on the common-sense side. And I tried to indicate that there's a lot of exploratory pieces to this trial, because  and some of these endpoints have really never been employed in any significant way in large trials. So that's what I was trying to say, Mark.
George A. Scangos - Chief Executive Officer: I think, Mark  this is George. The decision on the LINGO trial will be whether or not we have a meaningful clinical impact on endpoints that the regulators would consider approvable endpoints in a Phase 3 trial. All right? And there are many endpoints that we're going to be looking at in the trial, and there could be some combination of them. So we're not going to have a low bar, but it is a Phase 2 exploratory study, and as we look at those endpoints, we'll make decisions. But I wouldn't characterize it as a low bar. I'd characterize it right now as a little bit of an undefined bar until we see the data.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Michael Yee from RBC Capital Markets. Your line is open.
Michael J. Yee - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Thanks for the question. On SMNRx  and I refer to it as that because I can't pronounce your new name  could you just talk a little bit about some of the data you've seen so far? And how you're  some of your commentary has changed around that a little bit to the positive, which is fine, but I guess it always comes down to comparing historical literature, and there's a lot of different things out there. So, Al, can you maybe just talk a little bit about your confidence in the literature and the range of median survival there and what you think is going on here? You previously talked about weight gain, but I haven't really heard about that. So I guess maybe talk a little bit about that and what you're seeing, and I guess why versus historical literature you feel I guess a little bit better.
Alfred W. Sandrock, Jr. - Executive Vice President, Neurology Discovery & Development Center, Neurodegeneration Therapeutic Area and Chief Medical Officer: Yeah. So the main data we're looking at is the Type 1 SMA, or the infantile onset. And, as you know, we're comparing it  we and with our partner Ionis  are comparing it to natural history. And those things are always tricky, because natural history  the care of patients change over time and stuff like that, and you have to sort of find matching patients, patients that are similar to the ones that you looked at in your open-label study. My confidence grows with every passing day because, as you know, these children are supposed to  their median survival is two years. And so we're at the point where many of these babies are getting to that point or going beyond it, and so I think that if they're surviving, our confidence grows. And also  we're also looking at whether or not they're gaining, whether they're making improvements. These children generally don't improve, and they're hitting motor milestones that are not commonly seen in the natural history. So we believe the data are looking promising, but there are caveats to comparison to natural history studies, and we have to be cautious, because everybody, including parents and the whole world, wants to see a cure for these babies. So our bias is certainly leaning toward wanting to see something, and we have to be cautious about that. So the Phase 3 trials are sham-controlled, they're blinded, and I think that's where we believe the definitive data will come from.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Matthew Harrison from Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
Matthew K. Harrison - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Great. Thanks, and good morning, everybody. So I'm going to ask two. One on Alzheimer's  we've recently had a handful of physician feedback that there's a dearth of skilled readers for some of these endpoints in these studies. Can you just talk a little bit about what you're doing to make sure the readers are well-trained, especially given that a small change in the endpoints is likely to demonstrate the benefit of the drug? And then just on LINGO, can you remind us what our expectations should be? I remember in 2015 when you moved out the timelines, you said that a small internal group would be seeing some of the LINGO data ahead of sort of the full analysis, and they'd be planning for Phase 3. Should we expect if you decide to move ahead for Phase 3 you'll be able to talk about that pretty quickly when we see the data? Thanks.
Alfred W. Sandrock, Jr. - Executive Vice President, Neurology Discovery & Development Center, Neurodegeneration Therapeutic Area and Chief Medical Officer: Yeah. Let me get the second question first. I want to be sure that the trial remains fully blinded. Nobody at Biogen has broken the blind and looked at the unblinded data. So that small team  there's no small team looking at any data. And in terms of the AD, there are  it is sort of an art to read PET scans. I don't know if that's what you're referring to, but the readers of these images have to be trained, and we actually employed a quality-control step in a blinded way, where we had somebody in Minnesota, an expert, reviewing every single scan. Moreover, in terms of the cognitive testing, the clinical outcome measures, the main thing we want is consistency over time, and we're doing a lot of the things that we actually do in MS, where we do a lot of training, we have examining neurologists, and we separate them from the neurologists that actually treat the patients for side effects and things. So I think we've employed sort of state-of-the-art methods for collecting these data and hopefully avoided many of the pitfalls.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Chris Raymond from Raymond James. Your line is open.
Christopher Raymond - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Hey, thanks, guys. Just a couple of quick commercial questions. Paul, on TECFIDERA you guys called out the $30 million of inventory during the quarter, and I think Q3 saw $10 million to $15 million, if I recall correctly. So how should we think, I guess, about Q1? Are we talking about $40 million to $45 million that needs to be burned off, or is there some other dynamic there that we should be modeling? And then also on PLEGRIDY, just wondering if you could share any insights on, as the launch has progressed, any change specifically in the source of patients, either from AVONEX or other beta interferons? And I guess I ask this question because some of our checks seem to indicate there's been a shift where PLEGRIDY is taking patients now from other beta interferons versus more from AVONEX early on. I'm just kind of wondering if that's what you're seeing, too, or if there's something else going on there? Thanks.
Paul J. Clancy - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Chris, great questions. It's Paul. TECFIDERA, let me just kind of level-set and just clarify, because you're exactly on it. What we had noted in Q3 is that our estimate at the time was that there was about $10 million to $15 million of build in the SPP, in the specialty pharmacy part of the combined channel. And that was mostly what we believe related to a government purchase related to kind of their fiscal year timing. I think our belief is that that's largely burned through. On a quarter-to-quarter basis within specialty pharmacies, there is sometimes ebbs and flows on inventory levels, and we'll try to do our best to point that out, but we think it's at  and I would think that we may have things like what we had in Q3. But I think that's largely burned through. What we noted in Q4 is actually related to the wholesaler portion of the channel, and on a quarter-over-quarter basis, that there was a little bit of build. So I think as we move into Q1, we're really probably dealing with the $30 million to get to kind of on a sequential quarter basis. We always  just to complete the thought  we always deal with kind of Q4-to-Q1 dynamics that sometimes we don't have great visibility on, the so-called shoebox effect, the change in Q1 with respect to the patients on insurance, and which is related obviously to shoebox. So Q1 oftentimes, in gross to net changes, so discounts and allowances rate goes up in Q1 as well, for us as well as the industry. So we're always  be mindful of that. On PLEGRIDY, it's very interesting. Your checks are probably are consistent with what we're seeing as well. We saw early on, and to some extent it was our marketing strategy early on, was a conversion of AVONEX patients. And we hit some speed bumps along that early on in the launch in the last quarter of 2014 and going into early into 2015. We're starting to see both from what we're trying to do in our marketing strategy, but we're also starting to see the benefits of PLEGRIDY being seen as sourcing volumes from the other interferons. Look, this is a great product vis--vis kind of capturing our, and penetrating and capturing share within that interferon segment of the marketplace. Great question. Thanks, Chris.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Terence Flynn from Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Cameron Bradshaw - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Hi, this is Cameron filling in for Terence. Thanks for taking our question, and congrats on your approval of your ENBREL biosimilar in the EU. I was wondering, is there anything you can share regarding your pricing and commercialization strategy there? Thanks.
George A. Scangos - Chief Executive Officer: Cameron, obviously we're in discussions country by country, but really can't share anything, so no comment on that. We'll try to as we begin to post revenues, to try to provide some commentary.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Matt Roden from UBS. Your line is open.
Matt M. Roden - UBS Securities LLC: Great. Thanks for taking the question, and thanks for delivering a nice quarter and guidance here. I think as a sector we needed some good news. So I had kind of a specific on the BACE inhibitor E2609. The Phase 2 study is in 700 patients, but my understanding is that the data that we'll get on this year's disclosures is just on safety from the initial cohorts, not the whole 700 patients. So can you just clarify what we should expect to see from this disclosure this year and help us understand what exactly you'll be looking for and how this information would pertain to a go/no-go decision? And then lastly just when we'll get initial efficacy findings from this program. Thanks.
Alfred W. Sandrock, Jr. - Executive Vice President, Neurology Discovery & Development Center, Neurodegeneration Therapeutic Area and Chief Medical Officer: Yeah, you're right, Matt, were going to look at the first cohort. And the original plan was that the first cohort would then trigger a second cohort. The main thing we're going to look at is the safety data from the first cohort and also to confirm the pharmacodynamic effect that we saw with our Phase 1 study. So it's really safety and repeat, or confirmation of pharmacodynamic effect in the CSF.
Matt M. Roden - UBS Securities LLC: Okay. And then does that pertain to any go/no-go decision?
Alfred W. Sandrock, Jr. - Executive Vice President, Neurology Discovery & Development Center, Neurodegeneration Therapeutic Area and Chief Medical Officer: Yeah.
Matt M. Roden - UBS Securities LLC: And then when should we expect to see initial efficacy?
Alfred W. Sandrock, Jr. - Executive Vice President, Neurology Discovery & Development Center, Neurodegeneration Therapeutic Area and Chief Medical Officer: Well, with the number of patients in the first cohort, I have low expectations in terms of efficacy, and it will lead to a go/no-go decision to Phase 3.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ying Huang from the Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Your line is open.
Ying Huang - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Hey, good morning. Thanks for taking my questions. Maybe for Al, you mentioned that you should expect the enrollment, a full enrollment of aducanumab Phase 3 similar to the timeline of the other Phase 3 trial. Does that mean we should probably expect 18 to 24 months or potentially even longer for the enrollment be accrued? And then also secondly, I was curious your thought on TYSABRI, because ocrelizumab could be approved probably towards end of this year. We know that about 30% of the JCV-positive patients are all on TYSABRI  I mean, sorry, 30% of TYSABRI patients are JCV-positive. And then there's also a certain level of off-label use from PPMS and SPMS. So if you could provide some thought on that. Thank you.
Alfred W. Sandrock, Jr. - Executive Vice President, Neurology Discovery & Development Center, Neurodegeneration Therapeutic Area and Chief Medical Officer: So in terms of enrollment, I don't want to hazard a guess as to exactly how long it's going to take to enroll patients. I think we're pleased with what we've seen so far, but it's early days. And right now our timelines are assuming the enrollment rate on a patients-per-site basis to what we've seen with other Phase 3 trials. And then in terms of ocrelizumab, it's great to have a new drug for patients, particularly for PPMS patients. I don't think there were a lot of PPMS patients who were on TYSABRI, if that's what you're asking. There probably are some people who have SPMS on TYSABRI, because our label says relapsing forms of MS, and patients with SPMS have relapses in their early stages of SPMS. So it would be on label to be on TYSABRI if you have relapsing SPMS. Now, ocrelizumab I don't think will have a label for SPMS, as far as I understand. I don't recall that they did a trial on SPMS, so I don't see how that would affect the SPMS piece very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Cory Kasimov from JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Cory W. Kasimov - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Hey, good morning, guys, and thank you for taking the questions. I guess first for Paul, on capital allocation, now that you've finished the $5 billion share repurchase program, do you have plans to start another one? I'm just curious how we should be thinking about share count in 2016. And then also, Paul, in your comment with regard to price increases not being assumed in your 2016 guidance, can you just remind us how you've build that into past guidance in prior years? And is this a change that's simply the result of the current pricing environment and controversy? Thanks.
Paul J. Clancy - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Yeah. With respect to  let's kind of start on capital allocation and share repurchases. And you're right, we've exhausted the $5 billion share authorization that was authorized and approved by the board back in the spring of 2015. George and I are in constant contact and constant dialogue and constant discussion about best deployment of capital. I think our thinking right now is a bit focused on strategic deployment, but I would continue to emphasize that we always frame this as one or the other. And it's  over a long period of time, it's appropriately a mix. And I think the cash flow generation of the company remains quite robust such that we can deploy capital in a lot of different ways, all with the objective of increasing intrinsic value per share. So we'll look towards a lot of different means. I mean, I know I'm being a little bit vague and opaque, but I think it's just because that's a little bit where we are right now in thinking through all the dynamics of that. No real comment on the pricing dynamics for the balance of the year. The financial guidance for this year does not assume it.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jim Birchenough from Wells Fargo. Your line is open.
Nick Abbott - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Hi, this is Nick in for Jim this morning. A couple of quick questions. In terms of the remyelination programs, you have the oral remyelination agent BIIB061. Clearly, remyelination is a very complex process. Have you looked at combining that with anti-LINGO? Do you see remyelination as a single-drug opportunity, or do you think it's going to need combination therapy in perhaps some subsets of patients? And if the Ionis SOD1 trial  for these kinds of trials where you're looking at these very rare defined sort of mutations or correction opportunities, do you see the pattern repeating that we saw with nusinersen that you can generate enough compelling data in a Phase 1 trial in affected patients that you can jump into a potentially registration enabling trial? Thanks.
Alfred W. Sandrock, Jr. - Executive Vice President, Neurology Discovery & Development Center, Neurodegeneration Therapeutic Area and Chief Medical Officer: Yeah. Thanks for those questions, Jim. On the remyelination, right now we're thinking of it that we would use one agent for remyelination, based on our preclinical studies. Of course the remyelinating drug would probably be combined with an anti-inflammatory or an immunomodulatory drug, and that's exactly how we're conducting the SYNERGY study of anti-LINGO-1 in MS. We're adding it to interferon. But right now we don't have any plans to combine the two remyelinating drugs that we have in our pipeline. That may change over time, but that's our current plan. And then terms of the Ionis SOD1 Phase 1 trial, yeah, we've done a lot of work  "we" meaning Biogen, also the ALS community  on biomarkers and not only in human studies, because you'll recall that there was a prior antisense study with a less potent antisense in SOD1 patients. And there's been some  a lot of animal work. And we actually have CSF measures that we could employ that we think will predict parenchymal spinal cord SOD1 levels. The whole point of what we're trying to do is to reduce levels of SOD1, because we believe that the mutated forms of SOD1 are toxic. So we have actually validated, we believe, very good measures that we can use to take the program from the current trial to a registrational study.
George A. Scangos - Chief Executive Officer: And this is George. I think that's often the case and the advantage of working on genetically homogeneous diseases, the result of a single gene. So look, I want to thank everybody for your attention this morning and for your interest. We are going to go back to work and do our best to deliver a great 2016 for everyone. So thank you.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2015 Q3  (2015-10-21 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Ben Strain - Associate Director, Investor Relations George Scangos - Chief Executive Officer Alfred Sandrock - Group Senior Vice President and Chief Medical Officer Paul Clancy - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Mark Schoenebaum - Evercore ISI Matthew Harrison - Morgan Stanley Geoff Meacham - Barclays Capital, Inc. Ying Huang - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Eric Thomas Schmidt - Cowen & Co. LLC Terence Flynn - Goldman Sachs & Co. Matthew Roden - UBS Securities LLC Cory Kasimov - JPMorgan Securities LLC Brian Abraham - Jefferies & Co. Christopher Raymond - Raymond James Joseph Schwartz - Leerink Partners Brian Skorney - Robert W. Baird Group Ltd. Thomas Shrader - Stifel Nicolaus Michael Yee - RBC Capital Markets LLC
Operator: Good morning. My name is Chris, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Biogen Third Quarter 2015 Financial Results and Business Update. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. Ben Strain, Investor Relations, you may begin your conference.
Ben Strain: Thank you, and welcome to Biogens third quarter 2015 earnings conference call. Before we begin, I encourage everyone to go to the Investors section of biogen.com to find the press release and related financial tables, including a reconciliation of the GAAP to non-GAAP financial measures that well discuss today. Our GAAP financials are provided in Tables 1 and 2. Table 3 includes a reconciliation of our GAAP to non-GAAP financial results. We believe non-GAAP financial results better represent the ongoing economics of our business and reflect how we manage the business internally. We have also posted slides on our website that follow the discussions related to this call. I would like to point out that we will be making forward-looking statements which are based on our current expectations and beliefs. These statements are subject to certain risks and uncertainties, and our actual results may differ materially. I encourage you to consult our SEC filings for additional detail. On todays call, Im joined by our Chief Executive Officer, Dr. George Scangos; Dr. Alf Sandrock, our Chief Medical Officer; and our CFO, Paul Clancy. Ill now turn the call over to George.
George Scangos: Okay. Thank you, Ben, and good morning, everyone, and thanks for joining us today. Third quarter was marked by significant progress across several key areas. We delivered a 11% revenue growth and 18% non-GAAP EPS growth, as we continue to see modification growth across the portfolio. We have several important developments in our pipeline. We initiated enrollment for our Phase 3 clinical program for aducanumab and Alzheimers disease. We announced Phase 3 results for TYSABRI and secondary progressive MS, which I will cover in more detail later in the call. And we continue to strengthen our pipeline by announcing an agreement to exclusively license MT-1303 for Mitsubishi Tanabe. On the commercial front, we remain committed to improving our commercial trajectory with a particular emphasis on TECFIDERA. Our market research continues to indicate that prescribers believe TECFIDERA has a very strong benefit risk profile. However, patient growth in the U.S. and Germany remains challenging, and were actively working to improve this dynamic. Weve increased sales costs for TECFIDERA, as we continue to educate physicians on TECFIDERAs strong efficacy and favorable safety profile and its label and monitoring requirements. Weve also increased our direct-to-consumer marketing in the U.S., including a recently launched television campaign that some of you may have seen. We also made significant progress on capital allocation. Through yesterday, weve returned approximately $3.9 billion to our shareholders through the repurchase of our common stock. Importantly, Biogen still retains strategic flexibility to support both continued business development and potentially larger scale acquisitions. We remain focused on strengthening and expanding our early stage pipeline through tuck-in acquisitions and collaborations. The strategy that has produced assets, such as TECFIDERA, ELOCTATE, ALPROLIX, aducanumab, Isis-SMNRx and Raxatrigine. Were actively looking for late-stage and commercial assets, which have the potential to add both strategic value and near-term revenue growth, while maintaining financial discipline. Today, we also announced the corporate restructuring that we believe will best position the company to achieve our strategic priorities. This decision to reduce our workforce was extremely difficult and were very thankful for the hard work and contributions of our talented colleagues and friends. As part of our effort to focus on key commercial initiatives and high potential pipeline candidate, weve also made a decision to discontinue several pipeline program that includes TECFIDERA in secondary progressive MS, as well as certain programs in immunology and fibrosis research, including anti-TWEAK. Importantly, we plan to reinvest the savings from this restructuring into key commercial initiatives and a number of prioritized programs across our emerging mid- and late-stage pipeline, including commercial initiatives aimed at increasing sales and marketing therapies, including new direct-to-consumer marketing programs for TECFIDERA, the advancement of aducanumab, BAN2401, and E 2609 for Alzheimers disease, Anti-LINGO for multiple sclerosis, Isis-SMNRx for spinal muscular atrophy, our recently acquired asset from Convergence, Raxatrigine for Trigeminal Neuralgia and other pain indications, and MT-1303 for inflammatory bowel disease and other autoimmune diseases. And with that, Ill turn the call over to Al for an update on R&D.
Alfred Sandrock: Thanks, George. We had important clinical study readouts and good progress advancing a new generation of mid- and late-stage clinical program. This morning, we reported top line results from the Phase 3 ASCEND study for TYSABRI and secondary progressive MS. The objective of the ASCEND was to determine whether TYSABRI had an impact on slowing disability progression unrelated to relapses in patients with SPMS. Most patients that enrolled in ASCEND had non-relapsing SPMS and had EDSS scores of 6.0 to 6.5. ASCEND did not achieve its primary or secondary endpoint, and we do not intend to file for label expansion. We are disappointed in these results, as SPMS is a serious condition with no effective therapies. ASCEND study results did demonstrate that TYSABRI had a robust impact on relapses and MRI measures of disease, consistent with its known clinical profile in relapsing MS. Study results also indicated that TYSABRI had a statistically significant effect on upper limb function measured by the 9-Hole Peg Test, which was a component of the composite primary endpoint. Full study results will be reported at our future medical meeting. Moving onto our other MS development programs, at the ECTRIMS Meeting earlier this month, we represented an additional analysis for renew, a Phase 2 study that evaluated Anti-LINGO in patients with acute optic neuritis, the top line results of which we reported earlier this year. About half the patients in renew underwent multifocal visual evoked potential testing, a method that allows us to record electrical responses produced in the occipital cortex upon stimulation of small segments within the retina. First, we found that Anti-LINGO had an effect on the recovery of the multifocal VEP amplitude recorded by stimulating the eye that was affected by the optic neuritis. Interestingly, we also found that Anti-LINGO treatment preserved the multifocal VEP amplitude, recorded by stimulating the opposite eye, which was seem to be deteriorating in the placebo group, likely due to lesions developing in the visual system, as a result of some of these patients being in the early stages of MS. We believe that these results further support our previously reported findings and provide evidence that Anti-LINGO may have neuroprotective properties. We continue to expect top line results from the Phase 2 synergy study in MS in mid-2016. Turning to ZINBRYTA, The New England Journal of Medicine has just published the results of the ZINBRYTA Phase 3 DECIDE study. In DECIDE, ZINBRYTA demonstrated a compelling 45% improvement in annualized relapse rate compared to interferon therapy. If approved, we believe ZINBRYTA could be an important new therapeutic option for relapsing MS patients. At ECTRIMS, Roche presented positive Phase 3 results in both relapsing and primary progressive MS for ocrelizumab, a product in which we have a business interest. Results from two Phase 3 studies in relapsing MS showed a 46% and 47% reduction in annualized relapse rate compared to interferon therapy. Ocrelizumab also demonstrated a significant role in the treatment of primary progressive MS, a serious neurodegenerative condition for which there are no approved therapies. If approved, it would be wonderful to be able offer these patients a meaningful new therapy. Turning to our hemophilia therapies, ELOCTA, which is the approved European trade name for ELOCTATE, obtained a positive recommendation from the CHMP, as a therapy for hemophilia A. If approved in the EU, ELOCTA would be commercialized there by our collaborators Sobi. At the 2015 National Hemophilia Foundation Meeting, new ALPROLIX data showed a beneficial long-term safety and efficacy profile in patients with hemophilia B. Favorable long-term clinical results for ELOCTATE treatment of patients with hemophilia A were also recently published. Moving to the aducanumab Phase 3 program for patients with early Alzheimers disease, we have initiated clinical sites in both the emerged and engaged studies and the first study subjects have now been enrolled. We are pleased to have received FDA agreement on a special protocol assessment on the aducanumab Phase 3 study protocols. We have previously reported that ARIA or amyloid-related imaging abnormality was the most significant adverse event observed in the aducanumab Phase 1B study. All patients currently enrolling into Phase 3 studies of aducanumab are undergoing dose titrations in an effort to mitigate the risk of ARIA. Preliminary data from the Phase 1B study suggests that dose titrations does seem to reduce the incidence of ARIA, although these findings will need to be confirmed with further study. We continue to obtain additional clinical data from the Phase 1B study, and we anticipate discussing these results at a scientific meeting in the second-half of next year. We have made progress in expanding our development pipeline by acquiring rights to MT-1303, a Phase 3 ready program with potential and multiple autoimmune diseases. At the recent ECTRIMS Meeting, Mitsubishi Tanabe presented compelling results from a 415 patient Phase 2 study in MS. Results demonstrated that MT-1303 did not cause a decrease in heart rate with administration of the first dose, even without dose titration. This characteristic of the molecule may serve to eventually differentiated from other S1P modulators. We anticipate deal completion in the fourth quarter and we intend to initiate Phase 3 studies in inflammatory bowel disease as soon as possible next year. We continue to evaluate potential further development in MS. Progress has also been made with several early-stage programs BIIB061 and oral treatment being developed as a potential reparative therapy for MS has successfully completed Phase 1 studies. We recently initiated a Phase 1 study for BIIB054, a monoclonal antibody targeting -synuclein, which is being developed as a potential disease modifying therapy for Parkinsons disease. The target of BIB-54 -synuclein is a major component of Lewy bodies, a pathologic hallmark of Parkinsons disease. R&D continues to make good progress advancing the next wave of therapies and development candidates. Next year, we anticipate the approval of ZINBRYTA for relapsing MS. We also intend to initiate a number of clinical studies, including a Phase 3 study of MT-1303 in IBD, a Phase 3 study for Raxatrigine for trigeminal neuralgia, as well as a Phase 2 study BIIB61 in MS. Were also looking forward to several upcoming clinical readouts, including Phase 3 results for SMNRx in spinal muscular atrophy, Phase 2 results for Anti-LINGO in MS, and interim phase 2 results for BAN2401 and E2609, both for Alzheimers disease. We look forward to a deeper discussion of these pipeline programs and other initiatives that are upcoming R&D Investor Day on November 3. Ill now pass the call to Paul.
Paul Clancy: Thanks, Al. Our GAAP diluted earnings per share were $4.15 in the third quarter. Our non-GAAP diluted earnings per share were $4.48. Total revenue for Q3 grew a 11% year-over-year to approximately $2.8 billion. Foreign exchange offset by hedging weakened total revenue by approximately $63 million year-over-year. Global third quarter TECFIDERA revenue was $937 million, an increase of 19% versus Q3 of last year, and an increase of 6% versus the prior quarter. Foreign exchange impact offset by hedging weakened TECFIDERA revenue by approximately $12 million year-over-year. This quarters TECFIDERA revenues consisted of $754 million in the U.S. and $183 million outside the U.S. Compared to the second quarter of 2015, U.S. TECFIDERA revenue increased 5%, partially due to an increase in inventory at specialty pharmacies, while U.S. revenue also benefited from a price increase in the quarter, this was partially offset by an increase in managed care and government rebates. In Europe, TECFIDERA had strong sequential patient growth this quarter, driven by newly launched markets, including the U.K., Italy, and Spain. Interferon revenues, including both AVONEX and PLEGRIDY increased 5% year-over-year to $785 million in the third quarter. Foreign exchange impact offset by hedging weakened Interferon revenue by approximately $23 million year-over-year. Interferon revenues were comprised of $538 million in the U.S. and $247 million in sales outside the U.S. On a sequential basis, we believe the 18% increase in U.S. Interferon revenue benefited from a wholesaler inventory rebalancing coming off of the inventory drawdown in Q2, which contributed approximately $40 million. Outside the U.S., AVONEX revenue benefited by approximately $16 million from the timing of shipments in Brazil and a clinical trial order in our rest of world business. TYSABRI continue to add patients this quarter with worldwide revenues of $480 million. These results were comprised of $284 million in the U.S., and $196 million internationally. Foreign exchange impact offset by hedging weakened TYSABRI revenue by approximately $23 million year-over-year. Turning to our hemophilia business, ALPROLIX revenue in Q3 was $66 million and ELOCTATE was $91 million. In the U.S. after a period of rapid uptake for our ALPROLIX with elevated switching in the market, we saw the switch rates start to moderate is roughly half of the moderate and severe hemophilia B patients, treated prophylactically have switched to ALPROLIX. ELOCTATE has continued to grow in the U.S., and we saw increased breadth and depth of prescribing. Approximately 20% of moderate and severe prophylactic patients with hemophilia A have switched to ELOCTATE. Our U.S. profit share for RITUXAN and GAZYVA, as well as our profit-share and royalties on sales of Rituximab outside the U.S. were $337 million. Now, turning to the expense lines in the non-GAAP P&L Q3 cost of goods sold were $310 million, or 11% of revenue. Q3 R&D expense was $520 million, or 19% of revenues. This includes $48 million in upfront and milestone expense related to our recently closed collaboration with AGTC. We made a $60 million milestone payment to Neurimmune this quarter triggered by dosing of the first patient in, in the Phase 3 trials for aducanumab. This payment was an expense and presented within the non-controlling interest line in the P&L. Q3 SG&A expense was $478 million, or 17% of revenue, as we continue to make steps in containing SG&A expenses. Our non-GAAP tax rate was approximately 24% for Q3. This brings us to our non-GAAP diluted earnings per share, which were 448 for the third quarter, an increase of 18% over Q3 2014. While there are number of puts and takes in the quarter, we delivered a very solid quarter with solid results from the United States Interferon business, continued European rollout of TECFIDERA, continued progress in the hemophilia franchise, and meaningful cost control absorbing the AGTC in Neurimmune payments. Let me turn to discuss our progress on returning capital to shareholders. Recall, our Board had authorized the $5 billion share repurchase program in May of this year. Due to lower share price, we put in place a more robust share repurchase plan in late July, effectively expediting the program. Through September 30, weve repurchased approximately 9.7 million shares of our common stock for a cost of approximately $3 billion. And since the end of the quarter, we have purchased an additional 3.2 million shares for approximately $900 million. Our current expectation is to complete the 5 billion share repurchase plan by the end of the year. In conjunction with funding our share repurchase program, we borrowed $6 billion of senior unsecured notes in mid-September. This included maturities of 5, 7, 10 and 30 years. We ended the quarter with approximately $7.8 billion in cash and marketable securities split approximately 60/40 between the U.S. and ex-U.S. Let me now provide additional detail on the corporate restructuring. The restructuring includes the termination of a number of pipeline programs in a 11% reduction in workforce. The reduction was the result of a number of actions, including the consolidation and elimination of certain overlapping groups across the organization in analytical and operational support and in marketing. Resizing portions of the company, where we felt there was excess capacity, including in our manufacturing operation. Resizing our ex-U.S. commercial operation and reductions driven by our de-emphasis of certain activities in immunology and fibrosis research in the termination of certain development programs. We plan to complete the majority of the reduction of the global workforce by the end of 2015. The restructuring is expected to reduce the current annual run rate of operating expenses by approximately $250 million. We expect to incur charge in the range of approximately $85 million to $95 million, primarily in the fourth quarter related to the restructuring. Additionally, were currently in the middle of our financial planning for 2016, and aim toward additional savings in non-labor expenses, with the objective of reducing lower priority fees and services expense. Conversely, on the investment side, as we move into 2016, were excited and plan to invest behind in emerging, mid- and late-stage pipeline, invest in TECFIDERA DTC, and well potentially invest at risk behind prelaunch activities related to the potential commercialization of SMNRx. While we outline our specific 2016 financial guidance in late January, we currently expect upward pressure in R&D and aim for leverage in SG&A. We aim to achieve lower overall expense growth in the top line for 2016. The restructuring will yield risk savings to enhance our operating results for 2016 and beyond, while also providing financial flexibility, as we embark on a number of meaningful pipeline opportunities. Given the restructuring change in capital structure and share repurchase activity this quarter, were updating our full-year 2015 guidance. Let me start with revenues. We now expect revenue growth between 8% and 9%, a modest increase versus prior guidance, reflecting the revenue strength seen this quarter. This guidance assumes modest patient growth in the U.S. for our MS products as a whole for the balance of the year. The revenue outlook also assumes a sequential decrease in Q4, due to the assumption of stable U.S. channel inventory levels for the balance of year in MS, and a reduction in U.S. wholesaler inventory levels for RITUXAN. Non-GAAP full-year R&D expense is expected to be between 19% and 20% of revenue, unchanged from prior guidance. Assuming deal closure, we will book in approximately $60 million expense to R&D in the fourth quarter, relating to our agreement with Mitsubishi Tanabe. Non-GAAP full-year SG&A expense is expected to be approximately 19% to 20% of revenue, a decrease from prior guidance. We do expect to invest in TECFIDERA TV in Q4. We anticipate booking a GAAP charge of approximately $85 million to $95 million, primarily in Q4 related to the restructuring. In conjunction with our recently completed bond offering, we now anticipate additional interest expense of approximately $60 million per quarter. We expect to end the year with approximately $219 million fully diluted shares, and have a full-year weighted average diluted share count of approximately 231 million shares. We anticipate non-GAAP full-year earnings per share results between $16.20 and $16.50. This represents an increase of 17% to 19% year-over-year, and GAAP earnings per share, we expect to be between $14.65 and $14.95. The increase versus prior guidance is due to stronger than anticipated revenues in Q3, taking costs out of the business in the share repurchase activity. Ill turn the call over to George for his closing comments.
George Scangos: Hey, thank you, Paul. This year has been a challenging month for those of us here at Biogen. But I believe that we have a solid business and R&D pipeline with exceptional potential, a thoughtful capital allocation strategy, a well-controlled expense base, and a capable group of people, who can execute against our goals. If we put aside quarterly revenue variations due to fluctuations in inventory levels, FX, or other factors, on a unit basis, weve seen moderate but steady growth in the underlying business. Our pipeline has matured, and I believe that pipeline is more exciting and more promising than it was a year ago. Additional data for aducanumab and Anti-LINGO increased our optimism about both of those compounds. We believe that MT-1303 has real potential in ulcerative colitis and Crohns disease. Raxatrigine had promising data in a controlled Phase 2 trial and will move to Phase 3 trial in trigeminal neuralgia in a Phase 2B trial in sciatica. SMNRx data from the open label Phase 2 trial are encouraging, and were looking forward to the Phase 3 data late next year or early 2017. Additionally, our research has become truly world-class, and were looking forward to giving you a deeper view of what were doing at R&D Day on November 3. In Q3, we began the execution of a thoughtful capital allocation strategy. We issued $6 billion of senior unsecured notes, which allowed us to take advantage of our lowered stock price to return approximately $4 billion to investors through stock buy backs with an additional $1 billion to go. We have been able to reduce our share count substantially, while leaving adequate financial flexibility for strategic acquisitions of compounds and our companies. We continue to consider opportunities within our core areas of expertise, both large and small, and as always, well do so, while being financially disciplined. The restructuring that we announced today was an extremely difficult position, and all of us feel deeply for the affected employees. These people are our friends and colleagues and theyve played a big role in the successes that Biogen has had up until now. Theyre good people, good employees, and it truly saddens us to have to take this action. On behalf of the senior leadership team, I want to express our sincere appreciation for the work that everyone at Biogen has done. Although this action is extremely difficult, its a necessary step in order for us to fulfill our goals as a company. I believe that our mid- and late-stage pipeline is larger and higher quality than it has ever been, aducanumab, SMNRx, Raxatrigine, and MT-1303 either are or soon will be in Phase 3, and were hopeful that LINGO will join them next year. These programs will require substantial investments and we believe that restructuring will allow us to aggressively conduct these programs, while maintaining healthy earnings growth. Next year, we expect to have meaningful clinical data from SMNRx, Anti-LINGO, BAN2401, our base inhibitor E2609, and we hope to gain approval for ZINBRYTA and for two of our bio-similar molecules. So our pipeline has both near-term and longer-term potential to add value to patients and the company. And we need to be able to adequately fund these exciting programs. The restructuring helps us to do so. Before I conclude, I want to take a moment to acknowledge Tony Kingsleys contributions to Biogen. Tony joined Biogen over five years ago and was instrumental in leading the successful introduction of several important new therapies that help serve patients around the world. I want to publicly thank Tony for all that he has done and wish him all the best in his next endeavor. Tony built an extremely capable team, and I believe that we have the people and programs in place to maximize the potential of our commercial portfolio. In the interim, leadership of this group will be assumed by John Cox, EVP of Pharmaceutical Operations and Technology. John has been with Biogen for over 12 years, has a good understanding of all aspects of our business, and I believe that we will  he will effectively lead this group. So as we move forward, were starting from a good base and well focus on five key goals. One, maximize the potential of our commercial portfolio; two, aggressively advance our mid- and late-stage clinical programs to get them gone on or ahead of schedule; three, continue our emphasis on world-class science and medicine; four, carefully control our costs; and five, pursue nonorganic growth opportunities. Were energized by the potential that we have to transform the lives of patients around the world, and by doing so to do right by our shareholders. I cant promise you success in everything that we do, but I can promise you our commitment and dedication. And with that, well now open up the call for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] The first question is from Mark Schoenebaum with Evercore ISI. Your line is open.
Mark Schoenebaum: Once again thanks for all the transparency that has been the hallmark of Pauls tenure as CFO, and George as CFO, and your IR team has done a great job too. I had some questions on the pipeline for Al, if I may. Al, when will we actually see data from the some of the titration doses on the antibodies, most importantly the titration to the 10 milligram data please? And number two, youve talked about this before, but I think, its time that we all start talking about again and just want to get your take. The optic neuritis data that you looked at is kind of you had to really squint to see activity. And so Wall Street expectations right now are extremely low for LINGO and MS. I mean, do you view LINGO and MS as a low probability trial, or is this one that you have a higher degree of confidence in? Thank you.
Alfred Sandrock: So, thanks, Mark. On the first question, we expect to show results in the second-half of the year. We actually have two places  oh, next year, yes. The  theres two places where were doing titration. One is that we  when we put people from placebo in the prime study, in our Phase 1B study over into the long-term extension that was the titration phase. And second, in cohorts eight to nine in the prime study, titration was built into the  into that study. So there are these two studies essentially to analyze and its going to take us a little time of time particularly to get to the 10 milligram, which is what youre interested in, and will be the second-half of next year. In terms of the Anti-LINGO, I mean, look, its high risk. I mean, nobody has ever even attempted really that I know to repair the central nervous system, and its a tall order. On the other hand, we think we have proof of biology based on the optic neuritis study. We believe that the results portend that were getting the biology we want. The key question for me is, is that biology going to lead to a clinically meaningful effect? And thats what were hoping to see in the MS trial.
Operator: The next question is from Matthew Harrison with Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
Matthew Harrison: Great, thanks. Definitely a lot of questions to ask, maybe just another one for Al. Maybe just specifically on SPMS. Could you  its unclear to me from the press release, it sounded like what you were trying to say was, you saw some impact in patients that had active lesions and you saw no impact in patients that didnt. Can you maybe just confirm if that was what you were trying to say, and if there was any numerical trend outside of patients without active lesions?
Alfred Sandrock: Well, I mean, what we are saying is that, its true that there was a minority of patients, that were still relapsing in the trial, and thats why we were able to show a robust effect on relapse rate. Those are what I would call active from the inflammatory point of view. And that  there clearly was  we saw what we had seen in the past an inflammatory disease with TYSABRI. In the non-inflammatory group, which was, I think, the majority of patients, we think, we see something in the upper extremity. However, we did not see an effect on the other two components of the primary endpoint, which was the EDSS and the Timed 25-Foot Walk. And so we were disappointed in the fact that, we didnt see an effect on ambulation. And so I think thats the reason why the primary endpoint was negative. I would say that upper extremity function is important in patients, particularly if their ambulation is starting to get lost. So thats why were going to present these results next year at the Scientific Meeting.
Operator: The next question is from Geoff Meacham with Barclays. Your line is open.
Geoff Meacham - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Morning, guys. Thanks for all the detail today and congrats on the quarter. Switch gears to ask a couple of questions on commercial for TECFIDERA and then DTC campaign. What population MS patients do you get or do you expect to get that you couldnt reach previously? And maybe can you speak to the breadth and length of time that youll be doing the PCR reach just thinking from a cost perspective? Thanks.
Paul Clancy: Yes, thanks, Geoff. This is Paul, Ill take a crack at that  at that question. We essentially started in the first week and some of you may have seen the TV campaign, I think, the current thinking now is, well look hard at measuring this thing along the way. But I think the current thinking now is well into 2016. And our planning that were doing now is to effectively have it ongoing throughout the majority of 2016. I think the overall objective isnt that similar to the  what we saw early on in the launch is that, TECFIDERA when it came early on the launch, expanded the market, activated new patients, many of them that had gotten injection fatigue on the sidelines. And I think the thinking here is to activate those patients, activating a whole set of patients through patient awareness, which we do have some data that actually suggests that, its a relatively low level of patient awareness, sorry, said another way, at least, that theres a big opportunity in driving patient awareness. And we also have data that suggests that when a patient comes to a doctor, particularly in the United States with a preferred therapy that is often the therapy that the patient goes on. So thats kind of a bit of a core thesis, and we look forward to kind of moving forward with it.
Operator: The next question is from Ying Huang with Bank of America. Your line is open.
Ying Huang: Good morning. Thanks for taking my question. First one I have a housekeeping question. Can you spell out the TECFIDERA U.S. inventory impact exactly? And then also maybe for Al, whats your consideration behind the decision to proceed for MS indication for MT-1303? Is that conditional on the readout from LINGO, or the other programs in MS programs. And lastly, can you update on the timing for the antibody BAN2401 and also the base emitter E2609 in second-half? Thank you.
George Scangos: All right. I think, Ill take the first of your four questions, Ying. So thats a pretty easy one. What our best estimate on the essentially the tailwind we had on TECFIDERA inventory in SPP this quarter was about $10 million to $15 million. Al?
Alfred Sandrock: So, on 1303 and MS, theres a number of option for that, and were looking at all of them. And well, first, we have to wait for this deal to close. But in the meantime, were considering a number of options. In terms of the other Alzheimers program BAN and the base inhibitor, I think the best thing to do, wed ask a sigh actually what their timelines are. My understanding is that sometime next year, well see some data from the base inhibitor. And in terms of the BAN, I mean, theres sort of interim analysis that are based on events or numbers of people randomized I believe. So thats my understanding. But I think we could see something next year as well.
Operator: The next question is from Eric Schmidt with Cowen & Company. Your line is open.
Eric Thomas Schmidt: Thanks for taking my question. It sounds like you guys spoke a little bit more about SMNRx on this call than in the past. I think I actually heard Paul say something about commercial preparation or potential, of course, preparation next year. Has your optimism around the program changed? And is there a chance for filing prior to the Phase 3 data?
Alfred Sandrock: Well, weve been fairly optimistic  Ive been fairly optimistic for quite sometime, and with every passing day, as we look at the open label of the data from the Phase 1 studies, my optimism remains. And but I still think that were going to need data from the Phase 3 program. I mean, these are the definitive controlled clinical trials, and I would not want to raise any expectations that we could do anything without looking at that data.
Paul Clancy: And then, Eric, this is Paul, just to kind of, the other part of your question was commercial preparedness. We would characterize this, as I mentioned that, this would be at risk commercial prelaunch activity, and its a specialty market. So I think its in a manageable amount of money, but we would likely look towards doing that sometime in 2016.
Operator: The next question is from Terence Flynn with Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Terence Flynn: Hi. Thanks for taking the questions. Maybe just two from me. Paul, you gave us some of the drivers for next year spend and recognized you dont want to give guidance at this point, because youre in the midst of planning. But net-net, as you think about just OpEx, can you comment directionally if we should think about it up or down versus this year? And then the second question I had relates to ocrelizumab, now that weve seen the full Phase 3 data. Al, just wondering if you can frame for us, how you think about this as a competitive threat to either TECFIDERA and/or TYSABRI? Thanks.
George Scangos: Yes, Terence, its hard for me, I think, were obviously right in the middle of planning. So we did want to provide some context, given weve got all these moving pieces coming out of the restructuring right now. But I think it goes back to it likely is operating expenses that are up. It is likely a very manageable number up. I dont want to give a specific number until we really get kind of to the end of year call and the 2016 guidance call. But the restructuring provides real benefits in the magnitude what we announced today of $250 million. Were going to  were working now, that is very much about head count reduction in some of the program decisions. Were working now to  during our planning process to look at fees and services, what we call external expenses as well and put it under similar type of lens. And then were very happy that we simultaneously on the flipside of all these great opportunities is the mid- and late-stage pipeline starts to mature. So I think were attacking the efficiencies and working towards investing wisely towards driving sustainable growth for the future. And what were trying to do is essentially make that all work as George had mentioned towards getting some earnings leverage as well.
Alfred Sandrock: On ocrelizumab, first of all, I think, Roche did a very nice job of the Phase 3 program in both relapsing MS and PPMS. I do think, I believe it will if approved will be a major contribution from MS patients,, which is good. The  on the efficacy side, it did lineup with our expectations. Its pretty similar in many ways to whats already been shown in the Phase 2 program for not only ocrelizumab, but RITUXAN. And so its in line with our expectations. As with any program, theres always some safety issues. And well see how the label shapes up in terms of the benefit risk, and then that will determine, how it relates to other products in the market.
Operator: The next question is from Matt Roden with UBS. Your line is open.
Matthew Roden: Great. Thanks very much for taking the question, and congrats on a nice bounce back quarter here. So one of the biggest questions Ive gotten in the last quarter or couple of months here has been industry-wide just on drug pricing and the contribution of pricing and volumes to growth. And obviously, this has been industry-wide, but you guys have been included as part of that discussion. So, George, or Paul, can you just add some perspective to this debate from your point of view, it seems like industry isnt really stepping up and telling their side of the story. And then more specifically, if you can comment on how you expect the net pricing environment to evolve in MS. How you see the relative contributions of pricing and volumes on a forward-looking business? Thanks.
George Scangos: Okay. This is George. I can take the first part of that question. Look, obviously, there has been a lot of rhetoric about drug pricing recently, part of that is the presidential campaign. I dont expect that rhetoric to go away anytime soon. I think the industry is preparing a thoughtful presentation of a different perspective on drug prices, and the value that we bring to patients [indiscernible]. And  look, I mean, thats what everybody says, but its true. In the end, things are going to be priced according to the value that they bring to patients. And if I  we  I believe that if we bring forward innovative drugs that make a difference in the lives of patients that those will continue to get attractive pricing. And thats why were working on the kinds of drugs that were working aducanumab and SMNRx and LINGO for MS. Those potentially can make a magnitude of difference that will continue to justify good reimbursement even in a tough pricing environment. So I think thats how were thinking about it generally. In terms of gross to net, Ill let Paul take that part of the question.
Paul Clancy: Yes, I mean, hi, Matt, I think, we dont have too many different comments than weve had in the past in terms of the near-term dynamics. We obviously weve talked about how United States and Europe dynamics are slightly different. We see a similar dynamics, as we have in the past, and well continue to be very, very thoughtful on what is a critical judgment.
Operator: The next question is from Cory Kasimov, JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Cory Kasimov: Hey, good morning, guys. Thanks for taking the questions. George, you mentioned in your scripted comments that you continue to actively look for late-stage or commercial assets. So when thinking about business development in the context of your existing commercial franchising and clinical pipeline, what do you consider the sweet spot in terms of the size of potential deals? And does the restructuring you announced today in anyway impact your willingness to engage in the M&A? Thanks.
George Scangos: Sure. Look, we are constantly looking for interesting opportunities that are consistent with our strategy that are in our areas of expertise. I would say there is no sweet spot, its a question of value of what you get for what you pay. And weve been financially disciplined in the past. I think, we brought in some attractive assets MT-1303 and Raxatrigine in the past several months. I think, those are very interesting compounds. We will continue to look for compounds like that that we believe are high-quality compounds with reasonable chances of success and making a difference on the marketplace that we can acquire at  also make sense for us. So were looking at some small things, were looking at some large things. And theres not so much question of the size, but as of making solid, strategic, medical, and financial decisions.
Operator: The next question is from Brian Abraham with Jefferies. Your line is open.
Brian Abraham: Hi. Thanks very much for taking my questions. Two questions for 1303 you talked about heart rate changes. Can you just talk about any other elements of the compounds profile that you found most attractive? And what you believe differentiates that drug from the other market and developments S1Ps with respect to sell activity in bio-distribution? And then secondly, what proportion of the use of TYSABRI and your other MS therapy today is in primary progressive MS? Thanks.
George Scangos: On 1303, we were  first of all the  on the efficacy side, we felt that the efficacy was similar to all the  to the other S1P1 modulators, and certainly when you look across the MS trials, and even when you look across, say, psoriasis. The most attractive thing was the fact that Mitsubishi Tanabe with their expertise figured out a way to  its not simply taking out the S1P3 activity, because a lot of people have done that. But there are other characteristics of the molecule that needed to have a  we think an interesting effect on the heart rate, which we believe is one of the key issues associated with first dose administration. And so it was that, that was attractive. On TYSABRI, I dont think TYSABRI is used very much in PPMS. In fact, there are no effective therapies for PPMS. And I think Im pretty  I dont think that any of the immunomodulatory therapies are used very much at all and PPMS is my understanding.
Operator: The next question is from Chris Raymond with Raymond James. Your line is open.
Christopher Raymond: Thanks, guys. I just have a couple of quick questions here. First on TECFIDERA, thanks for quantifying that inventory impact. But Im just kind of curious, you guys had a mid-quarter price increase oftentimes thats  that can be seen as a driver for wholesaler inventory moves. Can you just clarify maybe some of the drivers for the inventory increase? And then on BAN2401, besides identifying a dose, can you talk a little bit about what kind of  what success might look like here, I know this trial could be as few as 350 patients, but as many as 800, I believe. And so, theres a lot of sort of differences with this trial, youve got a different sort of cognition endpoints et cetera. I guess, just basically talk about how we should be success with that? Thanks.
Alfred Sandrock: Chris, Ill start with the TECFIDERA inventory question and whether or not, it was driven by pricing, we dont believe so. Our best understanding is actually the driver of the increase on inventory in the specialty channels was more driven by some government purchases, that really actually potentially relate to fiscal year for certain government institutions. So that wasnt  as I noted, it wasnt a lot $10 million or $15 million, so thats our best understanding at this point.
George Scangos: On BAN, I think, therell be several endpoints. One is that therell be  well be looking at amyloid plaque load  amyloid plaque burden, which I think is important. And there is an examination of cognition using a composite endpoint, which includes things like the CDR sum-of-boxes. And the number, my understanding of the interim analysis or these analysis is based on a number of patients randomized. And so  but, again, I think, any detailed questions on that, I would rather that you ask [indiscernible]
Operator: The next question is from Joseph Schwartz with Leerink Partners. Your line is open.
Joseph Schwartz: Thanks very much. I was wondering if you could talk a little more about aducanumab and particular, it seems like youre shifting your strategy by targeting even more mild patients, or earlier-stage patients in Phase 3. How should we think about this in terms of the enrollment rate and probability of success in the market opportunity? And are you building in a interim analysis here? Thanks very much.
Alfred Sandrock: Yes. Well, we are targeting prodromal and the milder sort of segment of the mild populations based on an EDSS, I mean, sorry, MMSE cut off. And thats because our belief is that the drug  these drugs will work better in the earlier stages of the disease. And in terms of enrollment, were pretty encouraged by what we see in early days. Theres a lot of excitement about our drug, and our enrollment line rates are in line or slightly ahead of what we anticipated. So far its still early days on the enrollment, and theres a lot of competition for similar types of patients, nevertheless, were encouraged by what we see and
George Scangos: And baked on accrual?
Alfred Sandrock: Well, I just, yes, I think I answered the phone question.
Operator: The next question is from Brian Skorney with Robert Baird. Your line is open.
Brian Skorney: Hi, guys thanks, for taking my question. I guess I was just wondering if you could provide any commentary on in the U.S. MS market. How are you seeing any impact of generic CapEx on October. Are we seeing this primarily impacting the brand right now, or do you think theres been any impact on your MS franchise. And just real quick on ocrelizumab. Could you just recall that the thresholds on the economics, that youre getting from Roche on worldwide sales of this program. Thanks.
Paul Clancy: Brian, thanks for the question, its Paul. Let me try to take both those in the  with respect its relatively early I think we could say the same thing on the last call, so its 90 days more than, it was relatively early last call. But were seeing mostly exactly as you had alluded to the impact of a generic comp on comp. So and were certainly keeping a very watchful eye on that. Ocrelizumab economics to us are 13.5% to 24% royalty rate its a tiered royalty rate on net effectively net sales was a formula for it. We act interesting, we also, which I dont think weve shared in the past we gave 3% royalty on ex-US sales, as well. So as Al, had alluded too in his prepared remarks, and weve got a business interest in this. There could be impact on our existing therapies, but we do see this as very interesting financial interest, and certainly in primary progressive MS where there is a tremendous unmet need. There is a real opportunity as well a financial opportunity for us as well.
Operator: The next question is from Tom Shrader with Stifel. Your line is open.
Thomas Shrader: Good morning, you didnt actually answer the interim look question for aducanumab. But Im a little curious, if this gigantic trial going on with to looks at other drugs. So how do you think about that?
George Scangos: I knew there was a second part of that question. I think we missed the market opportunity as well. So I  we I dont think its great practice to be talking about interim looks and were not really planning on anything like that for aducanumab, I think we have a robustly designed trial its at the right duration. And so well go right to the end.
Operator: The next question is for Michael Yee with RBC Capital Markets. Your line is open.
Michael Yee: Thanks, for the question. On commercial question for Paul, on TECFIDERA you had suggested I guess in the last call, that you really thought things were going to be flattish, I didnt really sort of hear certainly that tone here and thought a bunch of positive things, but maybe like it start to creep up on the volume side.  So two-part question one is are you seeing volumes creep up a little bit just trying to understand whats going on near-term and as to the end of the year. And then second part on one rebating the managed care you mentioned increases in rebating, so just maybe explain a little about whats going on there as it relates to TECFIDERA volumes and net price. Thanks.
Alfred Sandrock: Yes, no thanks, thanks Michael, its actually helpful the point of clarification. So we actually are to a large extent what we outlined in the middle of year is, that were aspiring for much more. But we outlined on relatively flat patient demand in the United States, that is actually what we witnessed in Q3. We definitely saw continued solid growth in a number of the launch countries in Europe, U.K., Spain, Italy theyve had very, very good performance. But Id characterize that that is a launch countries, I think we still absolutely aspire towards much better performance in the United States, there continues to be a lot of big homework in. But until we see that result turnaround we wont really incorporated in our near-term financial outlook. The action plans, that we have under it is absolutely a priority number one, number in terms of our commercial efforts the action plans we have underway include DTC activity they include enhanced patient support around tolerability, and working that. Were focused hard on in our own patient services when working with SBPs of getting patients on therapy, that what we call cycle time. And were certainly very focused on increasing sales for details across the world, but certainly in the United States. So we aspire towards, but we havent yet actually seen it as George, had noted in his remarks as well.
Operator: The next question is from Geoff Meacham with Barclays. Your line is open.
Geoff Meacham - Barclays Capital: Hi, guys, thanks for taking the follow-up. I guess theres question for Paul. In the past you guys have given parameters around the level of the old licensing activity. Just want to kind of get a sense, Im assuming that tuck-in probably means in line with what you guys have done in the past and want to get that perspective from you. And then maybe how you would prioritize capital allocation with the stock where it is now versus buybacks with the stock where it is today versus deal activity. Thanks.
Paul Clancy: Yes, its a yes its a tough question I mean look I think were going to try to have our P&L in a way set up, that we can not have internal friction to do the classic tuck-in type deals thats how weve done it over the last couple of years within. At this point for the fourth quarter its essentially the Mitsubishi Tanabe expense, that we expect assuming HSR Clarence. Well try to allow ourselves that the normal type as we go into 2016. In terms of capital allocation, we certainly dont want to be opaque, but I think this is in the category of it depends. We definitely aim towards all of our decisions on capital allocations is about driving intrinsic value, shareholder value creation. So when we see great opportunities in terms of doing that for returning capital to shareholders through share repurchases well execute against that, weve certainly shown that action over the last 60 days. And as George had mentioned, we feel we have an absolute obligation to build the business in a financial disciplined ways with larger deployments, if we can achieve that.
George Scangos: Yes, and this is George. Look, if you look out into next year, well have four compounds in Phase 3, thats not four Phase 3 trial its more than four trials, but its for Phase 3 programs. And were hopeful if LINGO has data next year that justify moving that forward that will be a fit and we certainly want to leave capacity to move LINGO forward through the Phase 2 data justifying doing so. So I think anything that we would look to in-license that would go immediately into Phase 3, wed have to cross a pretty high hurdle right. We will, but were continuing to look for compounds at all stages I think and at this point with particular emphasis on their earlier pipeline.
Operator: There are no further questions at this time. We will turn the call back over to our presenters.
A - Alfred Sandrock: Okay. Well, that was a lot to digest. Thank you all for your attention today, we have a lot going on here. And well keep you posted as we go forward. Thanks.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes todays conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2015 Q2  (2015-07-24 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Carlo Tanzi - Director-Investor Relations George A. Scangos, Ph.D. - Chief Executive Officer & Director Douglas E. Williams - Executive Vice President-Research & Development Stuart Anthony Kingsley - Executive VP-Global Commercial Operations Paul J. Clancy - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President Alfred W. Sandrock Jr., M.D., Ph.D. - Group Senior Vice President, Chief Medical Officer
Analysts: Geoffrey Craig Porges - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC Michael J. Yee - RBC Capital Markets LLC Mark J. Schoenebaum - Evercore ISI Ying Huang - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Matthew M. Roden - UBS Securities LLC Terence C. Flynn - Goldman Sachs & Co. Matthew K. Harrison - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Eric Thomas Schmidt - Cowen & Co. LLC Robyn Karnauskas - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. Geoffrey Meacham - Barclays Capital, Inc. Cory W. Kasimov - JPMorgan Securities LLC
Operator: Good morning. My name is Chris, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Biogen second quarter 2015 earnings conference call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. Thank you. Carlo Tanzi, Director of Investor Relations, you may begin your conference.
Carlo Tanzi - Director-Investor Relations: Thank you and welcome to Biogen's second quarter 2015 earnings conference call. Before we begin, I encourage everyone to go to the Investors section of biogen.com to find the press release and related financial tables, including a reconciliation of the non-GAAP financial measures that we'll discuss today. Our GAAP financials are provided on Tables 1 and 2. Table 3 includes a reconciliation of our GAAP to non-GAAP financial results. We believe non-GAAP financial results better represent the ongoing economics of our business and reflect how we manage the business internally. We have also posted slides on our website that follow the discussions related to this call. I would like to point out that we will be making forward-looking statements which are based on our current expectations and beliefs. These statements are subject to certain risks and uncertainties, and our actual results may differ materially. I encourage you to consult our SEC filings for additional detail. On today's call, I'm joined by our Chief Executive Officer, Dr. George Scangos; Dr. Doug Williams, EVP of Research and Development; Tony Kingsley, EVP of Global Commercial Operations; and our CFO, Paul Clancy. We'll also be joined for the Q&A portion of the call by our Chief Medical Officer, Dr. Al Sandrock. Now, I'll turn the call over to George.
George A. Scangos, Ph.D. - Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thank you, Carlo. Good morning, everyone, and thanks for joining us today. There are two sets of data on which most of you have been focused, so let me lead with those issues. First is the commercial trajectory. So versus prior year, we achieved 7% revenue growth and 21% non-GAAP EPS growth, good numbers but certainly lower than we had anticipated a few months ago. We had expected to see a reacceleration of TECFIDERA this quarter, but that did not happen to any appreciable extent. Rather, TECFIDERA experienced modest sequential patient growth as we continued to work through the same commercial challenges experienced in the first quarter of the year. We continue to believe that TECFIDERA remains the preferred oral option in the MS market based on its strong efficacy and favorable safety profile. And we're working hard across the organization to improve TECFIDERA's trajectory. With that said, our multiple sclerosis portfolio continues to add patients globally. TECFIDERA is the most prescribed oral MS therapy globally, and has now been used to treat over 155,000 patients. We believe that PLEGRIDY is on its way to becoming the interferon of choice, as we continue to make it available in new markets around the world. And TYSABRI, which we believe is viewed as the preferred high-efficacy therapy, continued to add patients this quarter. Second, development with the recent announcement of the new data from aducanumab Phase 1b study at AAIC [Alzheimer's Association International Conference]; by now, you've all seen the data, which we take to be positive, in line with, and supportive of the data we reported earlier. Doug will provide some additional details on this analysis later on the call. We've initiated sites for two pivotal Phase 3 trials for aducanumab in early Alzheimer's disease and are screening patients for enrollment. Millions of people worldwide are living with Alzheimer's disease and no disease modifying treatment options. We believe that this important investment has the potential to be a significant future growth driver for Biogen. Moving on to other areas, through our joint venture with Samsung Bioepis, we announced positive results across our anti-TNF biosimilar portfolio at the EULAR [European League Against Rheumatism] conference in June. With these results, we believe that we're well positioned to bring these widely used anti-TNF therapies to physicians, payers, and ultimately the patients who need them most next year. Just this month, we announced our intent to build a new next-generation manufacturing facility in Solothurn, Switzerland to support our emerging pipeline, a significant step towards ensuring a long-term global supply of new world-class therapies for patients. We expect to break ground on the facility early next year and start manufacturing activities in 2019. So we had a busy second quarter with an important second half of the year ahead of us, in which we'll focus on improving the trajectory of TECFIDERA and ensuring that we execute important clinical trials to move our pipeline forward as quickly as possible. Now I'd like turn the call over to Doug, who will update you all on our progress in R&D.
Douglas E. Williams - Executive Vice President-Research & Development: Thanks, George. Earlier this week at the Alzheimer's Association International Conference, we presented additional interim results from the aducanumab Phase 1b study in subjects with prodromal and mild Alzheimer's disease. To remind you, we previously presented results for the 1 mg/kg, 3 mg/kg, and 10 mg/kg patient cohorts at six months and one year, and for the 6 mg/kg cohort at six months. The new results now include one-year data for 30 subjects treated with 6 mg/kg of aducanumab and for an additional ten subjects randomized to placebo. The 6 mg/kg one-year results demonstrated a statically significant reduction on brain beta amyloid levels versus placebo, as assessed by PET imaging. The results at six months and one year show very strong dose and time-dependent reduction of brain beta amyloid and extend our previously reported observations. We observed a numeric improvement on the MMSE and CDR sum-of-box clinical measures compared to placebo, though the results did not achieve statistical significance. The 6 mg/kg dose at one year was intermediate in effect to that seen with the 3 mg/kg and 10 mg/kg doses on the CDR score, which will be the primary endpoint for the Phase 3 program. The safety results were consistent with previously reported results. Overall analysis of the 1 mg/kg, 3 mg/kg, 6 mg/kg, and 10 mg/kg clinical results at one year demonstrated a statistically significant dose-dependent impact on MMSE and CDR sum of boxes compared to placebo. Additional analyses demonstrated strong positive correlations between reduction in beta amyloid levels in both CDR and MMSE scores. We believe that the totality of the aducanumab Phase 1b study results strongly support development and registrational studies. Based on feedback from regulatory agencies, we've recently finalized the aducanumab Phase 3 study design. The Phase 3 program includes two identically designed placebo-controlled studies, referred to as ENGAGE and EMERGE. Each study is expected to include 1,350 subjects with early Alzheimer's disease. Study subjects will be screened by PET amyloid imaging to confirm elevated beta amyloid plaque levels in the brain. The primary endpoint will be CDR sum of boxes, a clinical measure including both cognitive and functional components measured at 18 months. In each Phase 3 study, APOE4 non-carriers will be randomized to receive 6 mg/kg, 10 mg/kg, or placebo, while APOE4 carriers will receive 3 mg/kg, 6 mg/kg, or placebo. Study dosing will include an up-titration period in an effort to reduce ARIA and maximize aducanumab's benefit/risk profile. The Phase 3 program will be conducted globally and is planned to include more than 300 sites. Good progress has been made in operationalizing the studies, and initial investigational clinical sites for ENGAGE and EMERGE are now active and screening patients. Moving on to our other programs, I'm pleased to mention that the European Medicines Agency has accepted the marketing application of ALPROLIX for the treatment of hemophilia B, signifying the initiation of the review process. Last week our partner, Sobi, exercised its opt-in right for ALPROLIX to assume final development and commercialization in certain territories, including Europe. Our collaborator, Isis Pharmaceuticals, recently presented additional results from the ongoing Phase 2 studies evaluating SMNRx in infants and children with spinal muscular atrophy. We believe the available data are increasingly supportive of SMNRx having a therapeutic effect. Two Phase 3 studies for SMNRx are active, with enrollment currently ongoing. We recently obtained Phase 2 study results for NEUBLASTIN in moderate to severe sciatica. The clinical results observed did not achieve our target product profile. And while we've made the decision to terminate this program developing new therapies (9:32) for pain remains an area of focus for Biogen. We've made good progress advancing development plans of our Nav 1.7 inhibitor acquired from Convergence, and we expect to begin enrolling patients into a Phase 3 study in trigeminal neuralgia next year. We've also obtained Phase 2 study results for TYSABRI in acute ischemic stroke. Study results did not demonstrate an impact on the change in infarct volume, the primary endpoint of the study. However, secondary and exploratory endpoints, including the Modified Rankin Scale evaluating stroke recovery, suggest that TYSABRI may have had a beneficial impact on the functional deficits experienced by stroke patients. We believe that the benefit observed, if confirmed, would be clinically meaningful. We're evaluating additional study designs to pursue development of TYSABRI in stroke. Earlier this month, we announced a collaboration with AGTC to develop gene therapies in ophthalmology. The collaboration is focused on adeno-associated virus-based gene therapy, with the goal of developing one-time transformative treatments for XLRS and XLRP. Expansion of our pipeline into these orphan ophthalmic indication represents a natural extension of Biogen's focus in neurology. Furthermore, through this collaboration, we've further bolstered Biogen's capability to utilize gene therapy as a therapeutic approach. Before I turn the call over to Tony, I want to say that, as many of you know, this will be my last earnings call for Biogen. I'll be leaving the company at the end of next week to take on the role of CEO of a new startup company. During the last four and a half years at Biogen, I've had the opportunity to work with many extraordinary people, and the company has been transformed in many ways. We've strengthened the pipeline and put a strong emphasis on discovery science excellence, which will pay off over the coming years. The R&D team is in very capable hands with Al and Spyros, and the company is performing extraordinary science in the labs and in the clinic under their guidance. I'd like to thank George and my colleagues at Biogen for giving me such a great opportunity, and I look forward to many more successes for the company. With that, I'll turn the call over to Tony.
Stuart Anthony Kingsley - Executive VP-Global Commercial Operations: Thanks, Doug. Our basic strategy in MS remains the same, to position TECFIDERA as the standard of care in the marketplace, to establish PLEGRIDY at the interferon of choice, and to leverage TYSABRI as the leading high-efficacy agent. In light of continued headwinds affecting TECFIDERA, we saw moderated patient growth for our MS portfolio as a whole this quarter. Our 2015 business plan for TECFIDERA made two important assumptions: first, that TECFIDERA would continue to stimulate higher than historical market growth in switch rates as it drives the market from injectables to orals; and second, that TECFIDERA, with what we believe is a strong all-in profile, would continue to capture a high rate of both new starts and switches. Through the second quarter, both of these were weaker than planned, particularly in the more mature and larger markets of the U.S. and Germany. In the U.S., total market growth and switch rates remained lower than our original expectations and appear to have returned to historical averages typically seen in the market before the launch of TECFIDERA. We believe the safety event reported in late 2014 is creating greater caution on the part of both physicians and patients about switching to orals. Our U.S. market research indicates a moderation in physician intent to prescribe, though in Q2 TECFIDERA continued to gain patients in the U.S. We believe our promotional and educational efforts are strong and well resourced. In the U.S., we remain focused on emphasizing TECFIDERA's strong efficacy profile while ensuring physicians and patients are educated on proper monitoring requirements for lymphopenia, and we believe we are making progress. We have recently increased our share of voice across print and digital media to increase patient awareness and have also ramped up TECFIDERA sales calls by our field teams. In more mature markets in Europe such as Germany, TECFIDERA has faced similar dynamics as in the U.S. On a patient basis, this has been offset by robust uptake in newly launched markets such as the UK, Italy, and Spain, where the launch curves to date have mimicked prior experience of very rapid uptake. For example, in the UK where full reimbursement funding really came into place around the turn of the year, we believe the uptake curve through June has actually exceeded what we saw in the U.S. and Germany. While patient growth for Europe as a whole was robust, total European TECFIDERA revenue was dampened both by the change of price and softer demand in Germany. In Europe, our promotional strategy is similar to what I described in the U.S., maintaining high reach in frequency and emphasizing the strong value proposition of the product. However, in Europe we have been more limited in our ability to educate physicians about any new monitoring requirements as we are still waiting for an updated European label. We continue to believe in TECFIDERA's competitive profile and believe the product can drive future patient growth, although at a more moderated rate. Establishing TECFIDERA as the standard of care in MS remains a primary focus, and we will be tireless in those efforts. We believe that AVONEX and PLEGRIDY will continue to play an important role and that we are gaining share among interferons. PLEGRIDY has seen steady early uptake and has continued to source patients broadly. TYSABRI continues to set itself apart in the market with an increasing number of alternatives. TYSABRI demonstrated positive patient growth again this quarter, and we believe this strong performance is a testament to the high level of efficacy that TYSABRI provides to patients. Finally, in MS, we are gearing up for the potential launch of ZINBRYTA with our collaboration partner, AbbVie. If approved, we believe ZINBRYTA could be an important new therapeutic option for relapsing MS patients. Turning to our hemophilia business, ALPROLIX and ELOCTATE continue to grow market share this quarter in the U.S. We continue to broaden both breadth and depth of prescribing amongst physicians and educate the community about the importance of maintaining protection from bleeding with less frequent infusions. Recent market research suggests that the product awareness continues to increase and that the convenience of our products' dosing schedules is well appreciated by patients. Outside of the U.S., we have also seen strong initial uptake of ALPROLIX and ELOCTATE in Japan, which we believe is an attractive long-term growth opportunity. I'll now pass the call to Paul.
Paul J. Clancy - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Thanks, Tony. Our GAAP diluted earnings per share were $3.93 in the second quarter. Our non-GAAP diluted earnings per share were $4.22. Total revenue for Q2 grew 7% year over year to approximately $2.6 billion. Foreign exchange offset by hedging weakened total revenue by approximately $79 million year over year. Global second quarter TECFIDERA revenue was $883 million, an increase of 26% versus second quarter of last year and an increase of 7% versus the prior quarter. This quarter's TECFIDERA revenues consisted of $721 million in the United States and $163 million outside the U.S. U.S. gross-to-net adjustments were lower this quarter than Q1 by approximately 400 basis points. We estimate we ended the quarter with approximately 2.5 weeks of inventory in the U.S. wholesale channel for TECFIDERA, a similar level to last quarter. In Germany, TECFIDERA sales are being recorded at 12,800 as the free pricing period ended in mid-February. Largely driven by this, ex-U.S. TECFIDERA sales decreased 8% versus prior quarter, despite unit growth of 14%. Foreign exchange impact offset by hedging weakened TECFIDERA revenue by approximately $10 million year over year. Interferon revenues, including both AVONEX and PLEGRIDY, were $690 million during the second quarter, including $455 million in the U.S. and $235 million in sales outside the U.S. Compared to the first quarter of 2015, U.S. interferon revenues decreased 12%. We estimate that approximately $50 million of the decrease is due to an inventory drawdown in the U.S. wholesale channel. We believe this was the result of rebalancing of inventories subsequent to the launch of PLEGRIDY. Foreign exchange impact offset by hedging weakened Q2 interferon revenue by approximately $27 million year over year. TYSABRI worldwide revenue was $463 million in Q2. These results were comprised of $269 million in the U.S. and $195 million internationally. As a reminder, TYSABRI sales outside the U.S. in the second quarter of 2014 included $54 million of previously deferred revenue related to our AIFA [Italian National Medicines Agency] agreement. Foreign exchange impact offset by hedging weakened TYSABRI revenue by approximately $35 million year over year. Moving to hemophilia, ALPROLIX revenue in Q2 was $54 million, and ELOCTATE revenue was $74 million. Our U.S. profit share for RITUXAN and GAZYVA as well as our profit sharing royalties on sales of rituximab outside the U.S. were $338 million. Turning to the expense lines on the non-GAAP P&L, Q2 costs of goods sold were $286 million, or 11% of revenue. Q2 R&D expense was $491 million, or 19% of revenue. In Q2, SG&A expense was $492 million, or 19% of revenues. Our non-GAAP tax rate was approximately 24% for Q2, which benefited by approximately 50 basis points related to a discrete item. We ended the quarter with approximately $4.5 billion in cash and marketable securities, split approximately 50:50 between the U.S. and ex-U.S. Our weighted average diluted shares at the end of the quarter were 236 million. This brings us to our non-GAAP diluted earnings per share, which were $4.22 for the second quarter. Let me turn to our updated full-year 2015 guidance. We now expect revenue growth between 6% and 8%. This substantial decrease from our prior guidance is primarily driven by a change in our estimate for TECFIDERA's trajectory. Our balance-of-year forecast assumes limited patient growth for TECFIDERA in the United States. Additionally, in Europe overall reimbursement is below our original plan. Our revenue estimates for the rest of our MS portfolio remain largely unchanged. Moving to operating expenses, as a percentage of sales, OpEx is unchanged as we work to contain costs for the balance of the year. R&D expense is expected to be between 19% and 20% of revenue, unchanged from prior guidance. Assuming deal closure, we will book an approximately $40 million expense to R&D in the third quarter related to our collaboration with AGTC. SG&A expense is expected to be approximately 20% to 21% of revenue, unchanged from prior guidance. I'd like to point out that we'll owe Neurimmune a $60 million milestone payment upon dosing of the first patient in the Phase 3 trials for aducanumab. This payment will be an expense and presented within the non-controlling interest line in the P&L. We anticipate non-GAAP earnings per share results between $15.50 and $15.95, and GAAP EPS to be between $14.25 and $14.70. From a cash perspective, we now expect to pay approximately $850 million in CVR payments in 2015 related to the sales of TECFIDERA, a reduction from prior guidance. We anticipate capital expenditures of approximately $650 million to $700 million, an increase over 2014, as we continue to expand our manufacturing footprints. Included in this forecast is the recently announced agreement related to the Eisai's Research Triangle Park campus. Overall, we're very disappointed in the change of outlook for the year. Nevertheless, we remain committed to working tirelessly to turn around the commercial performance, and we'll aggressively look for opportunities to reduce expenses while simultaneously ensuring we invest in the pipeline. I'll turn the call over to George.
George A. Scangos, Ph.D. - Chief Executive Officer & Director: Okay. Thanks, Paul. Look, we obviously have a lot of work ahead of us as we strive to maximize the success of our commercial business and execute on our operational goals. Over the long term we expect that the primary source of value creation will be from the introduction of new therapies. So in closing, I'd like to highlight several pipeline programs that may be future value drivers for the company. ZINBRYTA is currently under regulatory review as a potential new therapeutic option for relapsing MS patients. If approved, we believe that ZINBRYTA could be an interesting addition to our MS portfolio and provide Biogen with an additional treatment option for patients. Later this year, we anticipate Phase 3 results for TYSABRI in secondary progressive MS, a form of the disease impacting approximately 30% of MS patients, and for which there are no proven effective therapies today. We also recently obtained Phase 2 results suggesting that TYSABRI may improve clinical outcomes in stroke patients, and we're rapidly moving forward to better understand TYSABRI's potential as a post-stroke therapy, with hopes to offer a new potential therapeutic option for the millions of patients experiencing this debilitating condition. The Phase 3 SMNRx program, developed with our partners at Isis Pharmaceuticals, represents another important opportunity for Biogen. SMNRx is being developed with the goal of improving and extending the lives of patients with spinal muscular atrophy. The available clinical results increasingly suggest SMNRx may indeed be having this effect. We look forward to obtaining Phase 3 data late next year or early 2007. We're eagerly awaiting the anti-LINGO Phase 2 MS results next year and expect to provide an update on the AON data at ECTRIMS [European Committee for Treatment and Research in Multiple Sclerosis] in the fall. While available MS therapies slow the course of the disease, anti-LINGO has the potential to work in a fundamentally different way, by acting as a restorative therapy. And of course, Alzheimer's disease is an area of intense focus for Biogen, with several active clinical programs. In addition to aducanumab, our lead program, we're working with our partner Eisai to develop BAN2401 and E2609, potential disease-modifying therapies in Phase 2. BAN2401 is an anti-beta amyloid antibody, while E2609 is an oral base inhibitor that seeks to block the production of amyloid plaque. Clinical results are expected for both product candidates next year, and we look forward to providing updates on the progress of our R&D efforts as we continue to advance the pipeline. Before I end the call, I want to take a moment to acknowledge Doug Williams's contributions to Biogen. Doug joined Biogen over four years ago, and since then has been a great friend and colleague and has done an amazing job helping to invigorate Biogen's R&D. I think that the progress that we've made should be obvious to everyone. So, as Doug prepares to leave the company, I'm sad to see him go, but I'm happy for him that he has the opportunity to move to a new role that truly excites him. I want to publicly thank Doug for all that he's done and wish him all the best in his next endeavor. Fortunately for us, Doug has helped build a deep team, including for us (26:10) physicians and scientists who continue to advance Biogen's R&D efforts. Leadership for the research and development organization will be assumed by Al Sandrock, our Chief Medical Officer, and Spyros Artavanis, our Chief Scientific Officer. Both Spyros and Al are extremely talented and accomplished and I'm confident in the continued success of our R&D organization. Finally, as always, I want to thank the many Biogen employees who have contributed to our success. Through good and challenging times, I'm always gratified to see the consistent dedication to patients and shareholders exhibited by our employees, and I'm confident that we'll all continue to work hard to accomplish our ambitious goals. So with that, we'll end the call and open it up for questions.
Operator: Your first question is from Geoffrey Porges with Sanford Bernstein. Your line is open.
Geoffrey Craig Porges - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: Thanks very much, and I'm sure there will be lots of questions on the TECFIDERA and the rest of the MS portfolio outlook. Paul, I wanted to ask you a question first about margins and on a related basis about capital allocation. As you've had a chance now to look at this revised guidance and the outlook for the core business and then the various clinical trials that you're planning, what confidence do you have that the 48% to 49% operating margin you have today can be maintained over the next two years to three years? And related to that, you have a very strong balance sheet. You mentioned the $4.5 billion in cash and marketable securities, next to no debt. Some of your competitors have used their balance sheet quite effectively, and we're wondering, are you contemplating that? Would you take on leverage? If so, how much, and what are your capital allocation priorities now? Thanks.
Paul J. Clancy - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Thanks, Geoff, thanks for the question, pretty expansive, so let me try to tackle it. On the margin front, certainly I'd point to what the guidance now assumes. I think from a multi-year perspective, we certainly would continue to still want to drive towards margin improvement. The dynamics of our margin improvements obviously over the next couple of years are going to be a little bit different. As the revenue growth has attenuated, we're going to have to work harder to control costs, and I think that we came into this year starting to do that with our SG&A. We are certainly doing that with the balance-of-year forecast, maintaining the OpEx targets as a percentage of sales that effectively assumes not an insignificant pull-back in our spending. We're coming off a period that we purposely, and as I've articulated that we didn't want to be pennywise and pound-foolish, we had an unprecedented number of product launches for a company our size. I think that was appropriate, and we need to pivot towards making sure any and all waste gets out of the organization. That will be a very fine, delicate balance because we want to continue to invest in the pipeline, and we will absolutely make that an incredible priority. So we'll navigate through that. It will be a little bit of a challenge, but there's no doubt that we're up to it. With respect to capital allocation, the balance sheet leverage, George and I will tag-team this one now. Certainly, we have a pristine leverage profile and a pristine capital structure. I don't, as I said before, don't think that should be measured on a quarter-in or quarter-out basis, but I think this company can and we would love to have a capital structure that has more debt on it. But that will be driven by the opportunity to be able to do that as opposed to falsely trying to do that. As people noted, we have authorization from the board for a $5 billion share repurchase program. We have cautiously communicated that that would be done within five years' time. If the stock is under pressure, as it was in pre-market today, I suspect that we will look for opportunities to lower the share base. And capital allocation is much broader than that. Obviously, we continue to look for M&A opportunities. They've got to be the right thing. They've got to be the right value, and I'll let George pick up on that as well.
George A. Scangos, Ph.D. - Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thanks, Paul. Thanks, Geoff. The question is are we willing to use our balance sheet and our debt capacity for M&A, for acquisitions, for projects, product, compound acquisitions. The answer is certainly yes. We are constantly looking, and we will be aggressive when we find opportunities that we think are attractive and consistent with our strategy.
Operator: The next question is from Michael Yee with RBC Capital Markets. Your line is open.
Michael J. Yee - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Hi, thanks. I guess a question for Al or Doug. I guess to start with Alzheimer's, which is, maybe you could give some more specific comments about your interpretation of the recent data, specifically six milligrams, and how we should interpret the clinical meaningfulness of this. I think people are looking at MMSE and then CDR and not confident on that clinical meaningfulness. So maybe you can give some more perspective on that data and why I guess you're confident now that you've disclosed also the doses. Thanks.
Douglas E. Williams - Executive Vice President-Research & Development: Hi, Michael, this is Doug. I'll start. Al will jump in as well. Look, I will simply say that when Al and I looked at the data from the 6 mg cohort, I think we were both very happy to see that it lined up very nicely with our expectations for what we thought should have happened. I think the fact that for CDR, it's slotted right in between the 3 mg/kg and 10 mg/kg dose cohorts. You couldn't ask for a better outcome, frankly, in terms of how that data shook out. As I mentioned in the call earlier, that's the primary endpoint for the Phase 3 study, so I think we're increasingly confident that the data is continuing to be very, very consistent across multiple parameters. We believe that this data is increasingly strong, and we're very confident setting up and starting the Phase 3 study based on the results we've seen. I will go back in history and say that the last time that I personally was associated with a study at this stage where the results were this consistent across multiple parameters was back in my ENBREL days. So again, I believe that we have a really firm basis on which to go forward into Phase 3. The MMSE data, a little bit of wobble in that. That's the only data point that I can think of across the entire spectrum that didn't just line up almost perfectly. So we're strong believers in this product and feel very confident moving it forward.
Alfred W. Sandrock Jr., M.D., Ph.D. - Group Senior Vice President, Chief Medical Officer: I completely agree with Doug and I have nothing to add.
Operator: The next question is from Mark Schoenebaum with Evercore ISI. Your line is open.
Mark J. Schoenebaum - Evercore ISI: Hey, guys. I apologize, I have the flu, if I sound a little down. First, I'd just like to just say congratulations to Al. As you know, Wall Street loves him, as do I.
George A. Scangos, Ph.D. - Chief Executive Officer & Director: We do too.
Paul J. Clancy - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: We do, too.
Mark J. Schoenebaum - Evercore ISI: In a friendly non-romantic type of way. So I just wanted just a couple points. Hey, Paul, I just want to be really clear. You're basically telling us that from a volume perspective, TECFIDERA is basically going to stay flat this year. I just want to make sure. That seems like a core  I just want to make  there are all these numbers flying around. I just want to make sure that that is the message here in the U.S. And then I wanted to ask you  I wanted to push you guys a little bit on M&A, now with the unexpected slowing of the core business and a very interesting pipeline. But several years before it's going to contribute to the P&L, it would seem just obvious that plugging in some new products here, like Celgene perhaps has been doing, could make a lot of sense. You guys haven't really been very active on the M&A front. I think the last thing you did was the Elan transaction, which is just buying something you really knew. So can you talk about that? I think the Street would love to see you get more aggressive. Stocks go up every time acquirers buy a company. And I'll leave it at that and I'll get back in the queue. Thanks a lot.
Paul J. Clancy - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Mark, I'll take the first part. Your interpretation is exactly accurate. There's some very modest patient growth, but it's essentially what we're assuming. And I know there will be an assessment of whether or not we're being conservative or not. But essentially, what we're assuming is extremely limited patient growth on a sequential basis for the balance of the year in the United States. Our aspirations are obviously  commercially we're aspiring for much more than that, but that is the assumption that we have in the balance-of-year forecast.
George A. Scangos, Ph.D. - Chief Executive Officer & Director: Look, Mark, on M&A, I think what you see, your observation is certainly is right. Every time there's some M&A event, stocks go up. We are certainly not engaged in M&A for any short-term stock performance. But we certainly are, I would say, increasingly aggressive about wanting to add additional compounds to our portfolio and to our pipeline. And we will be aggressive when we see good opportunities that are consistent with our strategy. So I think you can count on that.
Operator: The next question is from Ying Huang with Bank of America. Your line is open.
Ying Huang - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Hi, good morning, guys. Thanks for taking the questions. I want to probe you a little bit further on TECFIDERA. So we now have a second confirmed case on PML, even though it's off-label. And then we will see ocrelizumab data in RMS in Phase 3. So if you take a longer-term look at TECFIDERA, what do you think those could affect the growth trajectory for TECFIDERA? And then also second question I have on the SPMS trial, I know you have a special product agreement with the FDA on the Phase 3 trial for TYSABRI in SPMS. Can you elaborate a little more? What do you need to see in order to be able to file for approval here? Thank you.
Stuart Anthony Kingsley - Executive VP-Global Commercial Operations: Thanks, Ying. It's Tony. So on the second PML case, let me talk about that and then talk about ocrelizumab. I guess it's still early days but it's certainly been several weeks that the information is out in the market. So we think the market has had some chance to absorb it. Look, the first PML case was a pretty significant change statement for the profile of TECFIDERA, given its very pristine safety profile at the time. Our sense is that the second one is a much less significant change statement. The cases within the expected profile, still exceptionally rare. So in discussions that we've had with physicians, with thought leaders, they seem to be  the appearance is that they are processing that much more straightforwardly. We've also monitored media pickup, social media pickup, other things like that, and to date have seen very significantly less reaction on that front. So this feels like a significantly different and more muted reaction to date than the first case. Ocrelizumab, look, I think consistent with what we've said before, we have seen increasing excitement in the market about ocrelizumab, particularly among specialists. We don't know the full data. It looks like a product that will play in the high-efficacy space. It's likely to appeal to the specialists, particularly the TYSABRI user, the RITUXAN user. That we think is more of an issue, frankly, for TYSABRI as it competes in the high-efficacy space and probably in a narrower customer, more specialized customer base over time. So we think of that as probably less relevant to TECFIDERA. Look, in terms of TECFIDERA's long-term profile, which is where you had asked that, I'll say this. To date, when we look at our market research, the indicators and the leading indicators of brand health we believe continue to be pretty favorable. Our market research says the benefit/risk profile has changed, but we believe it's still overall very positive. It's the most requested product by patients based on our research. Physicians state that they intend to use more, again, from market research, and they see it as appropriate for a broad set of patient types. So in the current environment, that's essentially why we're doubling down in what's been a slow market. The market has been more cautious and we think a lot of it is on the margin more cautious. But for a big brand like TECFIDERA, on the margin matters. So reach and frequency, patient outreach, and emphasizing the benefits of the product continue to be where we'll put our efforts.
Alfred W. Sandrock Jr., M.D., Ph.D. - Group Senior Vice President, Chief Medical Officer: Hi, Ying, this is Al Sandrock. I'm still blushing from Mark's comments, but I'll try to answer this question on SPMS. As you pointed out, it was important to get a SPA approval prior to starting because this is the first time the drug would be approved using a new composite measure of disability progression, and so that's why it was important to get a SPA agreement. This composite measure, I think that whether or not the drug gets approved is going to rest almost entirely on whether or not the drug is statistically significant on this measure, which by the way, this measure has the EDSS standard, EDSS one-point change that we've been using for a long time in relapsing MS, but also in addition has two other pieces, a nine-hole peg test, a certain percentage change in the nine-hole peg test, as well as the timed 25-foot walk. So we believe that increases the sensitivity to change, so we will see disability progression better and therefore increased chances that TYSABRI will show a treatment effect.
Operator: The next question is from Matt Roden with UBS. Your line is open.
Matthew M. Roden - UBS Securities LLC: Great, thanks very much for taking the question. While I share the love for Al and say congrats to your promotion, I also want to say congrats to Doug on a great run at Biogen and good luck on your next venture.
Douglas E. Williams - Executive Vice President-Research & Development: Thank you.
Matthew M. Roden - UBS Securities LLC: The question is on the Alzheimer's program. So the new information for us today is the dosing in the Phase 3 program. If you look at the numbers you have on CDR, sum of the boxes at 3 milligrams and 6 milligrams, would you get stat-sig, statistical significance if the sample size were 1,350 patients, which is what you're using in ENGAGE and EMERGE? And I guess related, just to better understand the strategy of using the multiple doses here, is it meant to enable patients in the real world to move up and down dose, or is it meant to just take people all the way up to 78 weeks in a particular dose and then reassess? I'm just trying to understand whether or not the clinical trial is capturing what you mean to do in the real world. Thanks.
Douglas E. Williams - Executive Vice President-Research & Development: Again, Al and I will tag-team this. I think the intent here, obviously, we've analyzed the data very carefully, and it's a very small sample size coming out of the current Phase 1b study. But what we've seen in terms of consistency of response across the doses I think has allowed us to do some very nice statistical modeling and make some assumptions about sample size that obviously we think will allow us to achieve statistical significance with the sample size, with the increased duration of dosing because as you recall from the previous look at the data, the longer you dose, the more amyloid you remove. And what we've shown in the most recent presentation is that there is a very nice correlation between amyloid removal and improvement in cognition. So I think all of these factors have come into play to both size the study and to pick the dose. And I would say what we're trying to do is to actually push the dose and to push it as high and as hard as we can to remove as much amyloid as possible because we know that that seems to be an important parameter for efficacy with our drug. So all of this has been factored into the sample size, and I think we've designed a study now that allows us to take into account the fact that increasing doses work better, increasing durations seem to work better. And stratifying, based on APOE4 status is an important parameter for allowing us to both push the dose but at the same time try to minimize ARIA. And I think the up-titration is another element to the study that will improve our chances of maximizing the benefit/risk.
Alfred W. Sandrock Jr., M.D., Ph.D. - Group Senior Vice President, Chief Medical Officer: I think anytime we go from Phase 2 to Phase 3, we do a discounting, if you will. We assume that the variability will increase. We assume that  and we look at 95% confidence intervals of what the actual treatment effect is, and that's what Doug was saying about the modeling. And so I think we're pretty confident using this sample size that we will achieve a statistical significance. In terms of how we view this drug to be used once it's approved, I do think that people will get genotyped and the dose will be based on genotype, not (45:37) on whether or not they're APOE4 carriers. And then we'll have to look at the data to see which dose is superior in each of the subgroups, the carriers and non-carriers, and that will probably be the recommended dose. And then the other complication is if there's some ARIA whether or not people would dose-reduce because that's what was typically done in the Phase 1b trial. People dose-reduced, then most people were able to continue dosing with the dose reduction. So that's how I see it playing out.
Operator: The next question is from Terence Flynn with Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Terence C. Flynn - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Hi, thanks for taking my question, maybe just two quick ones for me. First is just TECFIDERA, as you think about the out-year trajectory in the U.S., I know your outlook for this year is flat, but just help us think about the dynamics in terms of what really drives the trajectory change there. And then just on Alzheimer's, I was wondering if you can remind us of any similarities or differences between BIIB037 and the Eisai antibody and the endpoint they're using in that ongoing Phase 2 trial. Thanks.
Stuart Anthony Kingsley - Executive VP-Global Commercial Operations: Thanks, Terrence. This is Tony, just maybe some qualitative comments on the outlook. We believe that the market continues to move to orals. We continue to believe that we have the best oral. So those are the two core things. And as I said, based on what we see in the market today, we continue to believe that we have a very good product profile. We think that we can continue to add patients. It's harder work at this point given where it is in the product life cycle.
Alfred W. Sandrock Jr., M.D., Ph.D. - Group Senior Vice President, Chief Medical Officer: In terms of the BAN versus BIIB037, the BAN trial is using a composite measure that includes some of the measures that we've looked at in the BIIB037 study. So it's a different kind of measure that is rather unique actually. I think it was developed by the scientists and clinicians at Eisai. In terms of the differences in the antibodies, BAN binds to a different epitope than BIIB037. BAN is a humanized mouse antibody, whereas BIIB037 is a fully human antibody derived from human B-cells. And also BAN tends to bind to protofibrils. And so exactly which species of A-beta in terms of the aggregation status and fibrillar status, there are probably going to be some differences, although I would say that BIIB037 also binds to the ligamers as well as the fibrillary beta. So those are the differences.
Operator: The next question is from Matthew Harrison with Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
Matthew K. Harrison - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Great, thanks for taking the question. I want to ask just on stroke. Can you clarify exactly what you saw on those functional endpoints, how similar or different they might have been from TPA, and then when we should think about some sort of Phase 3 design or plan for that, and when we might see that data. Thanks.
Alfred W. Sandrock Jr., M.D., Ph.D. - Group Senior Vice President, Chief Medical Officer: This is Al Sandrock. The primary endpoint was the volume of the stroke basically based on MRI at day five. And as Doug said, that was not statistically significant, so we missed on the primary endpoint. What was surprising to us is then when we looked at the other clinical outcome measures at day 30 and day 90, we saw some interesting trends. And in some cases at certain times with certain measures there were statistical significance. And the other measures that were looked at were the Modified Rankin Scale, the Barthel Index, and the NIH stroke scale. Those are the typical stroke scales. And in fact, people often combine them into the global scales. When we look at those, we see some interesting trends, as I said. With odds ratios  so then the other way to look at it is the odds ratios of reaching a favorable outcome on these endpoints individually and as a composite global score. And when you look at that, it's actually in the range of what was seen with TPA, which makes us interested in what we saw. And so you mentioned going to Phase 3. I'm not sure we'll jump right into Phase 3, but we're still mulling over the data. We're looking at it in every which way that we can. We're discussing it with stroke experts. And we'll let you know what we're going to do next, but I think it bears further study.
Operator: The next question is from Eric Schmidt with Cowen & Co. Your line is open.
Eric Thomas Schmidt - Cowen & Co. LLC: Thanks for the question. Maybe, Paul, I think we've touched on TECFIDERA's growth trajectory, but it sounds like your guidance for the second half of the year essentially on the top line implies no growth in revenue over the first half of the year. And I guess if there's no growth H2 over H1, maybe why should we be optimistic for growth in the future as well? So perhaps you could just talk about the overall top line growth trajectories that you're expecting over the next six to 12 months.
Paul J. Clancy - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: We've got to still sort that out as we move into 2016. I think that's what you're getting at, Eric. The guidance assumes that TECFIDERA patients in the United States are relatively limited growth, and that is clearly what we have to get motoring along. So that's the homework assignment. Outside the United States, we are growing in terms of patients. We had a hiccup this quarter versus Q1, as noted from the German pricing. That's a dynamic that will now settle out. But certainly, we've got some work to do on the commercial front.
Operator: The next question is from Robyn Karnauskas of Deutsche Bank. Your line is open.
Robyn Karnauskas - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Hi, guys. So just to take a step back and just help me feel more comfortable around the rest of the year, two things. Again, it's early, but have you seen any impact from generic COPAXONE as push-back on price or utilization? Second, when you thought about TECFIDERA and flat sales, to what extent do you think there will be people stopping the drug versus just minimal growth, and how are you thinking about that? And then third, given the lack of growth in one of these core products, you talked about share buybacks. I guess this is going to a point that was made earlier. Has that changed your interest in bringing in something that will be a growthy driver, an M&A potential candidate that might help the company grow during the time in which you're developing your pipeline and you're facing such headwinds? Thanks.
Stuart Anthony Kingsley - Executive VP-Global Commercial Operations: Okay, Robyn, it's Tony. First on GLATOPA, generic COPAXONE, absolutely to date within our expectations, which I think we've talked about for a while now is we think that product largely has an impact within the COPAXONE molecule category. Last I looked, which was probably a couple weeks back to early July, there were 400 or 500 Rxs, 90%-plus of them were switches. 97% of those switches were from COPAXONE QD, so to date absolutely where we expected it to be. You've seen probably the WAC, which is $63,000  $64,000. I don't have clarity on what their contracting strategy will be, but absolutely within the expectations that we had.
Douglas E. Williams - Executive Vice President-Research & Development: And then good point, Robyn, what you're bringing up with respect to TECFIDERA. Certainly one of the dynamics that we've seen that we didn't expect was a modest but not trivial increase in discontinuations in TECFIDERA in the United States in particular. That probably we think traces back to the monitoring to some extent. It traces back to efficacy breakthroughs, which is typical for most of the disease modifying the majority in it traces to some of the GIs. So both dynamics are actually happening. We're hopeful that we can actually bring that back to a bit normal state, but TBD as we move forward.
George A. Scangos, Ph.D. - Chief Executive Officer & Director: Okay, and this is George, Robyn. Look, on the M&A question, I think as we've said before, we have a good balance sheet. We have debt capacity. We will not be shy about using it when we see opportunities that are interesting and consistent with what we want to do. I don't think we're in any panic situation to go out and be desperate. But there as we see good opportunities, we will be aggressive about bringing them in.
Operator: The next question is from Geoff Meacham with Barclays. Your line is open.
Geoffrey Meacham - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Good morning, guys. Thanks for taking the question, one for Tony and one for Doug or Al. So for Tony, you guys have talked about Europe being as big as the U.S. in terms of peak potential for TECFIDERA. I was just wondering if that was still the case and how you think about how quickly you could reaccelerate growth OUS. And then for Doug or Al on aducanumab, maybe help us with the criteria for beta amyloid elevations and PET scans. I know you guys had a correlation between beta amyloid levels and cognition. But is there a threshold that you're looking for that you feel like you'd have maximal efficacy, or does it matter? Over an 18-month period, do you feel like just clearance of the plaque, even a marginal clearance, would have some sort of effect on cognition? Thank you.
Stuart Anthony Kingsley - Executive VP-Global Commercial Operations: Good, thanks. It's Tony. On Europe, the short answer is basically mathematically impossible for Europe to be as big as the U.S. given the differential in pricing and therefore net revenue per patient across. You have a big patient population in Europe. As I said, more mature markets like Germany, we believe we've seen dynamics that are a little bit more like the U.S. But launch markets we're seeing really nice uptake, and we believe it's very consistent with what we saw in the other launches. So the total dynamic is we have seen good patient growth in Europe. We have had both net price and also FX working against us this year. We are basically through all the major reimbursement decisions at this point. And when all the dust has settled, the net prices we were able to achieve over there were certainly lower than our aspiration and what I think our plan was. We always cautioned that given how broadly TECFIDERA would be used, you'd have a gravitational pull-down to the platform therapies. The argument for us with the pricing authorities obviously was superior efficacy, better profiles than the platforms. That has been a very tough row to hoe. It was made tougher by AUBAGIO, which went ahead of us and took what was a pretty low price strategy that increased the pressure over there. So I think Paul referenced it, and I talked a little in my comments. The net revenue per patient in Europe is just structurally substantially lower than the U.S. and for TECFIDERA specifically has come out lower than we would certainly have aspired to given those market dynamics.
Douglas E. Williams - Executive Vice President-Research & Development: And on the question about the lowering of amyloid, what we did there was to look to see whether there was a PK/PD relationship essentially. And it was a scientific question. Does the effect on cognition need to go through the effect on amyloid lowering? And in a way it's asking is the amyloid hypothesis correct? And what we saw was that it's consistent with the amyloid hypothesis being correct. Your question goes to another thing, which is are we going to be using this as a biomarker in the clinic when it's approved, and will there be some sort of threshold effect being used in clinic? And I think it's far too early to speculate on that. I think it might go to that part, but I would not say that this one standard deviation unit that we chose to look at would be that threshold. I think there's a lot more work that has to be done before we get to that stage.
Operator: The final question is from Cory Kasimov with JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Cory W. Kasimov - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Hey, good morning. Thanks for squeezing me in. I wanted to go back to aducanumab and see if you could provide a little more clarity on the titration there. I'm just not clear. Can anyone go up to 10 mg/kg if they're tolerating the drug? And what's the trigger to up-titrate? And then also, how much would the planned titration schedule informed by the titration cohort you added to the Phase 1b trial? Thanks.
Douglas E. Williams - Executive Vice President-Research & Development: We haven't actually released the specific details on how the up-titration is going to work except to say that all of the patients will undergo that process as they get to their final dose in the study. Again, I think we'll have more clarity on that once we actually begin enrolling patients. But for the moment, I think we'll simply say that that is based on a variety of parameters, primarily that there are two things we know correlate with the incidence of ARIA. One is obviously dose, so a lower dose has a lower incidence of ARIA. And the second is time. Most of the ARIA occurs during the first five doses of administration. So the hypothesis that's being tested right now with this cohort you mentioned is whether or not at a lower dose for a period of time you can get through this period of risk, I'll call it, for developing ARIA and end up with a lower overall incidence on your way up to the final dose.
Carlo Tanzi - Director-Investor Relations: Okay. With that, we'll bring the call to an end. Thank you all for calling in today. Thanks for all the questions, and we can all get back to work now. Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2015 Q1  (2015-04-24 08:00:00) =====
Executives: Ben Strain - Associate Director, Investor Relations George A. Scangos, Ph.D. - Chief Executive Officer & Director Douglas E. Williams, Ph.D. - Executive Vice President-Research & Development Tony Kingsley - Executive Vice President-Global Commercial Operations Paul J. Clancy - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President
Analysts: Geoffrey C. Porges - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC Mark J. Schoenebaum - Evercore ISI Eric T. Schmidt - Cowen & Co. LLC Chris J. Raymond - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker) Matt M. Roden - UBS Securities LLC Geoffrey Meacham - Barclays Capital, Inc. Terence C. Flynn - Goldman Sachs & Co. Ying Huang - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Matthew K. Harrison - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Cory W. Kasimov - JPMorgan Securities LLC Robyn Karnauskas - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. Michael J. Yee - RBC Capital Markets LLC Joseph P. Schwartz - Leerink Partners LLC
Operator: Good morning. My name is Stephanie and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I'd like to welcome everyone to the Biogen First Quarter 2015 Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. Please limit yourself to one question to allow time for others in queue to ask a question. I'll now like to turn the call over to Mr. Ben Strain, Associate Director, Investor Relations. You may begin your conference.
Ben Strain - Associate Director, Investor Relations: Thank you and welcome to Biogen's First Quarter 2015 Earnings Conference Call. Before we begin, I encourage everyone to go to the Investor section of biogen.com to find the press release and the related financial tables, including a reconciliation of the non-GAAP financial measures that we'll discuss today. Our GAAP financials are provided in Tables 1 and 2. Table 3 includes a reconciliation of our GAAP to non-GAAP financial results. We believe non-GAAP financial results better represent the ongoing economics of our business and reflect how we manage the business internally. We have also posted slides on the website that follow the discussion related to this call. I would like to point out that we'll be making forward-looking statements which are based on our current expectations and beliefs. These statements are subject to certain risks and uncertainties and our actual results may differ materially. I encourage everyone to consult our SEC filings for additional detail. On today's call, I'm joined by our Chief Executive Officer, Dr. George Scangos; Dr. Doug Williams, EVP of Research and Development; Tony Kingsley, EVP of Global Commercial Operations; and our CFO, Paul Clancy. Now, I'll turn the call over to George.
George A. Scangos, Ph.D. - Chief Executive Officer & Director: Okay. Thank you, Ben, and good morning, everyone, and thanks for joining us today. Biogen had a mixed start to 2015. We made good progress on our pipeline but our commercial results were not as strong as we'd hoped. Although we achieved 20% revenue growth and 55% non-GAAP EPS growth compared to the same quarter last year, we'd expected to do even better. We saw moderating patient uptake of our oral MS therapy TECFIDERA in the U.S. and Germany. And like other companies, we had foreign exchange headwinds. Our MS franchise continued to gain overall share this quarter but at a moderating pace. Our interferon business continued to perform well, driven by the recent introduction of PLEGRIDY. TYSABRI remained the therapy of choice for patients needing high efficacy. TECFIDERA had a more challenging quarter due to a number of issues, including an overall slowing of the MS market, the recent launch of PLEGRIDY, the single PML case reported last year and some first quarter financial dynamics that Paul will discuss. And as Tony will describe a little later, our two hemophilia products, ELOCTATE and ALPROLIX, continued to gain patients and market share during the quarter. On the research front, we continue to advance our pipeline. We recently presented compelling data for aducanumab, which is the first investigational drug for Alzheimer's disease that has demonstrated a statistically significant reduction of amyloid plaque and a statistically significant slowing of clinical impairment. And this week, we're presenting 73 company-sponsored platform and poster presentations at AAN [American Academy of Neurology], which highlight our marketed MS therapies, including TECFIDERA's strong efficacy across a broad range of MS patients in addition to its favorable long-term safety. We also presented new data for anti-LINGO-1 in acute optic neuritis and aducanumab in Alzheimer's disease. We made excellent progress toward initiating multiple Phase III trials. We plan to initiative Phase III trials for aducanumab later this year. We also recently initiated a Phase III trial for TECFIDERA in patients with secondary progressive MS, both of which Doug will highlight. We believe these important investments have the potential to be significant future growth drivers for Biogen. We continued to make progress in our biosimilar efforts. So far this year, Marketing Authorization Applications filed by Samsung Bioepis, our joint venture with Samsung Biologics, for etanercept and infliximab biosimilar candidates have been accepted by the EMA. Biogen is preparing to commercialize these therapies across the EU if approved. There is a growing societal need for high-quality biosimilars to help improve patient access to treatments that they need, and we believe that Biogen's world-class development, manufacturing and analytical capabilities position us well to bring these therapies to patients. So in conclusion, we have another busy year in which we'll focus on the trajectory of TECFIDERA and of our entire MS franchise in order to achieve our commercial and financial goals and ensure that we execute ongoing and planned clinical trials to move our pipeline forward as quickly as possible. So now, I'll turn the call over to Doug who will update you on our progress in R&D.
Douglas E. Williams, Ph.D. - Executive Vice President-Research & Development: Thanks, George. At last month's AD/PD meeting, we presented positive interim data from our Phase Ib study evaluating aducanumab in patients with prodromal and mild Alzheimer's disease. And earlier this week at AAN, we presented additional Phase Ib results demonstrating that aducanumab treatment had a consistent impact on amyloid levels in ApoE4 carriers versus non-carriers as well as in prodromal versus mild AD patient subgroups. We plan to present clinical data for these subgroups at subsequent medical meetings. We plan to initiate Phase III registrational studies for aducanumab in the second half of this year. We've been in active dialogue with regulators and we're close to finalizing our Phase III development plan. Our expectation is that our registrational program will include two identical 18-month-long placebo-controlled trials, each including 1,350 subjects with early Alzheimer's disease. We intend to use the CDR [Clinical Dementia Rating] sum of boxes as the primary end point. In each Phase III study, we plan to evaluate two doses of aducanumab in both the ApoE4 carriers and non-carriers, with ApoE4 non-carriers receiving higher treatment doses. Estimating enrollment timing is difficult though we anticipate Phase III enrollment duration will be similar to other large studies in Alzheimer's disease. We hope the substantial interest in the program will catalyze recruitment. However, the studies will include early Alzheimer's patients who are often not yet diagnosed. Also, we must ensure that clinical sites have access to amyloid PET imaging. As we initiate the Phase III program, the Phase Ib study will remain ongoing. We expect to present the one-year clinical results for the 6 mg/kg study cohort at the AAIC meeting in July. We also continue to evaluate dose titration, and we expect to present those results next year. Moving on to our other programs, starting with ZINBRYTA. The EMA has validated the Marketing Authorization Application for ZINBRYTA. If approved, we believe ZINBRYTA could be an important new therapeutic option for relapsing MS patients. For TECFIDERA, we recently initiated a new Phase III study, INSPIRE, to evaluate whether TECFIDERA slows the rate of disability progression in patients with secondary progressive MS. There are no effective treatments available today for SPMS, and developing therapies for this patient population is of great interest to the organization. INSPIRE is a two-year placebo-controlled study in 1,170 subjects. The primary endpoint is time to confirm disability progression based on a composite endpoint including EDSS, a timed 25-foot walk test and a nine-hole peg test. The endpoint utilized is similar to that being used in the ongoing TYSABRI ASCEND SPMS study. The scientific rationale to develop TECFIDERA in SPMS is based on both biological and clinical evidence. We believe preclinical data demonstrate that TECFIDERA has cytoprotective and anti-inflammatory properties that may address the lymphocytic infiltrates and neurodegeneration known to occur in SPMS patients. The clinical data from TECFIDERA Phase III studies also demonstrated reduced disability progression in subjects even when they hadn't experienced recent relapses. Turning to anti-LINGO, at this week's AAN meeting we presented detailed results from the Phase II acute optic neuritis study which we believe demonstrate that anti-LINGO is able to remyelinate damaged neurons. New data demonstrate a statistically-significant improvement in recovery of optic nerve conduction latency in subjects treated with anti-LINGO going out to week 32. Also, results from a sub-study evaluating multifocal VEP, a more sensitive measure of optic nerve conduction, were found to be consistent with a full-field VEP findings. Our anti-LINGO Phase II study in MS remains ongoing, and we expect to obtain final results in mid-2016. I'll now turn the call over to Tony.
Tony Kingsley - Executive Vice President-Global Commercial Operations: Thanks, Doug. Let me start with the MS franchise. We continue to believe that our portfolio of products is a source of strength in the marketplace with the leading oral agent, the leading high-efficacy agent and two well-positioned interferon options. In the U.S., we believe we continue to capture roughly half of all newly-diagnosed and switch patients within our franchise in Q1. As we've said in prior calls, with the launch of TECFIDERA in 2013 in the U.S. and 2014 in Europe, we saw a period where both market growth and switching dynamics were well above historical averages, and TECFIDERA really drove this. And we expected a natural moderation in these rates through 2014 and into 2015. We believe this is occurring as expected, but also believe that the Tech safety (10:45) event in October further dampened market growth and switch rates in Q1. So in this broader market context, TECFIDERA continued to add patients this quarter but at an overall slower rate. In the U.S., our internal market research suggests that physician intent to prescribe may be improving. We believe these data indicate that we are assisting physicians in putting the updated label into context. In Europe, we saw robust uptake in patient capture in the quarter in the U.K. as well as in newly launched markets such as Italy and Spain. In Germany, the product saw similar headwinds as in the U.S., but for Europe as a whole we saw a nice growth in patients in the quarter. Finally, in markets where we have launched PLEGRIDY, we believe the uptake of that product has also dampened TECFIDERA patient growth by taking some interferon switches that could have gone to TECFIDERA. But obviously for Biogen overall, this is a positive and, again, speaks to the strength of our franchise position in the market. We continue to believe that TECFIDERA remains the preferred oral option in the market given its strong efficacy, convenience and safety profile. We are leveraging the full capabilities of our commercial organization to communicate these benefits, maintaining significant sales force focus, executing both physician and patient programming with updated messaging, and increasing our share of voice across both print and digital media. Next, AVONEX and PLEGRIDY combined continued to gain share among interferons this quarter. PLEGRIDY has continued to source patients broadly, which we believe is a positive indicator of the product's appeal. Based on our market research, we believe PLEGRIDY is emerging as the interferon of choice. And we continue to believe that as the interferon market declines, Biogen's ability to grow share within it is attractive. Finally in the MS franchise, we're pleased that TYSABRI showed a full year of positive patient growth in a market with an increasing number of alternatives. From Q1 2014 to Q1 2015, global TYSABRI patients increased 5%. We think this performance is a testament to physician and patient belief in the high level of efficacy that TYSABRI provides to patients. So in summary, our MS franchise revenue increased 19% year-over-year to approximately $2.1 billion. Turning to our emerging hemophilia business, we continue to be pleased with the launch of our long-acting factors. In the U.S., as the first long-acting factors in the market, both ALPROLIX and ELOCTATE continued to gain new patients this quarter, and we've continued to see expansion of usage among hemophilia treatment centers. We now have over 70% HTC penetration for each product, and our data showed that switching rates in both hemophilia A and hemophilia B are running well above historical averages. We believe we are succeeding in our strategy to capture early adopters and then expand our footprint as both patients and physicians have positive experiences with the products. Outside of the U.S., we also recently launched both ALPROLIX and ELOCTATE in Japan and have seen strong initial interest. We believe that Japan represents an attractive long-term growth opportunity for our hemophilia business. I'll now pass the call to Paul.
Paul J. Clancy - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Thanks, Tony. Our GAAP diluted earnings per share were $3.49 in the first quarter. Our non-GAAP diluted earnings per share in the first quarter were $3.82. Total revenue for Q1 grew 20% year-over-year to approximately $2.6 billion, though decreased 3% versus the prior quarter. The strengthening dollar weakened revenues by approximately $89 million, which was partially offset by hedging for a net unfavorable impact of $49 million. Global first quarter TECFIDERA revenues were $825 million, an increase of 63% year-over-year, however, a decrease of 10% versus the fourth quarter of last year. This quarter's TECFIDERA revenues consist of $648 million in the U.S. and $177 million outside the U.S. There are a few items that impacted TECFIDERA revenue in Q1. Let me provide the details. U.S. TECFIDERA sales included 13 shipping weeks in Q1 compared to 14 shipping weeks last quarter. We estimate the additional week of TECFIDERA sales in Q4 represented approximately $50 million. U.S. gross-to-net adjustments were higher this quarter than prior quarters. Specifically, increased discounts and allowances in part due to donut hole were approximately 400 basis points higher than our estimated run rate for the remainder of 2015. This impacted Q1 U.S. revenues by approximately $35 million. In the U.S., we estimate we ended the quarter with approximately 2.5 weeks of inventory in the wholesale channel, a similar level to last quarter. However, we believe there was a slight drawdown of inventory in the specialty pharmacy channel. Outside the U.S., foreign exchange impact offset by hedging weakened TECFIDERA revenues by approximately $8 million for Q1 versus the prior quarter. And in Germany, we began recording TECFIDERA sales at a lower price as the free-pricing period ended in mid-February. We expect the official price will be made public in May. So shipping weeks, gross-to-net, foreign exchange and German pricing negatively impacted TECFIDERA this quarter. Nevertheless, as we've noted, we saw moderating patient growth especially in the U.S. and Germany, and we're working diligently to improve TECFIDERA's trajectory. Interferon revenues including both AVONEX and PLEGRIDY were $755 million during the first quarter, including $518 million in the U.S. and $236 million in sales outside the U.S. AVONEX U.S. sales included 13 shipping weeks in Q1 compared to 14 shipping weeks in the prior quarter. Foreign exchange impact offset by hedging weakened Q1 interferon revenue by approximately $12 million versus prior quarter and by approximately $25 million year-over-year. TYSABRI worldwide revenue was $463 million in Q1. These results were comprised of $273 million in the U.S. and $190 million internationally. Foreign exchange impact offset by hedging weakened TYSABRI revenue by approximately $12 million for Q1 versus Q4 and approximately $20 million year-over-year. Moving to hemophilia. ALPROLIX revenues in Q1 was $43 million and ELOCTATE revenue was $54 million. For our anti-CD20 unconsolidated joint business which includes RITUXAN and GAZYVA, our U.S. profit share as well as the profit share and royalties on sales of rituximab outside the U.S. were $331 million, an increase from prior quarter, in part due to an inventory build. Royalties were $20 million for Q1 compared to $38 million in the same quarter last year. Our royalty revenues from ANGIOMAX ended on December 15, 2014. Now, turning to the expense lines on the non-GAAP P&L. Q1 cost of goods sold were $312 million or 12% of revenue. Q1 R&D expense was $461 million or 18% of revenues, which includes no meaningful business development activity during this quarter though we continue to anticipate additional BD activity through the remainder of the year. Q1 SG&A expense was $560 million or 22% of revenue. Our non-GAAP tax rate was approximately 25% for Q1, and our rate benefited by approximately 1.5% related to a discrete item. During the quarter, we made $250 million of CVR payments to the former shareholders of Fumapharm. And our weighted diluted shares at the end of the quarter were 236 million. We ended the quarter with approximately $3.5 billion in cash and marketable securities, split approximately 50/50 between the U.S. and ex-U.S. This brings us to our non-GAAP diluted earnings per share, which were $3.82 for the first quarter. As a reminder, last quarter we announced our plan to provide annual guidance and one update per year during our second quarter earnings. This change is intended to synchronize with our internal planning processes and ensure a continued focus on the long term. As a result, we won't be updating our formal guidance this quarter though I'd like to briefly characterize how we're thinking about the remainder of the year. There are two key items that we're keeping a watchful eye on for the rest of the year. First, while foreign exchange has been a headwind, any additional strengthening of the dollar could exacerbate this impact on revenue. And second, we continue to expect TECFIDERA will represent the largest contributor to our overall revenue growth. If the U.S. trajectory does not improve, we may come in at the lower end of our previously provided revenue growth. Now I'll turn the call over to George for his closing comments.
George A. Scangos, Ph.D. - Chief Executive Officer & Director: Okay. Thank you, Paul. In closing, the year is shaping up to be an eventful one for us. Obviously, a top priority for us is the growth of our entire MS portfolio, including TECFIDERA. We believe that TECFIDERA is a compelling treatment option for MS patients, and our long-term outlook for TECFIDERA and for our entire MS portfolio remains strong. We believe that our portfolio provides leading choices for patients among interferon, oral and high efficacy therapies, and we're working hard to overcome the headwinds that we saw last quarter. And of course, we'll continue to focus on increasing the numbers of hemophilia patients who are taking advantage of the benefits of ELOCTATE and ALPROLIX. This year is also an important one in terms of advancing the pipeline. We'll move aducanumab into Phase III as quickly as possible, and we'll focus on execution of our ongoing trials for the other compounds in our pipeline. We anticipate data on several pipeline compounds this year, including a Phase III trial of TYSABRI for the treatment of SPMS, the Phase II trial for TYSABRI in acute ischemic stroke, and Phase II data for Neublastin in neuropathic pain. And of course, we're looking forward to the data from the Phase II trial of our anti-LINGO antibody in MS next year. We believe that each of these therapies has the potential to be a significant therapeutic advance. And so with that, we'll close our remarks. And, operator, you can now open up the call for questions.
Operator: Your first question comes from the line of Geoffrey Porges of Bernstein. Your line is open.
Geoffrey C. Porges - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: Thank you very much for the question, and perhaps we start off with TECFIDERA. You highlighted the case of PML last year in your comments, but of course there was the other case written up though it was with a different form of MS, not TECFIDERA, this year. And first of all, do you think that that will have any impact on the outlook in the future for TECFIDERA? And secondly, I'd just be curious as to what advice you're now giving physicians with respect to patients who are JCV positive. Do you think the case this year alters the sentiment you had after last year's case, where, of course, the patient was heavily pretreated and lymphopenic. Thanks.
Tony Kingsley - Executive Vice President-Global Commercial Operations: Yeah, thanks, Geoff. It's Tony. We just spent much of this week in talking to physicians and understanding what their perspective is. Just to highlight, between the Tech event and the BML (23:21) report late last year, what they're seeing is more hesitancy among patients. We talked about market growth as one of the issues in switch rates. Not clear that the physicians, at least that I talked to which was the anecdotal, had a dramatically different perspective themselves, but they see some hesitance in the conversations that they're having with patients. I think it's a little early to tell what the kind of impression result or perception result from the recent New England Journal articles will be. But, Doug, maybe you want to comment on...
Douglas E. Williams, Ph.D. - Executive Vice President-Research & Development: Sure. Geoff, I think the simple answer to your question is that it's our assessment that there's no real change in the benefit/risk profile in the drug for patients with MS. So, it's pretty much status quo at the moment.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mark Schoenebaum of Evercore ISI. Your line is open.
Mark J. Schoenebaum - Evercore ISI: Hey, guys. Thanks so much for taking the question. I just maybe turn the conversation to Alzheimer's, and I'm sure a lot of the other analysts will. But, hey, Doug, I just love  I know you addressed some of this or others did at AAN, but maybe just talk a little bit about some of the concerns. I mean obviously most of us think the data are good, but on the concern side is, number one, that the placebo group may have deteriorated more quickly than one would expect in this population; and number two, the risk that some of  at least the caregivers were unblinded to the status given the instance of ARIA. And then also, along the lines of, on Alzheimer's, is ARIA a clinical problem?
Douglas E. Williams, Ph.D. - Executive Vice President-Research & Development: Okay, that's three questions.
Mark J. Schoenebaum - Evercore ISI: No, no, no. It's one question.
Douglas E. Williams, Ph.D. - Executive Vice President-Research & Development: I'm keeping track here. So, let's take the first one, the placebo group and did they behave as expected. It's our view that based on the natural history studies that, yes, they did. And remember that this was a slightly different population in that they were all PET amyloid confirmed. So we had a population that was perhaps slightly different than what the sort of full spectrum in the natural history studies would look like, and I think maybe that's where some of the perception issue comes from. But this was an enriched population of patients based on the fact that they were all amyloid-imaged prior to entering the study. So, that's the first question. The unblinding issue, I'm glad you asked that question because I've heard that several times now. And we feel very confident that that was not an issue in the study for a variety of reasons. Probably the most important is that we anticipated this in the sense that we were aware of other studies with other antibodies where ARIA had been observed. And so as we design the study, we wanted to be sure that we put the appropriate safeguards in place so that this would not be an issue. So we segregated the raters who were looking at the CDR endpoint and the MMSE endpoint, and neither of those raters were the treating physicians. So, they were completely separate from the assessors of clinical results including ARIA. So, we anticipated this. We put the safeguards in place upfront. And I think that that was an important study design aspect. The other piece of information I think is relevant here  if you don't buy that argument, then the other piece is that, frankly, the temporal issues I think also support the fact that it's unlikely that there was any unblinding. Because 92% of the events, the ARIA events that occurred, occurred within the first five doses of administration. We didn't actually see a change in cognition until 12 months, or 54 weeks to be precise. So, there was a significant gap between any of the observed ARIA in these patients and the treatment benefit that we recorded with CDR sum of boxes and the MMSE endpoint. So, that gap in time I think should also give you some comfort. And then with respect to clinical, is ARIA a clinical observation? It's a really good question, Mark. I think it may actually be an indication of biology in the case of our antibody. I think it's difficult to say. What I think is important though is that about two-thirds of the cases of ARIA that we saw had no symptoms associated with them. In those patients, the roughly 35% that did show some symptoms, they were primarily mild to moderate, self-resolving within 4 weeks to 12 weeks. So, I think there's still a lot for us to learn about ARIA and what it means and how we manage patients through that. But it is a question that I think will continue to be explored and the answers will play out over the course of the next several years.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Eric Schmidt with Cowen & Company. Your line is open.
Eric T. Schmidt - Cowen & Co. LLC: Thanks for the question. Doug, just sticking with Alzheimer's, there's also been some concern out there around the six milligram dose cohort that didn't perform as well, at least at 26 weeks. Do you share that concern? And if we don't see improvement at AAIC in the one-year data for the six milligram dose cohort, what could explain lower performance for that arm?
Douglas E. Williams, Ph.D. - Executive Vice President-Research & Development: Our assessment is that the six milligram dose is actually, given the small cohort size, within the range that we would have expected to see. From an amyloid-reduction perspective, it sort of sits in between the 3 milligram and 10 milligram dose at the 26-week timeframe. So, I think we feel pretty comfortable that that dose cohort is behaving roughly in line with what we would have expected based on the other cohorts in the study at that time point. So, no, we don't have concerns that that particular cohort represents an outlier in any way.
Eric T. Schmidt - Cowen & Co. LLC: Cognition as well?
Douglas E. Williams, Ph.D. - Executive Vice President-Research & Development: Well, cognition, I think, again, the real end point or the real question mark will be at the 54-week time point. So, I'm not sure we really saw anything convincing at 26 weeks. The data was within the noise, I think, at 26 weeks. It's at 54 weeks that I think the important data point will emerge.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Chris Raymond with Robert Baird & Company. Your line is open
Chris J. Raymond - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker): Hey, thanks. Just curious on anti-LINGO. You had some data obviously this week, and just curious, your reaction, at the highest 100 mg/kg dose, obviously you're getting into some sizable drug product on a per dose basis when you think about a 70 kilogram patient. I'm just wondering how you think about dosing with that kind of dose level and then potential cost of goods.
Douglas E. Williams, Ph.D. - Executive Vice President-Research & Development: Yeah, let me just sort of frame, the purpose of the study was really a proof of biology study. I think we're not, at the moment, planning to go into acute optic neuritis as an indication per se. But we thought it was an elegant way to assess whether or not we could demonstrate remyelination in man. The 100 mg/kg dose was simply chosen because we were only planning to do a single dose cohort and we chose the top dose that we had looked at in the single ascending dose safety study. So, we wanted to make sure we had adequate drug onboard to see a treatment effect if there was going to be one. And I think we're encouraged now by the fact that we've seen through two different measures of VEP and also looking at the percentage of patients that actually returned to a latency level that looks like normal, which is roughly 2x in the treated group versus the placebo group, that in fact we're convinced that there's remyelination that translates to a benefit in terms of improved latency. So, 100 mg/kg was chosen just as a dose that we could give to make sure we had adequate drug onboard. But we don't believe that that will be the dose. And in fact, the Phase II study that's underway, SYNERGY, is exploring a whole range of doses to allow us to pick the minimum effective dose to take forward hopefully into Phase III studies.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Matt Roden with UBS. Your line is open.
Matt M. Roden - UBS Securities LLC: Great. Thanks very much for taking the question. At AAN, there seemed to be some talk at the BIIB037 poster an about both IV and subcutaneous administrations of BIIB037. Can you give us a sense for whether or not we can see a subcutaneous emerge either in the Phase III later this year or maybe further dosing work in a sort of Phase I level as you go forward? Obviously, it'd be attractive to have a subcutaneous formulation if you had it. Just wondering if you'd give us some update there. Thanks.
Douglas E. Williams, Ph.D. - Executive Vice President-Research & Development: Yeah, I think that you should anticipate that the Phase III study will be given by the same route of administration as the Phase Ib. But you are correct. We're already beginning to think about the benefits to patients of developing a subcutaneous formulation, so I think that that's something that will be in the offing but not likely incorporated into the Phase III program. But it is a patient convenience issue that we're thinking about already.
Matt M. Roden - UBS Securities LLC: If you'd be able to take that forward, would you have to run a bridging study or you wouldn't have to run in a separate Phase III, just a bridging should be fine, if you could advance that?
Douglas E. Williams, Ph.D. - Executive Vice President-Research & Development: I think it's likely to be a bridging study. That would be our assumption at this point. But obviously, that would require confirmation with the regulators.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Geoff Meacham with Barclays. Your line is open.
Geoffrey Meacham - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Hi. Good morning, guys. Thanks for taking the question. Doug, another one for you. In Alzheimer's, it looks like you have a very good idea of the Phase III design. So, is this final meeting with the FDA for sign-off or are there any additional design issues in play? And then, can you give us any perspective on what treatment effect you're looking for or maybe what we should use as a historical benchmark for CDR at 18 months? Thanks.
Douglas E. Williams, Ph.D. - Executive Vice President-Research & Development: Well, yeah, I think the design is not final until it's final. I'm not trying to be cute. But obviously, we're still in active discussion with the regulators. I think we feel like we've really nailed down a lot of the key issues, most of which I have delineated for you in the script a bit earlier. There are, obviously, a few remaining issues that we need to tie down and make sure that we're coordinated with regulatory agencies around the world. So, we want to conduct a program that would support registration in a very broad sense geographically. And then in terms of the treatment effect, again, this is the first time that anyone with an amyloid antibody has seen a treatment effect of this magnitude. I think our goal is to attempt to replicate the Phase Ib data at least at a high level. The specifics around the treatment effect that will be acceptable for registration, I'm not prepared to discuss that at this point. I think once we've finalized all of our negotiations with regulators, we'll have more to say about the study design and get into a bit more details once we begin enrollment.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Terence Flynn with Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Terence C. Flynn - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Hi. Thanks for taking the question. Maybe just one with respect to the gross-to-net in the quarter on TECFIDERA. Just wondering if you can give us any more color about the delta there versus your expectations. And then, should we expect that that's going to continue over the balance of the year? It was a little unclear from your comments. Thank you.
Paul J. Clancy - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Yeah, thanks, Terence. This is Paul. Yeah, we saw the gross-to-net drift upward versus the last four quarters. We had anticipated for a full year coming into 2015 that we'd have a little bit of upward pressure on gross-to-net just as we continued to penetrate managed care contracts. Q1 drifted up for two reasons. The normal Q1 donut hole, et al., and we also just had a adjustment made in the managed care accounts. That resulted in close to a 20% gross-to-net. We expected to drift down about 400 basis points for the subsequent three quarters.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ying Huang with Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Your line is open.
Ying Huang - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Hi. Good morning. Thanks for taking my questions as well. Maybe for Doug, I have a couple for the Alzheimer program. First of all, can you clarify whether you will wait for the titration results before you start the Phase III trial officially for BIIB037? And secondly, do you guys have any data in-house for the correlation between plaque reduction and also the neurocognitive endpoint such as CDR and MMSE from the Phase IIb? Thank you.
Douglas E. Williams, Ph.D. - Executive Vice President-Research & Development: So with respect to titration, our expectation is that we will begin the study prior to reporting out the titration data. I think we have a pretty good handle on the dosing parameters for the study and how we plan to handle that. So, it's our expectation that we won't wait for that data. And then with respect to the correlation between plaque and CDR, I think it's difficult to, in a study of this size, really draw those sorts of direct correlations. Obviously, we'll be looking at those sorts of things to see whether or not plaque reduction per se can be used as a "biomarker" on sort of an interim basis. But I think the study is relatively small to be able to draw those sorts of strong correlations. What I will say is that irrespective of the cohorts that we looked at, and this is from the most recent AAN poster that was presented, whether you're looking at ApoE4 carriers or non-carriers, whether you're looking at mild or moderate patients, the reduction in amyloid appears to be pretty consistent across the spectrum. So, there doesn't appear to be any difference in ApoE4 status influencing amyloid removal nor the stage of disease, roughly breaking it down between mild and prodromal patients.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Matthew Harrison with Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
Matthew K. Harrison - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Great. Thanks for taking the question. Maybe one for Paul and George. Just you've got a substantial cash balance. You've seen some other companies go out and buy some close-to-market neurology assets. We've seen you guys do some early-stage deals but not sort of close-to-market deals. Any thinking or what might change your thinking to pick up an asset which could be closer to market than maybe spending a little bit more money than you typically have? Thanks.
George A. Scangos, Ph.D. - Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah, look, we have no formal strategy that says we're only going to in-license early-stage items. I think when we look at acquisitions from the outside, we look at the data, we look at the market potential, we look at the competitive status and we look at value. And if all those things make sense, then we could go ahead and make an acquisition or in-license a compound. So, I think we try and take a look at these from a scientific and medical perspective to make sure that they're valid from a market perspective, to make sure there's a patient need from a competitive perspective. And then, they have to make sense in term of what we have to pay for what we get. And so, I think those are the filters and, we'll  those are the ones we've used, those are the ones we'll continue to use.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Cory Kasimov with JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Cory W. Kasimov - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Hey. Good morning, guys. Thank you for taking my question. I wanted to go back to Alzheimer's for a minute. I'm curious if you can provide any updates on the progress with your tau inhibitor, when that might enter the clinic. More specifically, last month at AD/PD there's a lot of talk from KOLs about combo strategies in Alzheimer's. So, wondering if you have any pre-clinical data on tau plus a-beta antibodies and just a combination you may evaluate relatively rapidly, or would you wait to see how aducanumab monotherapy plays out first? Thanks.
Douglas E. Williams, Ph.D. - Executive Vice President-Research & Development: This is Doug. We have a couple of different approaches on tau. Both of them are in pre-clinical at the moment. And I would expect that the sort of front-runner amongst those candidates is one of the antibodies that we have under development. Likely to move into the clinic next year would be my best guess at the moment. We're starting to do some of those experiments with combinations, not just with tau antibodies and anti-amyloid antibodies but also beginning to look at the combination of BACE inhibitors with the anti-amyloid antibodies. So I think long term, our view is that this will become a combination market and we're exploring a number of, what I'd characterize as the sort of obvious combinations to look at right upfront. And I think we're fortunate that we've got a collection of these assets that we can begin to mix and match in the preclinical stages to help guide us towards the choices of what makes the most sense to look at once we actually start generating clinical data.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Robyn Karnauskas with Deutsche Bank. Your line is open.
Robyn Karnauskas - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Hi. Thanks for taking my question. So I just want to ask a question about TYSABRI in stroke. I kind of understand the mechanism, maybe you can talk a little bit more about it. But specifically, how quickly will TYSABRI work, do you think, in a patient? So what gives you the confidence that when they get this injection after stroke, that you could see a benefit? And maybe, update on possible timing of the data. Thank you.
Douglas E. Williams, Ph.D. - Executive Vice President-Research & Development: Sure, Robyn. This is Doug. Well, the timing of the data would be the second half of the year. And I think from the standpoint of mechanism, there's actually quite a bit of preclinical data and stroke models either with antibody treatment or knockouts that demonstrate that the size of the infarct is dramatically reduced when you antagonize this pathway. So, what we're going to be looking at in this particular study is two different measures. The first is a reduction in the infarct size, which we would predict to occur based on the biology. The immediate influx after an infarct tends to be neutrophils, followed quickly thereafter within the first 24 hours with a pretty robust lymphocyte infiltrate. And it starts at that lymphocyte infiltrate, contributes to cytokine production that causes further damage and loss of function. So by antagonizing that sort of second influx of lymphocytes, we hope to reduce the infarct size. And we'll be looking at that by imaging five days out. The perhaps more important endpoint that we're also looking at, and obviously it's a relatively small study so we haven't sized it to see it per se, but there are several measures of stroke. There's a rating scale that is used routinely in these types of studies that we'll be looking at day 29 to really assess whether there's any functional benefit in terms of protecting these patients from loss of function as a result of stroke. So, it's really a two-prong study. The first is the imaging endpoint, and that will come fairly quickly and that's where most of the good biology data is. Secondarily though, we'll be actually looking at the performance of these patients either with placebo or TYSABRI to ask the question of whether we've actually shown some benefit from a clinical perspective. And that's what will drive the decision as to whether we move in to Phase III.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Michael Yee with RBC Capital Markets. Your line is open.
Michael J. Yee - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Hey, good morning. Thanks. Just wanted to clarify on the BIIB037 Phase III that you talked about, is it specifically one study in carriers and one in non-carriers and each of those using different doses? And then, you mentioned it was 18 months. Is that just because you want to give confidence or get confidence that there's enough time to separate between the curves? Is that what you're thinking? Thanks.
Douglas E. Williams, Ph.D. - Executive Vice President-Research & Development: Yeah, the two studies will essentially be identical, mirror images of each other, and they will incorporate both carriers and non-carriers into those studies. And you're right, the 18 months is really simply a way of assuring that we have adequate time to capture the treatment effect with the various doses that we'll be testing, both the lower and the higher doses that will be incorporated into the study. So it's been designed really based on the observations from the Phase Ib study in terms of the cadence of the treatment effect, and we think that the 18 months is the appropriate timeframe in which to assess in both carriers and non-carriers of the doses we're planning to go forward with.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Yaron Werber with Citi. Your line is open.
Unknown Speaker: Hi. This is Kumar Hassain (48:21) for Yaron. Thank you for taking my question. For Alzheimer's, will a single primary of CDR-STB sufficient (48:27) and what are the differences in EU and U.S. regulatory requirements? And also, if you can make any comments on IPR and the Patent interference.
Douglas E. Williams, Ph.D. - Executive Vice President-Research & Development: I missed the second question. But the first question on CDR, I think for a population of patients that are largely prodromal but also including some sort of early mild patients, which is what we'll be focusing our attention on in these studies. The CDR endpoint is an accepted endpoint for regulators. It is, remember, a composite score that looks at both cognition and function. And in prodromal patients in particular, you don't actually have functional changes. So it's thought that this is the most appropriate tool for the early spectrum patients in Alzheimer's disease, and that's why regulators have started to accept this as a single primary endpoint in registrational studies, not just in the U.S. but in the EU as well.
George A. Scangos, Ph.D. - Chief Executive Officer & Director: This is George. On the IPR question, we're certainly aware of the IPR that was filed. We have several patents that are protecting TECFIDERA. But we're confident in our IP portfolio, and so we don't think it's going to have an impact on our ability to continue to sell the drug.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line Joseph Schwartz with Leerink Partners. Your line is open.
Joseph P. Schwartz - Leerink Partners LLC: Thanks very much. Maybe one on LINGO. Can you explain to us your thoughts on why you're able to see functional benefits in the absence of seeing anatomic evidence of remyelination? What are your latest thoughts on how useful or not a model of AON is for MS, and how are you thinking about that now versus before you ran the latest experiment?
Douglas E. Williams, Ph.D. - Executive Vice President-Research & Development: Well, the LINGO study that we've reported out on in optic neuritis, I think the anatomical data, just based on where these lesions occur, it's difficult to actually get the sort of imaging confirmation that you can get in MS studies where the lesions are much more visible just because of current MRI technology. So, I think we relied on functional measures of remyelination as opposed to imaging measures just because that was more appropriate in the optic neuritis setting. Our results, I think, give us more confidence going in to the readout from the MS studies. This is, in fact, the first time anyone has reported a treatment effect and the ability to observe remyelination in man. Prior to this study, all we had was some very elegant animal experiments but we'd never really created the linkage of those data to what we can accomplish in man. So, I think the exciting part of the data from the optic neuritis study is that we now have evidence in man looking at a couple of different ways of measuring latency on the optic nerve and also the recovery parameters that I mentioned earlier with double the number of patients getting back to a normal level of latency versus the placebo group. I think the consistency of that data across the various ways we've looked at it gives us added confidence going into the MS study that at least we're influencing the biology we hope to influence. So, we'll just have to wait and see what that data shows us. And as I mentioned in the call, the final data will be available in 2016 in the MS study and tell us a lot more than what we know now about how or if to go forward in MS.
Operator: There are no further questions. I turn the call back over to Dr. Scangos.
George A. Scangos, Ph.D. - Chief Executive Officer & Director: Okay. Thank you all for your questions. Thanks for your attention this morning. And we'll conclude the call.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2014 Q4  (2015-01-29 16:30:00) =====
Executives: Carlo Tanzi - Director, Investor Relations George Scangos  Chief Executive Officer Doug Williams  EVP, Research and Development Tony Kingsley  EVP, Global Commercial Operations Paul Clancy  EVP, Finance and Chief Financial Officer 
Analysts: Eric Schmidt  Cowen Geoffrey Porges  Bernstein Mark Schoenebaum  Evercore ISI Terence Flynn  Goldman Sachs Ravi Mehrotra  Credit Suisse Cory Kasimov  J.P. Morgan Yaron Werber  Citi Geoff Meacham  Barclays Brian Abrahams  Wells Fargo Matthew Harrison  Morgan Stanley Ying Huang  Bank of America Merrill Lynch Michael Yee  RBC Capital Markets Robyn Karnauskas  Deutsche Bank Matthew Roden  UBS Thomas Wei  Jefferies Josh Schimmer  Piper Jaffray Joseph Schwartz  Leerink Partners
Operator: Good afternoon. My name is Courtney and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Biogen Idec Fourth Quarter and Year End 2014 Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. Carlo Tanzi, Director or Investor Relations, you may begin your conference.
Carlo Tanzi: Thank you, and welcome to Biogen Idecs fourth quarter and full year 2014 earnings conference call. Before we begin, I encourage everyone to go to the Investors section of biogenidec.com to find the press release and related financial tables, including a reconciliation of the non-GAAP financial measures that well discuss today. Our GAAP financials are provided in tables one and two. Table three includes a reconciliation of our GAAP to non-GAAP financial results. We believe non-GAAP financial results better represent the ongoing economics of our business and reflect how we manage the business internally. We have also posted slides on our website that follow the discussions related to this call. I would like to point out that we will be making forward-looking statements, which are based on our current expectations and beliefs. These statements are subject to certain risks and uncertainties and our actual results may differ materially. I encourage you to consult our SEC filings for additional detail. On todays call, Im joined by our Chief Executive Officer, Dr. George Scangos; Dr. Doug Williams EVP of Research and Development Tony Kingsley, EVP of Global Commercial Operations; and our CFO, Paul Clancy. Now Ill turn the call over to George.
George Scangos: Thanks Carlo. Good afternoon everyone thank you for joining us today. Sorry we had to move the call at the last minute, but as you can imagine things were little chaotic yesterday morning in Boston. I think we have optimally positioned it between the blizzard and the [indiscernible] discussions that will start [indiscernible]. So you guys have something to fill your, the void. 2014, I think, was a very successful year for Biogen Idec, we brought several new therapies to the market, we had encouraging data from some of the compounds in our pipeline and importantly we delivered 40% revenue growth and 54% non-GAAP EPS growth compared to 2013. In 2014 we launched four new products in two distinct therapeutic areas, which I think is a real accomplishment for a company of our size. TECFIDERA is in its second year on the market in the U.S. In 2014 we successfully launched TECFIDERA in the EU and are continuing to expand preference across the globe. TECFIDERA is now the most prescribed MS therapy in Germany and the most prescribed oral therapy in U.S. with more than a 135,000 people having been treated worldwide. As you all know from the IMS data, TECFIDERA did experience moderating growth in Q4, which we believe is due to a variety of factors that Tony will discuss in more detail. However, we believe that TECFIDERA will continue to grow in the U.S. and it will grow substantially in international markets, so that we anticipate that 2015 will be another year of meaningful growth for TECFIDERA and for our portfolio of MS products in general. PLEGRIDY was approved for the treatment of relapsing MS and launched in both the U.S. and EU in the second half of 2014. Although we are early in the launch, PLEGRIDY appears to be gaining rapid adoption. PLEGRIDY is an important part of our strategy to maintain our leadership position in the interferon segment of the MS market. We also obtained approval and subsequently launched our hemophilia products in the U.S. in 2014. ALPROLIX for hemophilia B and ELOCTATE for hemophilia A. ALPROLIX and ELOCTATE represent the first meaningful innovations in the treatment of hemophilia in many years, and reflect our mission to help bring new therapies to patients who are underserved. In our pipeline, we advanced several potential therapeutic options across a broad set of disease areas, along with our collaboration partner AbbVie, we reported positive results from the Phase 3 trial of ZINBRYTA for relapsing forms of MS, and expect to file for marketing authorization in the first half of the year. We believe ZINBRYTA has the potential to become another important treatment option to serve the diverse needs of MS patients. Our collaboration partner ISIS advanced the spinal muscular atrophy program SMNrx to Phase 3 in both infant and childhood forms of the disease. In December, we announced positive top line results from our Phase 1b trail of BIIB037 in patients with Alzheimers disease, this data are early but we believe theyre compelling and we are aggressively working to advance this program into Phase 3. Earlier this month we announced Phase 2 results for our anti-LINGO antibody in acute optic neuritis. We believe that the data strongly suggest that our anti-LINGO antibody induced remyelination, and were now focused on the data from the MS trial which we expect to have in early 2016. Throughout 2014 we also continued to build our research and development capabilities, by hiring a number of highly accomplished researchers from both academia and industry, and I believe that we now have truly world-class capabilities across the breadth of R&D. That has been a goal for a number of years and is rewarding to have made such a significant progress this year.  In 2000 - excuse me in 2014, we increased the number of promising assets in our pipeline through strategic acquisitions and collaborations with a number of partners including Sangamo, Eisai and most recently Convergence and San Raffaele Hospital. We also made significant progress and advancing our internally developed candidates into the clinic, including the BIIB061 and oral compound in Phase 1 development with the objective of enhancing remyelination. Additionally, Phase 1 studies are ongoing for several novel formulations of dimethyl fumarate, the active ingredient of TECFIDERA, with the goal of achieving once-a-day dosing and potentially reducing side effects. Weve not yet analyzed the data from these trials, but our hope is to move one or more of these formulations forward towards approval. Our bio-similar joint venture Samsung Bioepis continues to make important progress toward our objective of becoming a leader in the development of bio-similar pharmaceuticals. The EMEA recently accepted our application for approval of a bio-similar version of etanercept and we believe that were making excellent progress on other bio-similar molecules as well. Through this JV, we intend to develop high quality bio-similar pharmaceutical, by utilizing our world-class protein engineering and biologics manufacturing capability. Its our belief that bio-similars will become increasingly important in the role of healthcare. And we believe that were well positioned to contribute to this evolution. So all in all, it was a very busy and a very good year. And with that, Ill now pass the call along to Doug.
Doug Williams: Thanks, George. Biogen Idec has a strong and increasingly diverse pipeline. Id like to discuss several of our ongoing programs and the progress we are anticipating during the upcoming year. Our Phase 3 study of TYSABRI and secondary progress of MS known as ASCEND, is fully enrolled. Theres no effective therapies available today for this progressive and debilitating form of MS. ASCEND is a two-year placebo-controlled study in 890 patients that will determine whether or not TYSABRI has an impact on disability progression as measured by a novel composite end point. The study is being conducted under a special protocol assessment with the FDA and we expect the data from ASCEND in the second half of 2015. Were also conducting ACTION, which is a Phase 2 study evaluating TYSABRI in acute ischemic stroke. In this study, we are examining if blocking the lymphocytic infiltration, known to occur in the brain following stroke, can reduce the extent of injury. ACTION is a placebo-controlled study in a 160 patients where brain imaging is used to measure the change in infarct volume compared to Baseline. ACTION is fully enrolled and we expect data later this year. We previously discussed our positive top-line interim Phase 1b results for BIIB037 in Alzheimers disease. Additional BIIB037 study data will be presented at the upcoming ADPD meeting in March, the Phase 1b, BIIB037 study remains ongoing and our current plan is to initiate our Phase 3 program later this year. We also recently announced Phase 2 data from the anti-LINGO RENEW study in acute optic neuritis. We hope to present full data for menu at the upcoming American Academy of Neurology Meeting in April. The second ongoing Phase 2 study evaluating Anti-LINGO in MS patients is fully enrolled and we anticipate obtaining results in 2016 as previously disclosed. We continue to develop Neublastin as a novel biologic therapy for neuropathic pain. Our Phase 2 study in patients with painful lumbar radiculopathy will evaluate whether or not Neublastin has an impact on pain intensity scores. The study is now fully enrolled and results are anticipated in the second half of this year. Enrollment on our STX-100 Phase 2a study in idiopathic pulmonary fibrosis continues, and the study is currently enrolling the fourth and potentially final patient cohort. Through our collaboration with Eisai, weve obtained co-development and co-commercialization rights to two Alzheimers disease candidates, BAN2401, an anti-amyloid BETA monoclonal antibody and E2609 a small molecule BACE inhibitor. BAN2401 is enrolling patients in Phase 2 and Eisai has initiated a Phase 2 study with E2609 in patients with Prodromal AD and mild cognitive impairment due to Alzheimers disease. Weve also made progress in strengthening our pipeline through business development. And earlier this month we announced our agreement to acquire Convergence, a leader in the development of therapeutics for neuropathic pain. Convergences lead program CNV1014802 is a small molecule inhibitor of the Nav 1.7 sodium channel, thats being developed for trigeminal neuralgia. Following completion of the acquisition, we expect to work expeditiously to advance CNV1014802 into registrational clinical programs. This morning, we announce the collaboration with San Raffaele Hospital in Milan, Italy, to develop gene therapy for both hemophilia A and hemophilia B. Our collaborators at San Raffaele are leaders in the use of Lentiviral Based gene therapy approaches. While this technology remains in early research, we believe gene therapy has the potential to provide lifelong benefits to patients with hemophilia. We look forward to continuing to drive R&D progress during the year. Ill now pass the call to Tony.
Tony Kingsley: Thanks Doug. We launched four new products in 2014, and Im proud of the execution of the commercial organization. In 2014, we continue to grow our global MS market share, fueled by the continued rollout of TECFIDERA worldwide, improving performance from TYSABRI and continued strength for our interferon business, including the recent launch of PLEGRIDY. Over the past six months, our data suggested our portfolio has consistently captured roughly half of all newly diagnosis patients and switch patients in the U.S. TECFIDERA continue to demonstrate strong performance, which we believe is a testament towards attractive product profile combining strong efficacy, favorable safety, and tolerability and the convenience of overall administration. We believe TECFIDERA is on track to become the most prescribed therapy for MS worldwide. In the U.S. we saw continued growth through the fourth quarter with its market share near 20%. As you may have seen through IMS, we observed moderating new starts for TECFIDERA in the fourth quarter. We believe several factors have impacted the recent performance of TECFIDERA including a decline in the overall market switch rate. The U.S. label update in December and the recent launch of PLEGRIDY, which is capturing some interferon switches that otherwise, may have gone to TECFIDERA. Importantly, we have not noticed a meaningful change in TECFIDERA discontinuation rates. We are actively engaging physicians to ensure proper education on the label update and we believe in the continued growth potential of the product in the U.S. Out side of the U.S. were continuing to see strong uptick in multiple launch markets matching or exceeding the pace that weve seen in the U.S. In November, we launched TECFIDERA with full reimbursement in the UK and as of January, we secured reimbursement in both Italy and Spain. We continue to expect to achieve full reimbursement across the other major European markets by the end of the year. We believe that PLEGRIDY may become the interferon of choice based on its combination of efficacy of favorable safety profile and every two-week dosing with a convenient sub-Q autoinjector. To-date roughly half of PLEGRIDY prescriptions have come from AVONEX switches. The other half have come from other therapies and from newly diagnosed patients, which we believe is a positive message about the therapys broad appeal. The rollout of PLEGRIDY is expected to continue across Europe in 2015 with launches in most of the major markets anticipated by the end of the year. TYSABRI continues to perform well as the therapy enjoyed its third consecutive quarter of positive net new patient adds, even as the oral therapies have continued to gain share. We believe that this performance is due to the high level of efficacy that TYSABRI provides to patients. Turning to our hemophilia products, we continue to believe that reduced infusion frequency is the largest unmet need for the hemophilia community and that ALPROLIX and ELOCTATE meaningfully address this burden. We are encouraged by the strong up tick of ALPROLIX in the U.S. We believe its value proposition to patients has been relatively straightforward, as the majority of patients starting on ALPROLIX have been choosing the once weekly prophylactic dosing schedule. ALPROLIX ended the year with its market share in the low teens with over 60% of hemophilia treatment centers prescribing the products. The U.S. launch of ELOCTATE has been preceding the plan ending the year with share in the mid-single digits with over 60% of hemophilia treatment centers prescribing after two quarters on the market. As we expected the hemophilia A market, has been more competitive than hemophilia B. Acquiring additional patients will require sustained educational and promotional efforts, but we believe we have the ability to execute on this strategy. I will now pass the call to Paul.
Paul Clancy: Thanks, Tony. Our GAAP diluted earnings per share were $3.74 in the fourth quarter and $12.37 for the full year. Non-GAAP diluted earnings per share in the fourth quarter were $4.09 and $13.83 for the full year. Total revenue for the fourth quarter grew 34% to approximately $2.6 billion and grew 40% for the full year to $9.7 billion. Global fourth quarter TECFIDERA revenue was $916 million. We recorded revenues of $743 million in the U.S. and $173 million outside the U.S. TECFIDERA U.S. sales included 14 shipping weeks in the fourth quarter, this added approximately $50 million to U.S. sales. Foreign exchange offset by hedging weakened TECFIDERA revenue by approximately $7 million for the quarter, versus the prior quarter. Our estimate is that we ended the quarter with approximately 2.5 weeks of inventory in the U.S. wholesale channel, a similar level to last quarter. For the full year world wide TECFIDERA revenues were $2.9 billion consisting of $2.4 billion in the U.S. and $483 million in sales outside the U.S. Interferon revenues including both AVONEX and PLEGRIDY were $777 million during the fourth quarter, which includes $528 million in the U.S. and $249 million in sales outside the U.S. For the full year worldwide interferon revenue grew 2% to $3.1 billion consisting of $2 billion in the U.S. and $1.1 billion in sales outside the U.S. AVONEX U.S. sales included 14 shipping weeks in the fourth quarter, which added approximately $35 million of the U.S. sales. Foreign exchange offset by hedging weakened Q4 interferon revenue by approximately $9 million versus prior quarter. TYSABRI worldwide revenue was $484 million in the fourth quarter these results were comprised of $266 million in the U.S. and $218 million internationally. TYSABRI U.S. sales included 13 shipping weeks in the fourth quarter versus 14 shipping weeks in Q3. Foreign exchange offset by hedging weakened TYSABRI revenue by approximately $9 million for Q4 versus Q3. For the full year, worldwide TYSABRI revenue was approximately $2 billion of which U.S. revenue was $1 billion and $934 million internationally. Moving to hemophilia, ALPROLIX revenue in Q4 was $40 million and $76 million since being launched in May. ELOCTATE revenue in Q4 was $37 million and $58 million since being launched in July. Turning to our anti-CD20 unconsolidated joint business, which includes RITUXAN and GAZYVA U.S. profit share, as well as the profit share on royalties on sales of rituximab outside the U.S. We recorded $305 million for Q4 and $1.2 billion for the full year. Royalties were $31 million for Q4, compared to $67 million in the prior quarter. Our royalty revenues from Angiomax ended on December 15 with the patent expiration. For the full year royalty revenues were $177 million. Now, turning to the expense lines on non-GAAP P&L. Q4 non-GAAP cost of goods sold were $297 million or 11% of revenue. For the full year non-GAAP COGS were $1.2 billion or 12% of revenues. Q4 non-GAAP R&D expense was $409 million or 19% of revenue, which includes approximately $50 million in milestones and other payments related primarily to our JV with Samsung Bioepis and our recent collaboration with Google [x] Life Sciences. For the full year non-GAAP R&D expense was $1.9 billion or 19% of revenue, an increase of 31% over 2013. Q4 non-GAAP SG&A expense was $573 million or 22% of revenue and the full year non-GAAP SG&A expense was $2.2 billion or 23% of revenue, an increase of 30% over 2013. Our Q4 non-GAAP tax rate was approximately 24% for the fourth quarter, as we benefited form the reinstated R&D tax credit. Our full year tax rate was approximately 25%. During the quarter, we made a $200 million CVR payment to the former shareholders of Fumapharm. And in Q4 as part of our ongoing share stabilization plan, we repurchased 1.7 million shares for total of approximately $527 million. Our weighted average diluted shares at the end of the year were $237 million and we ended the year with approximately $3.3 billion in cash and marketable securities, split approximately fifty-fifty between the U.S. and ex-U.S. This brings us to our non-GAAP diluted earnings per share, which again were $4.09 for the fourth quarter and $13.83 for the full year, representing a 54% year-over-year increase. Let me turn to our full year 2015 guidance. In 2015, we plan to provide annual guidance and one update per year during our second quarter earnings. This modest change is intended to synchronize with our internal planning processes and ensure continued focus on the long-term. Now starting with revenues, we expect revenue growth between 14% and 16%. Before I provide color on the products Id like to highlight three factors. First, our plan assumes exchange rates at the recent spot rate. Second, as a reminder, we expect a year-over-year decrease in royalty revenue of approximately $130 million as the royalties on ANGIOMAX sales have expired. And third, our plan assumes our one year free [ph] pricing in Germany for TECFIDERA will end this March and move to a lower price. Now, let me characterize how were thinking about each of our products. Our plan assumes TECFIDERA will represent the largest contributor to our overall revenue growth. In Europe, our plan assumes TECFIDERA will have full reimbursement in the majority of the EU market. For TYSABRI we believe the therapy will continue on a positive patient growth trajectory. We continue to be in discussions with IEPA to resolve the outstanding periods yet a settlement is not included in our 2015 guidance. We believe were well positioned with PLEGRIDY within the interferon and combined with AVONEX our plan assumes, well continue to gain share within this declining segment. For our MS therapies our plan assumes a constant number of shipping weeks of 13 for each of the four quarters in 2015. We believe ALPROLIX and ELOCTATE will continue to grow at a strong pace, as we continue to focus on expanding the depth and breadth of the therapies. Our 2015 plan assumes revenues related to RITUXAN and GAZYVA will grow modestly. R&D expense is expected to be between 19% and 20% of sales, which includes approximately $250 million year mark for business development activity at similar level of spend when compared to 2014. SG&A expense is expected to be approximately 20% to 21% of revenue, as we are now through the commercial ramp of both TECFIDERA and hemophilia therapies we anticipate over 200 basis point improvement in SG&A year-over-year. We anticipate non-GAAP EPS results between $16.60 and $17 and GAAP EPS to be between $15.45 and $15.85. From a cash perspective, we expect to pay over $1 billion in CVR payments to Fumapharm related to the sales of TECFIDERA. And we anticipate capital expenditures of approximately $400 million to $450 million, an increase over 2014 as we invest in our manufacturing capabilities and IT infrastructure. Ill now turn the call over to George for his closing comments.
George Scangos: Thank you, Paul. Okay in closing, we had a very productive year. We gained regulatory data protection for TECFIDERA in the EU and subsequently launched in Europe. We launched PLEGRIDY in the U.S. and Europe and ELOCTATE and ALPROLIX in the U.S., as well as some other countries. We had a good year commercially and financially and we received positive results in some of the important compounds in our pipeline. We started out 2015 with the agreement to acquire Convergence and the collaboration with San Raffaele Hospital. And we expect to complete additional business development transactions during the year. We also expect to see pipeline readouts for several compounds. In addition to the presentations of the data for BIIB037 Anti-LINGO antibody expected in March and April and the completion of the TYSABRI SPMS trial. We expect to see mid stage data for Neublastin in neuropathic pain and TYSABRI in stroke. So this will be another busy year with meaningful milestones, with aggressive goals and all aspects of the business and well continue to do our best to achieve them. So in closing and as always Id like to thank our employees for a dedicated to making positive impact on patient lives, and the patients and physicians who are involved in our clinical development programs. The achievements weve made together could not have been realized without their passion and commitment. I thank you all for joining us this afternoon. And operator, well now open up the call for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Eric Schmidt with Cowen. Your line is open.
Eric Schmidt: Thanks for taking my question and congrats on a great 2014. Maybe for Paul on the ex-U.S. TECFIDERA trajectory, it sounds like the drug is now number one in Germany and that youre quite optimistic for a lot of growth ex-U.S. in 2015, yet we think the numbers came in a little bit below consensus, you flagged this $7 million FX hit. But was there anything else on TECFIDERA that credit maybe a little bit of a weaker ex-U.S. sales number?
Paul Clancy: No, nothing meaningful ex-U.S., I mean were actually very happy with how things are moving along ex-U.S. as you had noted. Our challenge to our organization is that every country that we get reimbursement and we do better than the [prior] [ph] we actually were able to better in terms of launch curve at time equal to zero in Germany than the United States, and we hope to do it as we kind of go to every other country, thats obviously an aspiration more than anything else, so nothing too meaningful in terms of the trends to point out.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Geoffrey Porges with Bernstein. Your line is open.
Geoffrey Porges: Thanks very much and congratulations on the results. I appreciate the detailed guidance. I just want to ask about BIIB037 still getting questions about that, and you provided some useful color, first out of the year, but could you just talk a little bit about specifically where youre going with the dose and I am thinking about the Phase 3 trials and discussions that youre having, when might you have those discussions with the FDA and when might be have a physician to sort of talk about what the trials look like, the scope and that sort of thing?
Doug Williams: Hi, Geoff, this is Doug. Thanks for the question. There is not a lot of additional color that I can provide to you vis--vis the final study design going into Phase 3. As you can imagine, were in the process of having discussions with regulators. In fact, weve been having them for some time as weve been seeing the data emerge from the study. I think its safe to say that our intent going forward will be to try to design a study that most faithfully reproduces the type of patient that we treated in the Phase 1b study, as well as looking at similar endpoints, as you know from a cognition perspective we achieve statistical significance on the CDR sum of boxes, which is a registrational endpoint. The base inhibitor for AstraZeneca and Lilly is actually using that as a Phase 3 endpoint in prodromal and mild patients. So I think you can anticipate a Phase 3 program that will have similar patients entering the study, screened in a similar fashion upfront and the final study design we will talk about at the time we start enrolling patients, thats our usual practice. I dont see any reason to break profile for this particular molecule.  With respect to the choice of dose, as you know the study is still underway, we still have a couple of cohorts that remain blinded and until we see that data, we wont be able finalize the exact dosing regimen except reiterating, what Al said at J.P. Morgan, which is we believe we have a dosing window that we can work with from both a safety perspective, but more importantly from what looks like a treatment effect perspective, as well. So a lot more information at the ADPD meeting about the results that weve been able to look at, but the study design issues are very much in process right now. And well let you know what those studies are going to look like at the time we enroll the fist patient.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mark Schoenebaum with Evercore ISI. Your line is open.
Mark Schoenebaum: Hi, thank you very much. Just a follow-up on the Alzheimers question, if I may, why did you guys choose not to use ADAS-Cog as a cognitive endpoint. And then the two cognitive endpoints that you did, look at mini mental, or the two endpoints, if you look at mini mental I believe sum of the boxes. Doug, theres been this debate on WallStreet regarding Lilly as to clinical significance versus statistical significance, Id love to get your view of what would constitute a clinically significant benefit in the mini-mental and the sum of the boxes. Thanks a lot.
Doug Williams: Okay. So we choose not to use ADAS-Cog because I think its now the view of the field that thats probably a better tool to use for patients who are further down the disease spectrum. That CDR is I think now becoming much more accepted as a preferred primary end point for studies that focus on patients with Prodromal and mild disease. That seems to be the pattern thats emerging. If you look at what the primary end points for studies in those cohorts of patients, actually are using with the Lilly study being just an example of that. The issue of what constitutes clinical significance is one that obviously is something that well be discussing with regulators. Our view based on our decision to go right from Phase 1B to Phase 3 is that we believe weve seen a treatment effect that is significant enough and our advisors believe this to be the case to meet the criteria in most peoples minds for clinical significance and not just statistical significance.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Terence Flynn with Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Terence Flynn: Hi, thanks for taking the question. Two part one for me. Just in terms of your guidance on the Interferon franchise, Paul, just wondering you mentioned you expect to take share in a declining market, which weve heard similar commentary from you guys in the past, but do you actually think that can be a growth franchise for you this year. And then the second part of that is just implications of the entry of Daclizumab and longer-term Ocrelizumab and impact on your injectable franchise? Thank you.
Paul Clancy: Yes, I think well probably end up tag teaming this one a little bit Terence. I think its being growth is probably a little bit of a stretch. So I mean I think the reason weve been a little bit cautious on kind of phrasing it up that way is this - obviously an interplay of how fast orals move along which effects Interferon, which so and if orals dont move along as fast I think the Interferon franchise will hang in there. Its not unheard of. Its just - I think its early days right now, but over  look, conceptually we do believe theres something special about PLEGRIDY and that once every two weeks subcu is so much more favorable than any of the other Interferons and potentially COPAXONE as well. So well have to see whether or not that turns into the combination of AVONEX and PLEGRIDY growing. But were hoping at a minimum it hangs in there.
Tony Kingsley: Terence, its Tony. Let me hit dac first, look we think dac is a very good compound and it certainly as a place in the market. I'm not sure I would think of it - look we dont have the label yet, so there is some things that we dont know. It wouldnt necessarily think of it as an injectable in the sense of the platform therapy as we think of them today in that it has - it appears to have a different efficacy profile, so it may play in some broader segments than the existing platform therapies do. In terms of ocrelizumab again we have to wait and see, there is - we hear interest in the market as I am sure you do from physicians that it looks like it could be an interesting, very much in the high efficacy segment, but well have to wait and see how that product plays out and where it fits versus TYSABRI and some of the other alternatives.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ravi Mehrotra with Credit Suisse. Your line is open.
Ravi Mehrotra: Hi, thanks for taking my question and I apologize up front where were going to ask you to do our job one level. On TECFIDERA looking at long-term consensus numbers, I know these numbers are no easy, looks like the average 20-20 estimates around $9 billion implying a global market share of around 40% interested in your view on whether youre seeing the streak may have got ahead of itself here or if you think that TECFIDERA is likely to get to those levels of market share?
Doug Williams: Gosh, Ravi, I mean, we dont give long-term guidance out there and so I think were going to kind of stay at that as it is, and let people come to their same conclusions. We think theres still a very meaningful growth with TECFIDERA thats embedded in the guidance for this year, but I wouldnt want to kind of really comments on the bunch of models over a long period of time.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Cory Kasimov with J.P. Morgan. Your line is open.
Cory Kasimov: Hi, good afternoon thanks for taking my question. In your prepared remarks, you alluded to the ongoing Phase 1 studies for several novel forms of MMF and, Im just wondering if theres anything you can say about how these molecules differ from TECFIDERA and when you maybe in a position to provide some data on that? Thanks.
Doug Williams: Let me be clear. Were not testing formulations of MMF were testing formulations of DMF, which is the active ingredient of TECFIDERA. And DMF is DMF, but the formulations are different and look the intent is to get through once-a-day formulation, potentially reduce the GI side effects. So well - we have several formulations in Phase 1 now we have others behind those and were hopeful to be able to bring forward one of them to the market.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Yaron Werber with Citi. Your line is open.
Yaron Werber: Great, thanks for taking my question. So I have a question of, Tony if you dont mind sort of two of them. One is weve been doing a lot of work on biosimilars and were trying to figure out your view of what happens to the ABCR class, when Copaxone goes generic, so what would happen lets say to the interferon class? And then secondly, you mentioned, there is three different reasons TECFIDERA was weaker, it was - or weaker or slowing down in terms of new patient adds, there was a decline in switching U.S. label change and a PLEGRIDY launch. Of the three, which one was the most important? Thank you.
George Scangos: Good, good, two part of question your own. So let me
Tony Kingsley: You move into the fact of...
George Scangos: Look, Copaxone, I think weve been consistent on that. We think U.S. private payer market, the impact of a generic Copaxone is largely unbranded Copaxone. Its difficult for payers to see or certainly to convince physicians if there is therapeutic substitutability between [indiscernible] and the interferon. So I think thats where we are on that. And thats pretty consistent with what we said in the past. On TECFIDERA, look actually you hardened the piece apart, probably the Paul said, we expect the product to grow, but we would see some moderation in growth next year. I think we what is said that in any case for the first reason, which is the switch rate in the market in the U.S. has come down over the last three or four quarters. Weve talked about that I think again pretty consistently. When TECFIDERA launched in the U.S., and were seeing this repeat outside the U.S. It doubled or tripled the switch rate for proto time and thats been working its way down over time.
Yaron Werber: One other thing Id add to it. Weve always said in the past that over time, we think IMS the data that you all see is pretty accurate. Its actually been accurate on a short-term basis as well. So I think you can kind of look at the trends of the IMS scripts kind of in the Q3 and Q4 and you can kind of interpret things, PLEGRIDY launched effectively in the first week of November and you can kind of discern a little bit. I think at the end of the day, you look at and say a lot of these things all happen at the same time.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Geoff Meacham with Barclays. Your line is open.
Geoff Meacham: Good afternoon guys, thanks for taking the question. I just had one on LINGO. I know you guys, obviously, just got the data this month, but when you look beyond AN, will there be much more data internally or over four year publicly released MS data. I guess I am just trying to get us feel for what youre ultimately be looking for in Phase III effect size wise. And what you can in fact address this year with regulators before you start a formal pivotal in MS. Thanks.
Doug Williams: Hi, Jeff, this is Doug. I think there is not a lot of additional data from the acute optic neuritis study that were going to see I think youll see the majority of the data as much as we can cram into 115 minute platform presentation or at least I hope its a platform presentation at AAN. Its likely that there will be some additional data cuts that we will sort of trickle out at subsequent medical meetings, but I think you get a clear sense of what weve seen in that data where the acute optic neuritis at AAN. The MS study as we talked about in a previous earnings call that study is ongoing, it is fully enrolled now. Our intent is to actually have a small group of us internally, see some of that data at the 12-month time point later this year, which we will use as a basis to begin to have some of those discussions with regulators. So I think that what were able to see in that data will teach us a lot about which of the various end points where measuring in that study, actually show the best correlation with remyelination. As you know, this is the first of its kind study where we are assessing the impact of remyelination on patients with MS. And so were looking at a variety of end points everything from EDSS to cognition to certainly ambulatory parameters. We have a number of imaging end points built into the study. And from that analysis, we hope to be able to piece out what the most sensitive clinical measures of remyelination are, so that we can go to regulators and start discussing what a Phase 3 end point might actually look like. So as we said in the previous call, there will be a small group of us that will see that data and that will allow us to determine how to have a conversation with regulators. We plan to keep the study blinded through to the full 18-month time point, which means that full data disclosure won't come until sometime in 2016 for the full data set. So that thats what you can anticipate playing out over the course of the next 12 to 18 months.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Brian Abrahams with Wells Fargo. Your line is open.
Brian Abrahams: Thanks for taking my question. A question for Tony, you mentioned one of the causes for the TECFIDERA slowdown recently, has been the label change, but interestingly youre not seeing any increase in discontinuations, which I guess youd presumably get with more aggressive lymphocyte monitoring. So I'm curious what are you seeing in terms of physician reactions to the PML case that might be slowing uptake? And what sorts of educational initiatives do you think will be needed to help physicians work around this?
Tony Kingsley: Thanks, good question. I think the educational initiatives are underway, which is we have our sales forces out, talking new broad set of physicians, our medical team is providing support where there are request. So I think we are executing it and educating people to the label and what the label says and answering those questions. A part of the impact when youve something like this is the time that takes to get, you can get to a small set of physicians quickly, and you tend to get to the KOLs quickly, its the time to get to the broader community base. So we think we have the right education in place. We have to keep executing and making sure that that continuously happen. Look the lack of meaningful change that we see or we believe were seeing in the discount rate is encouraging because it doesnt suggest there is such a change in the profile that people are anxious to pull patients off on the country. Look I think naturally in a case like this is people are processing the new label. Youll see softness in the switch rate for a period of time and that is probably what accounts for.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Matthew Harrison with Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
Matthew Harrison: Great, thanks for taking the question. Just on BIIB037, so first can you just clarify, earlier you mentioned, only mentioned CDR Sum of boxes is - significant cognition end point. Was it just that or it was that an MMSc? And then should we expect to see or what should we expect to see in the abstract, will there be any significant data there, or is it mostly a placeholder? Thanks.
George Scangos: Well, with respect to the statistical significance, we did achieve that with both the CDR Sum of boxes and with the MMSc. So I believe we did clarify that at the JPMorgan meetings in January. And with respect to whats in the abstract, I havent actually seen it myself. So I cant answer the question. I think there wont be enough to satisfy you in the abstract anyways. So I think the real answer to the question is going to come out of the presentation itself because there will be a lot more information there than there will be in the abstract.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ying Huang with Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Your line is open.
Ying Huang: Thanks for taking my question as well. So maybe a housekeeping question for Paul. You mentioned that IMS data in the short term was pretty accurate, but it seems you guys did a better job in several drug in the U.S. for TECFIDERA. So I was wondering can you quantify where it was I guess short. And then can you quantify also the exact inventory level, I know its 2.5 weeks from Q3 to Q4. And then just curious your view also on the outcome is, I guess [indiscernible]. It seems that you guys dont feel very strong about the MS product. Thanks.
Paul Clancy: Thanks Huang. Yes, I am not sure what question is on the clarification for MS, I think youre referring to something outside the U.S. and weve really dont have a clear picture outside the United States. So IMS what I was referring is within the United States and just on a more of a week-to-week basis. We kind of see it as pretty accurate vis--vis our data that we have from SPTs going to patients.
Ying Huang: Okay.
Doug Williams: And I think with respect to the MMF prodrug situation, I think there are certainly two programs that are in the clinic at the moment that were aware of that are moving along, still very early. I think George pointed out the distinction between DMF and MMF and we think thats an important distinction because its quite clear from a number of studies that weve carried out that the biologic response at least in pre-clinical settings to MMF is distinct from DMF. And so, it remains to be proven that the ability to replicate the safety and efficacy profile that we see with TECFIDERA, which is DMF can in fact be replicated with these MMF prodrugs. So I think thats - what the hurdle is for those programs moving forward and its still far too early I think to access how successful those are going to be.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Michael Yee with RBC Capital Markets. Your line is open.
Michael Yee: Thanks. A follow-up question on BIIB037, there has been recent phase to readouts, I guess most recently with Lilly, and weve all seen a 34% improvement and cognition there. It has carvedilol [ph] MMSE. So can you help us to frame that data with why youre suggest up with your data, but I guess also when we see your presentation, how much information will we get, I know there is more information than - a more follow up beyond just the interim, so help us to understand what were seeing there.
Doug Williams: Well, I think, with respect to our data, which is what Ill focus the answer to the question on. I think what youll see I think is the actual numbers behind the statements that we made. There is a clear dose and time dependent reduction in beta-amyloid levels that weve seen in these patients. There is a dose dependent and statistically significant impact on cognition as measured by two parameters, both CDR sum of boxes as well as the MMSE endpoint. And what youll also see I believe is data to support the notion that we put forward that we believe we have a safety window to work with vis--vis the area that we have seen with our molecule. Thats also been seen with some of the other anti-beta amyloid antibody. So I think that the data that weve seen, the data weve talked about at least in verbal form is compelling enough and consistent enough for us to want to move the program as rapidly as we can from Phase 1B into Phase 3. And I think that youll hopefully get a clear sense of the treatment effect that weve seen and the consistency of the results across the various parameters we measure. It was enough to convince us to make the lead from 1B right into Phase 3.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Robyn Karnauskas with Deutsche Bank. Your line is open.
Robyn Karnauskas: Hi guys, thanks for taking my question. I guess Ill ask a hemophilia question, one really hasnt come up. So you just talked a little bit about its being competitive in the factory base. Help us to think about like what youre doing to maybe increase switching and should we just expect even in the steady growth of that product or could there be an acceleration in the back of the year after maybe you change some of the marketing or anything like that? Thanks.
George Scangos: Good. Robyn as Tony said if I look back to before we launched both the products, I think we both said, we couldnt predict the launch curve that well, but we go with even and steady might be was ALPROLIX got off to a faster start because its a very straightforward proposition for physicians. For patients you have a pretty friendly group of patients in the fampridine market and theres zero competitor responsible. Weve said that we think the ELOCTATE in fact really is going two plan as weve expected to which is you have to take captures and early adaptors, you have to have - those patients have good experience, so that they can - its a big market they can activate other people. So were continuing to execute on patient education, but a lot of it is calling on the hemophilia treatment centers explaining - the label explaining the data talking to both nurses and physicians. So I think its pretty consistent with the way weve talked about it historically. It takes a lot of good hard execution, but we like the product profile. We think over time you build that virtue a cycle of - patients have good experience, physicians have good experience and you get increased adoption over time. So I think were on a steady march - try to convert that market and I think we have a good product and good ability to do that.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Matthew Roden with UBS. Your line is open.
Matthew Roden: Great, thanks very much for taking the question. I hope you guys are all dug out from all the snow.
George Scangos: A little soon...
Matthew Roden: Yes. So Doug, you mentioned in Alzheimers staying faithful to the patient population as you move forward, so that prompted me the wonder whether or not they start seeing improvement in cognition style [ph] was in the Prodromal patients or the early AD patients are both, and also whether or not the statistic was on a intent-to-treat basis. Thank you.
Doug Williams: Yes, with respect to the study itself again I keep pointing you in the direction of the presentation. I dont want to disclose any additional information about the study itself beyond what weve talked about so far. And again with respect to the design of Phase 3, well be trying to faithfully replicate the population of patients that we treated in the Phase 1b study and the Phase 3. So it will be a Prodromal and mild population of patients. I think you can anticipate that we will do a similar of type of entry screening to what we did in Phase 1b to confirm that the patients actually have the target for the drug as a pre requisite to enrolling them into the study, and beyond that Ill just stay silent until we present the actual dataset in March.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Thomas Wei with Jefferies. Your line is open.
Thomas Wei: Thanks, just a follow-up on BIIB037. Just from whatever work youve done or when you look at the overall literature, do you think you believe that the BETA amyloid pieces could lead to improvements in cognition or are really just looking for slowing or stabilization of cognitive decline?
Alfred Sandrock: Its a really good question. I think we dont actually know the answer to that question. Its testable, if in fact you have an agent that both removes amyloid and does in fact, show improvements in cognition, at least the rate of the decline versus the control population. And my bias and my guests is that what were looking at is something a kin to disease modification with DMTs and MS, which is a hopefully a major slowing in the decline of these patients overtime. Whether in fact we can treat them and reverse some of the damage thats been done. I think is an unknown at this point, but obliviously the long-term follow-up studies would be designed to try to answer those sorts of questions over a longer duration of treatment than what were likely to do in the Phase 3 program. So I think the hope is there, but at the moment, I think its a hope.
George Scangos: Tom, this is George. Its a question that we also I think is a very important. Look weve one year data on patients and its a long-term disease. And so we just on have enough data yet to answer that question. I think when you see the data that we present in March we can have a more, lets say intelligent discussion about that topic. But its hard to see anything meaningful in the absence of the data.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Josh Schimmer with Piper Jaffray. Your line is open.
Josh Schimmer: Thanks for taking the question I'm going to ask the Gene Therapy Consortium, is the hemophilia program going to be first experience of an in vivo, use of antivirus and what gives you confidence in the safety and efficacy of this approach? Thanks.
Doug Williams: The question is with respect to the gene therapy. Josh can you just repeat the question, you were breaking up.
George Scangos: Yes, youre breaking up there.
Josh Schimmer: Im sorry, so I was just wondering is this the first experience with in vivo introducing antivirus to support purpose of gene therapy and what gives you the confidence that the in vivo approach will be both safe and efficacious.
Doug Williams: Yes, Josh, this is Doug. I think the deal we announced today is in fact using lentiviral in a systemic delivery mode. Its still a very early program, but one that we have looked at and one for which were excited to be working with Luigi Naldini, who is one of the leaders in this area. Its an early program hes got intriguing data at the moment using a vector system that they have designed, theres still a number of technical hurdles to overcome with this. But it does direct expression into the liver and one of the advantages with lentiviral vectors is that, number one, you obviate some of the issues that you have with AAV vectors, which involved pre-existing immunity to the vector system itself. And its also a very long-term expression that youre capable of getting with that vector system. So Luigi is one of the pioneers in this area, we think that if we can make this a successful approach that it really is a transformational approach from a gene therapy perspective given how broadly you could treat patients with both factor VIII and factor IX deficiency. So still pre-clinical, but I think very much with transformational type of therapy if we can bring it forward and make it work.
Carlo Tanzi: Operator, well take one more question.
Operator: Your last question comes from the line of Joseph Schwartz with Leerink Partners. Your line is open.
Joseph Schwartz: Thanks very much for fitting me in. Youve been using some innovative patient screening methodologies in the Phase 1b for BIIB037 such as automating PET amyloid quantification and focusing on certain regions of the brand. I was wondering if you could talk a little bit about these tools in terms of how they could influence who will be eligible for receiving the drug. If it comes to market, are you planning to develop a companion diagnostic to can it be commercialized along side BIIB037?
Tony Kingsley: Well, at the moment what we are using is an agent that is in fact already licensed and available in the market. Its AV-45 as a screening tool for patients coming into the study. We thought that that was an important way of screening patients upfront to confirm that in particular patients with mild cognitive impairment. There are many reasons why that could happen, amyloid-beta deposition being just one of them. So confirming that the patients actually have the target for our drug upfront, we believe it was an important way of enriching the population of potential responders. And as we carried out the study, I think that was confirmed because our screen failure rate was probably on the order of 30% to 40%, meaning that even though these patients had cognitive impairment, it didnt actually have BETA amyloid deposition at a level that was detectable with the screening reagents. So they were eliminated from the study, they could arguably never have responded to our drug anyways. So we needed to actually get them out of the study upfront. How this plays out with respect to the eventual labeling of the drug? My guess is that it will become standard practice to actually screen patients with early stages of Alzheimers with either AV-45, which is available or something a kin to that and a kin to that, I mean there are CSF levels of a beta that can be looked at as well. Someway of screening patients upfront to confirm that their disease, their cognitive impairment is caused by BETA amyloid deposition, I think, will become part of the treatment paradigm. So whether its a bio assay based on CSF or whether its an imaging approach like weve used, I do believe that that will be an essential part of the treatment paradigm going forward, to confirm that these drugs are being used in the right patients.
George Scangos: Okay. So with that I think well bring the call to an end. So thank you all for your flexibility and being with us this afternoon. And thanks for all your interest and we can all get back to work.
Operator: This concludes todays conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2014 Q3  (2014-10-22 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Claudine Prowse  Vice President-Investor Relations George A. Scangos  Chief Executive Officer Tony Kingsley  Executive Vice President, Global Commercial Operations Paul J. Clancy  Executive Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer Douglas E. Williams  Executive Vice President, Research and Development Alfred W. Sandrock  Group Senior Vice President, Chief Medical Officer
Analysts: Eric Schmidt  Cowen and Company Salim Syed  ISI Group Brian Abrahams  Wells Fargo & Company Geoffrey Porges  Sanford C. Bernstein Terence C. Flynn  Goldman Sachs Group Inc. Christopher Raymond  Robert W. Baird & Co. Matthew Harrison  Morgan Stanley Robyn S. Karnauskas  Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. Ravi Mehrotra  Credit Suisse Ian Somaiya  Nomura Securities Co., Ltd. Matthew Roden  UBS Securities LLC Yaron Werber  Citigroup 
Operator: Good morning. My name is Tiffany and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Biogen Idec Q3 2014 Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. (Operator Instructions) Thank you. Claudine Prowse, VP, Investor Relations, you may begin your conference.
Claudine Prowse: Thank you, and welcome to Biogen Idecs third quarter 2014 earnings conference call. Before we begin, I encourage everyone to go to the Investors section of biogenidec.com to find the press release and related financial tables, including a reconciliation of the non-GAAP financial measures that well discuss today. Our GAAP financials are provided in tables one and two. Table three includes a reconciliation of our GAAP to non-GAAP financial results. We believe non-GAAP better represents the ongoing economics of our business and reflects how we manage the business internally. Weve also posted slides on our website that follow the discussions related to this call. I would like to point out that we will be making forward-looking statements, which are based on our current expectations and beliefs. These statements are subject to certain risks and uncertainties and our actual results may differ materially. I encourage you to consult our SEC filings for additional detail. On todays call, Im joined by our Chief Executive Officer, Dr. George Scangos; Tony Kingsley, our Head of Global Commercial Operations; and our CFO, Paul Clancy; Doug Williams, our Head of R&D; and Al Sandrock, our Chief Medical Officer. Our traveling overseas will be available for Q&A. Now, Ill turn the call over to George.
George Scangos:  Okay, thanks Claudine and thanks to all of you for joining us today. Biogen Idec had another great quarter in which our products continued to perform well, and during which we achieved several key milestones. Our underlying business remains strong as we enter into a period of anticipated growth, resulting from the introduction of several new therapies in MS and hemophilia. As Paul will review, third quarter financial performance was strong with 37% growth in revenues and 61% growth in diluted non-GAAP EPS year-over-year. Our core multiple sclerosis franchise continued to capture share with an increasing number of patients using our therapies. We believe that our product portfolio of disease modifying MS products, including TECFIDERA, TYSABRI, AVONEX, and now PLEGRIDY truly differentiates Biogen Idec as a global leader in the treatment of MS. TECFIDERA continues to gain market share in the U.S. and uptick has been strong in European countries, where it has been launched. TECFIDERA is the number one oral MS treatment in the U.S. and with many more launches to come around the world, we believe that it has the potential to be a market leader in many countries. According to our estimates, TECFIDERA has treated over 100,000 patients globally within just 18 months of the U.S. launch, and only six months since EU approval. This is an impressive milestone to reach and we believe that it reflects a broad recognition by physicians and patients that TECFIDERA is a unique product that offers strong efficacy with a favorable tolerability and safety profile along with the convenience of oral administration. We would like to inform you that we have confirmed the case of PML in a patient being treated with TECFIDERA, who recently died from complications of pneumonia. Despite this project loss, we believe that the overall positive benefit risk profile of TECFIDERA remains unchanged. The patient was treated with TECFIDERA for 4.5 years as part of the ENDORSE study. During the course of therapy, the patient experienced severe lymphopenia that lasted for over 3.5 years. Lymphopenia is a known risk factor for PML, and can be caused by a number of factors including treatments for MS, cancer, HIV. The current TECFIDERA label includes warnings and precautions regarding lymphopenia. Weve reported the case to the regulatory authorities and well work with them to confirm that the language in our label provides patients and their physicians appropriate information regarding lymphopenia. Moving on, AVONEX continues to be a very strong part of our business, and we believe that the Interferon franchise will continue to remain solid with the anticipated launch of PLEGRIDY in the U.S. With an attractive clinical profile and every two week subcu dosing, we believe that PLEGRIDY has the potential to be the leader in the Interferon class. Were optimistic about the future of TYSABRI as physicians continue to view this product as an important high efficacy treatment option. We believe the high level of efficacy, the increasing understanding of the benefits of risk stratification, and the potential of TYSABRI and other indications such as SPMS and Stroke, all bode well for its long-term growth. Weve now launched both of our hemophilia therapies, ALPROLIX and ELOCTATE, in the U.S. Although, hemophilia is a new therapeutic area for Biogen, we believe that were well-positioned to succeed. Were the first-to-market with long-acting products and we bring tremendous expertise in Biologics Manufacturing and Process Sciences, and weve built a hemophilia organization comprised of many individuals with years of experience in the treatment of hemophilia for communicating the clinical benefit of ALPROLIX and ELOCTATE to physicians. We continue to advance our R&D efforts. At last months ECTRIMS meeting, we highlighted our continued leadership in MS and ongoing commitment through advancing patient care. We presented several analyses of TECFIDERAs positive real-world patient experience, as well as longer-term data from the ENDORSE study, demonstrating sustained patient efficacy. ENDORSE data indicated a favorable overall safety profile, including data from some patients who were treated for up to 7.5 years. Other presentations, including data reaffirming the powerful efficacy of TYSABRI, two-year data for PLEGRIDY demonstrating sustained efficacy and a compelling safety profile, full Phase III results for Daclizumab HYP, as well as supportive data for Anti-LINGO in acute optic neuritis. Our pipeline continues to move forward, and we have strengthened our research and development capabilities even further by hiring a number of highly accomplished scientists. Chris Henderson has joined the Company as Head of Neurology Research. Chris formerly was Professor of Neurology, Pathology, and Cell Biology, Director of the Stem Cell Initiative and Co-Director of the Motor Neuron Center at Columbia University Medical School. Richard Ransohoff also has joined as Vice President of Neuro-Immunology Research. He previously was Director of the Neuroinflammation Research Center and Professor of Molecular Medicine at the Cleveland Clinic. Don Johns recently joined the Company to head our ALS initiative. Dr. John previously was Head of Neuroscience Translational Medicine at Novartis. And Olivier Danos recently joined Biogen Idec to head Gene Therapy Research. He previously was Senior Vice President at Kadmon Pharmaceuticals and prior to Kadmon led the Gene Therapy Consortium at University College London. With these new hires, weve meaningfully strengthened our R&D capabilities in our areas of expertise and natural adjacencies. Now Ill pass the call over to Tony.
Tony Kingsley: Thanks, George. Our commercial organization continued to execute and deliver strong results during the third quarter. Starting with MS, during the quarter Biogen Idec executed our MS franchise strategy, and as a result, we continued to grow our global MS market share. TECFIDERAs launch trajectory in the U.S. was sustained through the third quarter as this therapy continued to grow. TECFIDERA continue to capture share while attracting a broadening set of patients from the MS population. Year-to-date, our market research suggests that TECFIDERA is capturing approximately a third of all new patient starts and over 40% of patient switching therapies. As a result, we estimate TECFIDERAs market share in the U.S. ended the quarter in the high-teens. Outside of the U.S., the roll out of TECFIDERA continues and weve now secured reimbursement in 10 countries. In countries where TECFIDERA has been launched, patient uptake has been broad and strong. TECFIDERA is now the number one prescribed oral MS therapy in Germany. TECFIDERA is also available in a number of other countries with limited reimbursement and we continue to expect to achieve full reimbursement across most of the major EU markets in 2015. In a market where oral therapies are growing rapidly, our Interferon franchise saw 2% year-over-year revenue growth. Q3 revenues included AVONEX and early PLEGRIDY revenues from Europe. AVONEX continued to perform well within the Interferon therapies. With our continued focus, we believe AVONEX has captured meaningful share of new patient starts and has exhibited strong performance within the evolving MS landscape. The PLEGRIDY launch in Europe is underway with the initial launch in Germany and Denmark. Physician awareness of PLEGRIDY is high, and we believe the products efficacy and dosing make it an attractive option in the Interferon class. In Germany, we gained favorable reimbursement for PLEGRIDY. PLEGRIDY does not need to go through the AMNOG process and has been priced within the band of other Interferon 8018 therapies. In the U.S., we are prepared for an early November launch of PLEGRIDY. Weve completed sales force training, established contracts with specialty pharmacies, and prepared the financial and patient support programs for a successful launch. Now turning to TYSABRI. TYSABRI has continued to demonstrate strong performance. Patient and physician demand for TYSABRI is solid as the therapy enjoyed its second consecutive quarter of positive net new patient adds. In the U.S. retention rates have improved the levels seen prior to the launch of TECFIDERA. We believe TYSABRI continues to be viewed by neurologist as a therapy of choice for patients requiring high efficacy. In addition, we believe the TYSABRI has benefited from physicians improved understanding of patient management. The hemophilia launches are off to a solid start as weve said success is a new entrant as this market will require several things. Establishing Biogen Idec is a credible and committed partner to the community. Activating early adopters among patients who see the benefits of the dosing schedule in prophylaxis regiments, educating hemophilia treatment centers and providing support services to ensure patients can get rapid access to products. Our experience to date suggest were making good progress on all of these fronts and we believe, we can reinforce that positive experience to extend use over time to a broader set of patients. Starting with ELOCTATE, the patient and physician awareness for ELOCTATE is high in weeks into the launch. Were building strong relationships with customers in achieving our early goals of reach and frequency with hemophilia treatment centers or HTCs. As of the end of the quarter based on our data approximately 50% of all HTCs have prescribed ELOCTATE, suggesting broad interest in longer acting therapies across the market. ELOCTATE is also widely available through specialty pharmacies and were pleased with the status of reimbursement at this stage. ALPROLIX is also seeing strong demand in broad interest from patients and physicians through the end of the quarter, approximately 55% of HTCs have prescribed ALPROLIX. We believe that the early adopters initiating ALPROLIX have primarily been existing prophylactic patients and have been largely choosing the once weekly prophylactic dosing schedule. Acquiring additional patients with hemophilia will require sustained educational and promotional efforts, but we believe we have the ability to execute. We continue to believe that reduced infusion frequency is the largest unmet need for the hemophilia community and then ALPROLIX and ELOCTATE have attractive product profiles to address this burden. Our goal is to become market leaders in the mid to long-term and we believe in the products and in our ability to execute. So overall, were pleased with our performance. The commercial team is executing well. And we believe we are demonstrating the ability both to launch multiple therapies in parallel and drive continued growth in the base business. With that, I will turn the call over to Paul.
Paul J. Clancy: Thanks, Tony. Our GAAP diluted earnings per share were $3.62 in the third quarter. Our non-GAAP diluted earnings per share in the third quarter were $3.80. Walking down the P&L, I will start with revenues. Total revenue for the third quarter grew 37% year-over-year to approximately $2.5 billion. Global TECFIDERA revenue was $787 million in Q3. In the U.S., TECFIDERA revenue was $638 million. Our best estimate at this time indicates that we ended the quarter with approximately 3.5 weeks of inventory in the channel, which includes specialty pharmacies and wholesalers. International TECFIDERA revenue was $149 million in the third quarter. Germany represented approximately three quarters of our ex-U.S. TECFIDERA revenues. Interferon revenues including AVONEX and PLEGRIDY were $745 million. In the U.S., Q3 revenue increased 6%, compared to prior year to $482 million. Outside of the U.S., Q3 AVONEX revenue was $260 million, a decrease of 6% compared to prior year due to increased oral competition. TYSABRI worldwide revenue net of hedging was $501 million in the third quarter, an increase of 25% over the same period last year. These results were comprised of $275 million in the U.S. and $226 million internationally. There were number of items of note for TYSABRI. Were now recognizing TYSABRI revenues at the full reimbursed price in Italy. In the U.S., there were 14 shipping weeks this quarter, compared to 13 in the same quarter last year, as TYSABRI ships on Tuesdays. And we benefited from the benefit of a timing of shipment in Brazil, a tender market. Factoring in these items, TYSABRI still experienced double-digit revenue growth year-over-year. Moving to hemophilia, ELOCTATE revenue in the third quarter, first quarter on the market was $22 million. ALPROLIX revenue in Q3 was $25 million. Turning to our anti-CD20 franchise, RITUXAN and GAZYVA U.S. profit share was $271 million for the third quarter. Royalties and profit share and sales of rituximab outside the U.S. were $20 million. The result was $291 million of net revenue from unconsolidated joint business. This amount includes an expense of approximately $21 million related to our share of changes in the recognition of the branded prescription drug fee in the quarter. This fee was imposed to pharma companies as part of the Affordable Care Act. During the quarter, the IRS issued final regulations related to the drug fee which changed the recognition for accounting purposes from the period in which it is paid to when the sales occur. The incremental charge this quarter represents the remaining expense for 2013 and year-to-date 2014 sales related to RITUXAN. Now turning to the expense lines on the non-GAAP P&L. Q3 cost of goods sold were $303 million or 12% of total revenue. Q3 non-GAAP R&D expense was $416 million or 17% of revenues, which includes no new business development activity this quarter. Q3 non-GAAP SG&A expense was $569 million or 23% of total revenue. Included in this amount is an expense of approximately $90 million related to the previously mentioned Branded Prescription Drug Fee. Our Q3 non-GAAP tax rate was approximately 25%. Weighted average diluted shares were $237 million, and we ended the quarter with approximately $3.2 billion in cash and marketable securities, of which 60% is in the U.S. In Q3, we incurred a $200 million liability as we reached $3 billion in cumulative sales of TECFIDERA and FUMADERM in the quarter. As highlighted in our SEC filings, this relates to the TECFIDERA contingent payments, which are being recorded as an increase to goodwill, reported on the balance sheet when incurred and flowing through the cash statement when paid, but not impacting the income statement. We expect to enter a period of meaningful TECFIDERA CVR payments to the former shareholders of Fumapharm. This brings us to our non-GAAP diluted earnings per share to a $3.80 for the third quarter, an increase of 61%. Now let me turn to our updated full year 2014 guidance. We expect total revenue growth between 38% and 41% compared to prior year, unchanged from prior guidance. R&D expense is unchanged, yet expected to be at the low-end of the range of our previously communicated guidance between 20% and 21% of total revenues. Our full year R&D forecast now includes approximately $50 million in the fourth quarter for business development opportunities, a decrease from prior guidance. This remains an important focus for the company and we continue to pursue high-quality early and mid-stage business development opportunities. SG&A expense is expected to be approximately 22% to 23% of total revenue, unchanged from prior guidance. We anticipate non-GAAP EPS results between $13.45 and $13.55 and GAAP EPS to be between $12 and $12.10. Our improvement in both GAAP and non-GAAP EPS is primarily due to our revised assumptions with respect to anticipated business development activity. Ill turn the call over to George for his closing comments.
George A. Scangos: Thanks, Paul. In closing, I think the third quarter was very productive for Biogen Idec. We now have 10 marketed products, including five in MS and two in hemophilia. Our efforts over the coming months will focus on continued performance of the base business, execution on the launch of new products and innovation to bring meaningful new therapies to patients. We plan to make TECFIDERA broadly available as we launched across Europe and other regions around the globe. We will begin launching PLEGRIDY in the U.S. imminently with continued launches across Europe occurring over time. We expect to continue to grow our hemophilia franchise. We believe ALPROLIX and ELOCTATE represent true innovation for patients and a significant long-term opportunity for the company. We believe that our accomplishments have set the stage for an exciting period as we look forward to 2015 and beyond. We expect an important part of our long-term value creation for patients and shareholders will come from our pipeline that could form the next wave of late stage development opportunities. Our strategy for sustainable growth centers on the deep commitment to the patient and continued innovation to develop novel medicines that address important medical challenges. We intend to follow good science and stick to our knitting in the areas that we know best: Neurology, Hematology and Immunology. We believe these guiding principles position us for long-term success. So in closing, Id like to take this opportunity to thank our dedicated employees and the patients and physicians involved in our clinical development programs in helping us to make a deep difference to patients lives. So thank you all for joining us this morning. And operator, well now open up the call for questions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from the line of Eric Schmidt with Cowen and Company. Your line is open.
Eric Schmidt  Cowen and Company: Good morning and thanks for taking my question. Maybe for Tony or Paul, its on TECFIDERA. It looks like the growth on a quarter-on-quarter basis either absolute dollars or percentage basis, it looks a little bit lower in Q3 and, say over any of the last four, five prior quarters. Was there anything sort of one-time nature that you want to call out or should we just assume that the drug is on a different sort of trajectory?
Tony Kingsley: Thanks, Eric. Its Tony. Nothing big on a one-time nature. Inventories are moderating, I think a little bit in the channel, and thats always little, probably, difficult to predict exactly, but no look, weve always expected that TECFIDERAs grow rate would moderate over time. I think were seeing a natural case of that, but were very comfortable with the trajectory of the product right now. Were very comfortable as we talked about the portion of new starts and switches that were getting. So nothing thats significantly off plan from our standpoint, in fact I think we feel pretty good about the performance.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mark Schoenebaum with ISI Group. Your line is open.
Salim Syed  ISI Group: Hey guys. This is Salim in for Mark. Thanks for all the information. On the PML patient, George, can you just confirm if the patient had a history of being on TYSABRI, and then also I know you mentioned 100,000 patients have been treated with TECFIDERA, but how many of those patients have been on drug for same length of time that the PML patients, which I believe you said 4.5 years?
George A. Scangos: Yes, okay. Look, this patient was not on TYSABRI, but this patient did have severe lymphopenia for 3.5 years, and we believe that the length of time on TECFIDERA is not the issue, the issue is related to lymphopenia, all right. And so, we are treating this as a case that resolves from the lymphopenia, and there is a normal background rate of lymphopenia. There is a lymphopenia on the TECFIDERA label, a small fraction of the patients develop lymphopenia and thats why a screening for the lymphopenia is on the label, its caused by lots of drugs.
Salim Syed  ISI Group: Okay.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Brian Abrahams with Wells Fargo. Your line is open. 
Brian Abrahams  Wells Fargo & Company:  All right, thanks very much for taking my question. Weve been getting feedback from physicians that PLEGRIDY could be an attractive option relative to other beta interferons. So Im just curious with respect to your marketing and commercial strategy to what extent are you going to be focused on trying to capture share from other interferons beyond AVONEX and how much weight do you think improvement, the improvements and convenience might happen since perhaps some of the pricing discounts going on from some of the competitors in that space? Thanks.
Tony Kingsley: Thanks Brian. Its Tony. So look, we really like the product profile of PLEGRIDY, repeat the theory. Interferons as of last count still treat more than half of the patients in our markets. We think thats declining for all the obvious reasons, but we think interferon remains an important part of the treatment set. We think PLEGRIDY is the leading interferon and should take here from all the interferons that are on the market today. And I would point out when physicians look at it, theyre not going to look just at the convenience benefit, but theyre going to look at the total package of the efficacy and dosing schedule. We think thats a very attractive proposition. So, yes, we think we have the potential to take share of high frequency interferons.
Brian Abrahams  Wells Fargo & Company: Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Geoffrey Porges with Bernstein. Your line is open.
Geoffrey Porges  Sanford C. Bernstein: Thanks very much. Lots of questions, but perhaps the macro one, Ill just go back to the issue of sequential growth. Paul, you top-lined if you net out the one-time items, it looks like sequentially it was about 3% and its been sort of in the 9% to 10% range for most of the past year. Obviously that wasnt going to be sustainable, but is this the new normal when you add up all the sort of bits and pieces and components of your revenue mix, is this what we should be thinking going forward?
Paul J. Clancy:  Geoff, as we move into 2015, well use the end of the year call to give our expectations going into 2015, and obviously that will play into where we think 2016 goes as well. But I think that youre painting a picture thats probably less optimistic than we think. We certainly are in early stages in TECFIDERA for the European rollout. The majority of European TECFIDERA sales are Germany. Weve moved forward with reimbursement in a number of other markets, but ahead of us is a number of larger markets and most of those will be impacted as we go into 2015. We think there is meaningful, still meaningful growth in TECFIDERA in the United States as we continue to penetrate docs and penetrate the marketplace. And certainly, were in very early days for the PLEGRIDY launch, which actually is ahead of us. In the Unites States, it just started with a very small amount of sales in Europe and certainly in very early days in ELOCTATE and ALPROLIX that  well its hard to discern signal from noise early on, but the longer-term perspective that we have is that the marketplace will move to long acting hemophilia products, and we will play hopefully a meaningful role in that.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Michael Yee with RBC Capital Markets. Your line is open.
Unidentified Analyst: Hi, thanks. This is John on behalf of Michael Yee. On the TECFIDERA patient with PML, could you just remind us is this the first PML case in TECFIDERA and what was the JC virus status of the patient? Also going forward, how do you think this case maybe different or similar versus the prior experience with TYSABRI? Thank you.
George A. Scangos: Yeah, let me turn that question over to Doug Williams. Doug is in a different site.
Claudine Prowse: Operator, please unmute our colleagues overseas.
Operator: Your line is now open.
Douglas E. Williams:  Can you hear me all right now, George?
George A. Scangos: Yes, we can hear you, Doug. 
Douglas E. Williams: Okay, sorry about that technical difficulty. Yes, this is the first patient with PML on TECFIDERA that were reporting. I think, as George pointed out, its important to note that this is a patient that as part of the ENDORSE study and was on drug for 4.5 years and for 3.5 of those years had severe lymphopenia, which we know is a risk factor for developing PML. And so, its an unfortunate circumstance that we believe is related to the lymphopenia. Prolonged and severe lymphopenia is a risk factor. We have monitoring rules in our label right now for checking white count and we believe that that is the best way for physicians to manage patients going forward.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Terence Flynn with Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Terence C. Flynn  Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: Hi, thanks for taking that question. Maybe more just a high level one. So in the slides you guys had called out that a portion of the market growth since the launch of TECFIDERA was attributed to this increase in the commercially insured patients. Just wondering what data led you to draw that conclusion and if you can try to quantify the benefit for us? Thank you.
George A. Scangos:  Thanks, Terence. Its an interesting point. Look, we think the market growth first and foremost is being  the increase is driven by oral to the marketplace. Specifically, TECFIDERA bringing back quitters in particular and slowing down even the number of those patients that exit the marketplace. In addition to that, what weve noticed over the last call, five to seven years, is unemployment rates actually have in fact, play a role in this marketplace. So when unemployment rates in the United States specifically pop up to the high single-digits, we see the impact in a slightly delayed fashion. And when they drift down, we see the impact of that as well. I mean, theyre modest impacts, but still meaningful. And then the second impact is, as we came into 2014, we think weve gotten a little bit of a modest benefit from the Affordable Care Act, more patients being ensured in moving from essentially what was  patients that we supported on a free basis to those switching over to commercial. Thanks for the question.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of (indiscernible) with Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Your line is open.
Unidentified Analyst:  Hi, its actually Kathryn for (indiscernible). Well just have a question on LINGO. What do think is a clinically meaningful improvement in VEP until those back in 2020? And then what would expect of the placebo growth? And then how much detail do you expect to this in January versus a presentation at a conference next year? Thank you.
Paul J. Clancy: This is Paul. I was going to take it, but Ill turn it to Al.
Alfred W. Sandrock: Hi, this is Al Sandrock. I dont actually look on the MVP as a clinically meaningful end point to begin with. We powered the study for about a 30% affect on the latency, but I would look out it more as a biological measure and not necessarily one where we can look for clinical meaningfulness.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Chris Raymond with Robert Baird. Your line is now open.
Christopher Raymond  Robert W. Baird & Co.:  Just a question on TECFIDERA life cycle management, Im assuming youre probably not going to want to be too descriptive of this. But we noticed a patent application that you guys filed in June describing a deuterium substitute a DMF compound. And I guess it made us to think a bit, how might this fit into your life cycle management efforts around TECFIDERA and sort of if you could maybe talk generally about the attributes you think that that could make for a meaningful improvement over the currently approved compound obviously outside of the IP, but in terms of convenience, safety, and you know that kind of stuff, that would be very helpful.
George A. Scangos: Sure, but first of all great job of scanning the patent literature. Obviously the life cycle management for TECFIDERA is one of the key issues for us and we have a lot of work going on. That certainly is one aspect of it, but not certainly the only aspect. And we havent gone into publicly all of the things that were doing and things were trying and certainly dont, want to do that now and I think its in our interest. Obviously, if we tell you, we tell all our competitors as well. Look what would be the attractive life advantages, modest changes could be once a day, could be better tolerability. I think the biggest change would be increased efficacy. And so, were working on all of those aspects.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line Matthew Harrison with Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
Matthew Harrison  Morgan Stanley: Great, thanks for taking the question. I thought maybe now that you have the full Phase 3 on daclizumab. You havent talked about that aspect a lot and maybe you could talk about how you think that could fit in and how you might position that commercially? Thanks.
Tony Kingsley: Yes. Thanks, Matthew. Its Tony. So Phase 3 data was obviously very encouraging. We believe it has an attractive product portfolio that has a place in the market, doing lots of more detailed market research and positioning at this point to crisp that up, but we believe it has a nice efficacy; it has an MOA that is the interesting to many physicians that we talk to in once a month subQ injectable. So the overall package is attracted and certainly something that makes sense for patients who require that level of efficacy. It could be a good switch to product for a lot of patients that are getting the efficacy that I need today. So more to come on that but we certainly think theres a place where we believe that is a place for it on the market.
George A. Scangos: At this call, Id just add additionally, we also often times think that this market is easy segments to split up, this were approaching 800,000 patients on disease-modifying therapies with lifelong disease that have lots of different heterogenous nature to the disease. So we think that actually plays well for Daclizumab.
Operator:  Your next question comes from the line of Robyn Karnauskas with Deutsche Bank. Your line is open.
Robyn S. Karnauskas  Deutsche Bank Securities Inc.:  Hi, guys, thanks for taking my question. Just about hemophilia few things to your comments around, on the trends were seeing, [clearly] (ph) the 50% of the hemophilia treatment centers that are not (indiscernible) how do they just refer to 6% that are and how do you get access of those centers? And then why do you think youre seeing some of the patients who are once-a-week versus to twice-week patients switch to longer halfway? And what do you need to do convert those patients do you think? Thank you.
Tony Kingsley: So, thanks Robyn, its Tony. Look I think I said first were pleased to have got the 50% or 50% plus of the hemophilia treatment centers. I think weve said this is largely a patient-driven market, meaning thats kind of where the activation comes. So as patients get interested in the proposition of the dosing regimen for treating disease prophylactically they are asking the hemophilia treatment centers. So we are in there talking to them, having conservations. We think as patients have good experience and as centers have good experience, it creates a virtuous cycle overtime. And we believe were seeing some evidence of that as we go out and execute. So look, its early days, but the plan has been to do that, get the patients get their treatment centers provide good coverage and build that virtuous cycle overtime, but we believe were on a good path on that front. In terms, of dosing frequency, I think, what I said on ALPROLIX, is we believe that most patients are choosing the once weekly, which is the label dose, its either once weekly or once every ten days. That is something that has made sense for the majority of patients. So Id say thats on plan.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ravi Mehrotra with Credit Suisse. Your line is open.
Ravi Mehrotra  Credit Suisse:
 :
George A. Scangos: Look where we  I assume youre asking because of all the noise around Forward Pharma and their IPO. What well say is were very comfortable with our IP situation, were certainly not going to litigate this in public. Were very comfortable with where we are. And well leave it at that.
Operator:  Your next question comes from the line of Ian Somaiya with Nomura Securities. Your line is open.
Ian Somaiya  Nomura Securities Co., Ltd.:  Thank you. I just want to follow-up on the questions on TECFIDERA. In the U.S., fairly rapidly youve got into roughly 20% market share. I just wanted to get maybe just your thoughts on how we should think about growth going forward, factors we should consider when modeling out sales going forward. And similarly in Europe, the sales came in a little bit below our expectations and would you attribute more, more to that  which attribute at more to the timing of country introduction and to country rollout or was there sort of a bullish effect with the Germany introduction last quarter?
Tony Kingsley:
 :
 :
Paul J. Clancy: Yes, Ian just to add on Europe and I think these comments are probably a repeat from last quarter. We came into the Europe thinking Europe the pace of penetration would be underneath the pace of penetration that we saw at TECFIDERA in the United States. Were very pleasantly surprising Germany to see actually that being on track or better. And while Germany is that the Lions share of our ex-U.S. revenue right now, all the other countries that weve launched in Nordics, Canada, Australia, were seeing similar trends that we saw in Germany in terms of very strong update. So the delayed launch actually has played and were effectively trying to do in every country is learn from the prior launches and execute even better, and I think were succeeding on that front.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Matt Roden with UBS. Your line is open.
Matthew Roden  UBS Securities LLC: Great. Thanks very much for taking the question. I just want to better understand the potential implications, if any, from that the case of PML. And we recognized that there is a background rate of PML in lymphopenic patients, including those with multiple sclerosis. We also know that TECFIDERA does lower lymphocyte count. Do you think in light of whats happened here would you prefer that severely lymphopenic patients not be on TECFIDERA? Do you expect that docs will reconsider use in lymphopenic patients? And lastly, do you expect that the regulators will update the label or will they wait for additional cases since there is a background rate in this population? Thanks.
George A. Scangos:  Thanks. Those are good questions. Look, were certainly not in a position to make medical recommendation, right. For long lymphopenia like this patient experiences in known risk factor for PML, TECFIDERA does result in lymphopenia in a small fraction of the patients who take it. Its for that reason that lymphocyte screening is on the label. We have reported this case to the regulatory authorities. Well certainly, as we said in the prepared script, be discussing with them whether the language on the label is appropriate to inform patients and physicians. And what is done with lymphocyte results is, I think up to the physician thats caring for those patients.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from the line of Yaron Werber with Citi. Your next question comes from the line of Geoffrey Porges of Bernstein. Your line is open.
Geoffrey Porges  Sanford C. Bernstein:  Thanks very much for letting me jump in with another question. I just want to follow-up on the discussion on ALPROLIX and ELOCTATE. Could you give us a sense of what proportion of patients on each products, are existing prophylaxis patients for the switching over, what proportion new pro-fee patients and what proportion is used in demand? Look, I know the numbers are small, but itd just be useful to see where the majority of the uptake is coming initially.
George A. Scangos:  So I think, Geoff, its pretty clear that the vast majority is going to be existing pro-fee patients. Thats the group that we expected in both cases to buying the proposition of dosing frequency most attractive side, but I would say thats the vast majority of it. There is probably a little bit on demand. There are no signals yet that weve seen there. There is a meaningful conversion of bringing on demand patients into pro-fee. Weve always said thats probably something that happens over time. So, I would say vast majority is existing.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ian Somaiya with Nomura Securities. Your line is open.
Ian Somaiya  Nomura Securities Co., Ltd.:  And thank you again for letting me to ask a follow-up. George, you began the call just speaking to the new hires and I was just wondering if we should think about the growth within each of these new areas. We should assume organic growth or do you think there are certain technologies out there that you sort of need to bring in-house to accelerate your efforts in the
George A. Scangos: Yeah, those are good questions. Maybe Ill turn that over to Doug Williams.
Douglas E. Williams: Sure, thanks George. Yes, I think you can look at those hires as somewhat of a mix of sort of building on our existing strengths. Don Johns would be a great example of that. Don is coming in to run the clinical trial programs in ALS. As we take those compounds into the clinic, hell be responsible for designing and executing those studies. Chris Henderson is going to take over the research activities and neurology research. So again that just strengthens what is already a very strong group and Chris will have the mandate to focus on new target discovery and validation to really help push ahead with new initiatives that we have in some of our core areas like Parkinsons and Alzheimers.
 :
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Yaron Werber with Citi. Your line is open. 
Yaron Werber  Citigroup: Thanks for squeezing me in. Question its for  I dont know if Tony want to take it or Paul. Just relating to how do we think about TECFIDERA inventories, it sounds like its 3.5 weeks. Im trying to get a sense what do you think is the normal range, especially given where you are sort of in the growth trajectory as a drug? Thank you.
Paul J. Clancy: Yes, good question, Yaron. The first thing Id want to point out is its our best estimate. I think I had mentioned that, but thats important. These things always wobble along product therapy, the size of TECFIDERA, its meaningful. So take it with a grain of salt. We think that each quarter  the other thing (indiscernible) said on is that three and half week estimate is the combination of wholesalers and specialty pharmacies, which weve been trying to point out from the early days. We have good visibility on wholesalers. Theres a limited number of them and thats where our direct channel is and we have decent visibility in the specialty pharmacies. Over time, I would think that that will tighten up a little bit, as people early in the launch in particular specialty pharmacies, wanted to make sure they had plenty of product on hand. So I think if anything over time, it tightens up a little bit to a tighter supply chain, which is normal for other therapies in particular rather overall therapies. And well try to keep everybody apprised if that happens as it goes to the best knowledge that we have.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Matt Roden with UBS. Your line is open.
Matthew Roden  UBS Securities LLC: Great. Thanks very much. I wanted to ask somewhat of a similar question on TECFIDERA life cycle strategy. I have one on hemophilia. So it looks to us that you have a pretty nice opportunity here with ELOCTATE and ALPROLIX over the next couple of years. But as you look out over the mid and long-term, obviously there are other parties working on not only competing long-acting factors, but theres also other technologies being brought to bear. I realize none of these other approaches are really de-risked, but the question is, given your leadership in this area whether we should expect to see additional innovation coming out of Biogen? And bigger picture, whats your strategy for growing the franchise over the long-term? Thanks.
George A. Scangos:  Sure. Doug, you want to take that one?
Douglas E. Williams: Yes, thats related to hemophilia. I think we are continuing to innovate in that space. The first two products really represent the first two products. We have other programs further back in research, one of which is a longer acting version of factor VIII that we presented some posters on, utilizes the XTEN technology, and we think that  if it does make it into the clinic will really sort of get us beyond that one and a half to two-fold half life extension threshold that everyone seems to be caught and all the long-acting factors. For Hemophilia A, really in the sort of one and a half to two-fold half life extension range and this could actually double that from what we have seen. Were also looking into gene therapy as a possibility to extend the franchise in hemophilia. I think its sort of the general rule that when we move into an area and have programs and products that emerge from the pipeline, that we continue to innovate in those fields where we think that theres opportunities to improve upon existing products. So hemophilia is one area were doing that obviously MS, we continue to do that, thats just sort of the natural part of the life cycle for any therapeutic area were in.
Operator:  Your next question comes from the line of Eric Schmidt with Cowen and Company. Your line is open.
Eric Schmidt  Cowen and Company: Thanks for the follow-up. I guess Ill ask the capital allocation question again, and I dont know youve been getting asked from time-to-time. Youve got over $3 billion on the balance sheet now, Paul. Youve been saying that, I think, tuck in acquisitions have been your favorite use of cash. But we havent seen any of those of late and youve now reduced the guidance for BisDev in the back half of this year. So are you not seeing the opportunities? Are you changing strategy? What should we expect in the future?
Paul J. Clancy: Thanks, Eric, for the question. Let me kind of address the second part of your question on the BisDev thing. The pipeline of business development activity, the strategic intense I think, I personally think our capabilities are at an all time high. And you just never know when these things can turn into a deal, and as a result it gets a little bit bumpy quarter-to-quarter, early in the year obviously the Eisai transaction, the Sangamo transaction impacted the R&D line. Third quarter just didnt really have anything. And I think thats continue way to expect it, its hard to then translate that into a guidance. So we all just have to be mindful of that. More broadly, we certainly still believe those bad word for it, but tuck-in acquisitions are a remark  its part and participle to the business that were in. But its really all about the mission that we have and delivering outside has the potential to deliver outside shareholder value returns. Weve seen that over the last ten plus years. As we move into 2015, well probably open and look towards figuring out whats the best way to return capital to shareholders as the cash flow continues to generate. As I also pointed out just wanted to make sure, but its mindful of  we do expect to have meaningful CVR payments to the pharma owners of TECFIDERA, which is going to be captured into the cash flow statement, as well. So I think its kind of largely continued as we have and with a pretty decent intent to rebuild their early and mid-stage pipeline.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Chris Raymond with Robert Baird. Your line is open.
Christopher Raymond  Robert W. Baird: Hey, thanks. Just a follow-up here on TECFIDERA. So weve done some of our own work on discontinuation rate and at least from docs are telling us, it looks like its fairly flat and kind of consistent with what DEFINE and CONFIRM showed. Can you guys maybe talk about the trends youre seeing there? Are we right or is there some other sort of dynamic we should think about?
Tony Kingsley:  Yes, thanks, Chris. This is Tony. I think thats consistent with what were seeing. As weve said before, the discontinuation rates, we expect to be similar to other in line therapies over time. We believe that physicians are learning to manage the GI and tolerability issues, but youre still going to get some drop off of that. So we believe that your analysis is probably in line with what were seeing.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Michael Yee with RBC Capital Markets. Your line is open.
Unidentified Analyst: Hi, thanks for the follow-up. This is John again on for Michal Yee. I dont think this was addressed on todays call, but for Anti-LINGO on the last earnings call, it was noted that the data from the optic neuritis studies will be expected in January of next year. Just wanted to confirm, is that still the guidance? And as for top line announcement we can expect, its been a quite long since weve last seen a Biogen press release on a mid-stage proof-of-concept program. So for the Anti-LINGO disclosure, how much data can we expect? Would it be something detailed with numerics from the multiple endpoints or just a simple short commentary whether a hit or the trends et cetera? Thank you.
George A. Scangos:  Okay, sure. Yes, were still on track for January. As to the data that well show, the goal here is to be as open as we can about the data without jeopardizing our ability to publish the data in peer review journal and have it accepted at a major meeting. Those are always the things that company is trying and trade off. So I cant tell you exactly what will be in the press release, but we will certainly be as explicit as we can with those caveats.
Operator: I would now like to turn the conference back over to our presenters.
George A. Scangos: Okay. Thank you all for the attention this morning and the time. And well get back to work and so can all of you. Thanks.
Paul J. Clancy:  Thank you.
Operator: This concludes todays conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2014 Q2  (2014-07-23 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Claudine Prowse - Vice President, Investor Relations George Scangos - Chief Executive Officer Doug Williams - EVP, Research and Development Tony Kingsley - EVP, Global Commercial Operations Paul Clancy - Chief Financial Officer Al Sandrock - Chief Medical Officer
Analysts: Michael Yee - RBC Capital Markets. Ravi Mehrotra - Credit Suisse Mark Schoenebaum - ISI Group Geoffrey Porges - Bernstein Eric Schmidt - Cowen and Company Yaron Werber - Citi Matthew Harrison - Morgan Stanley Terence Flynn - Goldman Sachs Matt Roden  UBS Robyn Karnauskas  Deutsche Bank Geoff Meacham - JPMorgan
Operator: Good morning. My name is Tiffany and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Biogen Idec Q2 2014 Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. (Operator Instructions) Thank you. Claudine Prowse, Vice President, Investor Relations, you may begin your conference.
Claudine Prowse: Thank you. And welcome to Biogen Idecs second quarter 2014 earnings conference call. Before we begin, I encourage everyone to go to the Investors section of biogenidec.com to find the press release and related financial tables, including a reconciliation of the non-GAAP financial measures that we will discuss today. Our GAAP financials are provided in tables one and two. Table three includes a reconciliation of our GAAP to non-GAAP financial results. We believe non-GAAP results better represent the ongoing economics of our business and reflects how we manage the business internally. We have also posted slides on our website that follow the discussions related to this call. I would like to point out that we will be making forward-looking statements, which are based on our current expectations and beliefs. These statements are subject to certain risks and uncertainties and our actual results may differ materially. I encourage you to consult our SEC filings for additional detail. On todays call, I am joined by our Chief Executive Officer, Dr. George Scangos; Dr. Doug Williams, EVP of Research and Development; Tony Kingsley, EVP of Global Commercial Operations; and our CFO, Paul Clancy. We will also be joined for the Q&A portion of the call by our Chief Medical Officer, Dr. Al Sandrock. Now, I will turn the call over to George.
George Scangos: Well, thanks Claudine and good morning everybody and thanks for joining us today. Biogen Idec had a great second quarter, strong financial performance and several key pipeline accomplishments. So, as we recap these achievements today, we believe that our continued progress reflects the strength of our underlying business and good execution towards our 2014 goals. Our core multiple sclerosis franchise performed remarkably well and we continue to see an increase in number of patients using our therapies. TECFIDERA continues to gain market share and we believe its on track to become the leading MS therapy in the U.S. The early months of our European launch reinforce our belief that TECFIDERA will continue to be a major value contributor to the company. AVONEX and TYSABRI also performed well as physicians and patients continued to look to them as the injectable and high efficacy therapies [inaudible]. With these important medicines available to patients, we believe that we have a product portfolio that makes us the global leader in the treatment of MS. In our late-stage pipeline, we moved forward two new potential therapeutic options for relapsing MS patients this quarter. PLEGRIDY received the positive CHMP opinion in Europe and at this point, I will diverge from my prepared statements to say that just this morning as we are sitting in the room preparing for the call, we received the letter from the EU saying that PLEGRIDY have been approved. We havent had a chance to look at the label or any details yet, which we will do. And when we are through that, we will issue a press release, but since we are sitting here, PLEGRIDY has now been approved in the EU. We also reported positive top line results from the Phase 3 trial of Daclizumab and should all these products complete registration, we will have six important medicines that offer MS patients with different needs. Moving beyond the MS franchise, we launched ALPROLIX, the long-lasting therapy for hemophilia B and received FDA approval of ELOCTATE, our therapy for hemophilia A. These products mark our entry into a major new therapeutic area. ALPROLIX and ELOCTATE represent the first meaningful innovations in the treatment of hemophilia in many years and reflect our mission to help renewed therapies to patients who are underserved. We believe that these therapies have the potential to meaningfully reduce treatment burden and significantly improve patients lives. These accomplishments are reflected in our strong quarterly financial performance with a 40% growth in revenues and a 52% growth in non-GAAP EPS year-over-year. And as Paul will discuss this quarters financial performance also benefited from the approval of an agreement with AIFA relating to TYSABRI sales in Italy. We have also made excellent progress in Japan which is an important strategic priority for us as we expand our global presence. We have recently obtained Japanese approval for TYSABRI and ALPROLIX and filed a marketing application for ELOCTATE earlier this year. The expansion of our products into Japan allows us the opportunity to introduce new treatment options to patients and physicians in new regions around the world. We believe that Japan represents an attractive long-term growth opportunity for our company. So we had an eventful and productive quarter with a lot of exciting developments. And I will now pass the call over to Doug.
Doug Williams: Thanks George and good morning everyone. We and our collaborator AbbVie recently announced positive top line Phase 3 data for Daclizumab HYP in relapsing-remitting multiple sclerosis. Based on this study and previous clinical data we are working expeditiously to file an application for regulatory approval of Daclizumab. We believe that if approved, Daclizumab could be an additional effective therapeutic option to treat this heterogeneous disease. A number of our other clinical programs continue to advance. In the coming 12 to 18 months we anticipate Phase 3 data from TYSABRI in SPMS as well as data from earlier stage programs including BIIB037 in Alzheimers disease, neublastin in neuropathic pain, STX-100 in idiopathic pulmonary fibrosis, anti-CD40 ligand in general lupus and anti-LINGO in both acute optic neuritis and multiple sclerosis. We would like to take the opportunity to review our ongoing anti-LINGO clinical studies and clarify the timing of anticipated data readouts. The Phase 2 program remains on track and includes two studies, one in MS and the other in acute optic neuritis. We believe the totality of data from these studies would provide us with a clearer understanding of anti-LINGOs potential in both clinical settings. The goal of the acute optic neuritis study is to demonstrate proof of mechanism in humans. We will examine whether anti-LINGO is able to protect and repair the optic nerve when given shortly after the acute damage caused by a demyelinating lesion of the optic nerve or optic neuritis. The study will examine various end points including novel end points developed by Biogen Idec. The primary end point visual evoked potential will measure effects on optic nerve signal conduction. We will also use optical coherence tomography imaging to determine if anti-LINGO treatment impacts the viability of axons in the optic nerve and retinal ganglion cells. As an exploratory end point this study includes objective and patient reported outcome measures to examine any potential benefit on visual function. The study is fully enrolled and we expect to disclose top line results in January 2015 and full data disclosure at a 2015 medical meeting. In the second study we are evaluating whether anti-LINGO can facilitate remyelination and functional improvement in patients with active relapsing MS. Primary end point is a clinical composite measure testing various aspects of both physical and cognitive improvement. As exploratory end points we will also examine various advanced brain imaging techniques to detect potential remyelination and axon preservation as well as numerous blood and CSF biomarkers. The MS study is designed treat patients for approximately 18 months with the primary efficacy end points being evaluated at the end of that period. There will be a preliminary look at data after all patients have reached 12 months of treatment duration to inform future study planning. Based on current enrollment rates which are ahead of projections, we expect the interim look to occur in the second half of 2015. Investigators, patients and the study management team will remain blinded in order to preserve the integrity of the ongoing study. We expect MS study results to be presented at a scientific meeting in 2016. We look forward to sharing additional data as our pipeline advances. I will now pass the call to Tony.
Tony Kingsley: Thanks Doug. The second quarter marked another strong performance for our commercial organization. We think we have demonstrated that we can launch multiple products while also maximizing our base business. This has been no small feed for our company and I am very pleased with how the commercial team has executed and driven results. Lets start with MS. We continue to grow our MS market share through executing our franchise strategy. TECFIDERA in the U.S. continued on a solid trajectory. TECFIDERA has been broadly used across numerous patient segments, newly diagnosed switches prompted by efficacy and non-efficacy reasons as well as patients returning to the market. We believe TECFIDERA is generally viewed by physicians and patients as efficacious with an attractive safety profile and a manageable tolerability profile. Importantly, patient retention rates have been similar to other marketed MS therapies and in line with our expectations. Outside the U.S., TECFIDERA is off to a strong start. In countries where we have launched, including Germany, the uptake for TECFIDERA has been encouraging, where we had been more cautious about uptake in Europe given TECFIDERAs later entry in the markets, where other orals had a stronger foothold, we now believe that we see launch trajectories that are similar to what we experienced in the U.S. We are also making good progress on reimbursement. Currently, we have obtained full reimbursement in six markets and TECFIDERA is also available in a number of other countries with limited reimbursement. In the UK, we recently received a favorable pricing decision from NICE and we expect to obtain full reimbursement in most of the other large MS markets by the end of 2015. During the quarter, AVONEX gained share among interferon therapies. As expected, injectable therapies continued to decline as patients move toward oral therapies. While global units for AVONEX declined 7% year-over-year, AVONEX has shown staying power in a dynamic market. We look forward to the potential launch of PLEGRIDY to extend our leadership in interferon. We believe PLEGRIDY has the potential to provide MS patients a combination of strong efficacy, a safety profile consistent with the MS beta interferon class and a SubQ auto injector administered every two weeks. Across markets, TYSABRI demand remains solid as physicians continued to choose this therapy for patients requiring high efficacy. The U.S. TYSABRI business improved as patient retention rates are stabilizing and are now similar to pre-TECFIDERA launch. TYSABRI performance in Europe was also favorable despite the increased oral competition. We continue to focus on execution and despite an increasingly crowded market we believe neurologists continue to view TYSABRI as having unique power to control disease. Turning to hemophilia, ALPROLIX is off to a solid start since its introduction to the U.S. market in May. Our focus to-date has been in two areas raising awareness of the therapys attributes and streamlining patient access. Our field forces build strong relationships with customers and is achieving its early goals of reach and frequency with hemophilia treatment centers or HTCs. As of the end of the quarter, approximately one-third of HTCs had prescribed ALPROLIX, which we believe indicates very good initial interest. Early indications suggest ALPROLIX has not faced significant hurdles with reimbursement. We have also established financial and patient support programs which have enabled a smooth initial launch. As expected, we believe the majority of ALPROLIX patients have started with once weekly prophylaxis, a significant improvement over the current standard of care of two or more prophylactic infusions per week. Turning to ELOCTATE, we are pleased to have launched ELOCTATE in the U.S. last week with what we believe to be a competitive label. Our initial objectives are focused on extensive education to physicians, payers and advocacy groups. And we are also beginning to expedite access for patients starting on ELOCTATE. We are pleased with the performance of the commercial organization. Across an expanding portfolio of therapies, we believe we are demonstrating strong execution and solid results. I will now pass the call to Paul.
Paul Clancy: Thanks, Tony. Our GAAP diluted earnings per share were $3.01 in the second quarter. Our non-GAAP diluted earnings per share in the second quarter were $3.49. I will provide additional details on the AIFA agreement, which benefited both revenue and earnings in Q2 in a minute. Walking down the P&L let me start with revenues. Total revenue for the second quarter grew 40% year-over-year to approximately $2.4 billion. Second quarter AVONEX worldwide revenue was $774 million. In the U.S., Q2 AVONEX revenue increased 4% compared to prior year to $498 million. And outside the U.S., Q2 AVONEX revenue was $276 million, a decrease of 6% compared to prior year. Global TECFIDERA revenue was $700 million in Q2. In the U.S., TECFIDERA revenue was $585 million. Were very pleased with the compliance in gross to net performance which provided a benefit to revenue in the quarter. We ended the quarter with approximately 3.5 weeks of inventory in the channel, which includes specialty pharmacies and wholesalers. This is a slight decline versus prior quarter. International TECFIDERA revenue was approximately $115 million as the launch in Germany has exceeded our expectations. Germany represented approximately three quarters of our ex-U.S. revenues. TYSABRI worldwide revenue net of hedging was $533 million in the second quarter. These results were comprised of $250 million in the U.S. and $284 million internationally. TYSABRI benefited from two events which helped the year-over-year comparison. Recall during the first quarter of 2013, we increased inventory levels in anticipation of the asset transfer from Elan to Biogen Idec. This equated to in-market revenues of approximately $26 million, increasing Q1 of 2013 and decreasing Q2 of 2013. In the second quarter of this year, TYSABRI revenues outside the U.S. included the impact of an agreement with AIFA. Our agreement with AIFA provided for the elimination of the reimbursement limit related to TYSABRI sales in Italy from February 2013 going forward. As a result, we recorded approximately $54 million of previously deferred revenues related to the period from February 2013 through March 31, 2014. In the second quarter we recorded TYSABRI revenues in Italy at the full reimbursed price, which increased revenues by approximately $14 million versus prior trend. We continue to be in discussions with AIFA to resolve our dispute concerning the periods February 2009 to January 2013. Nevertheless well be booking revenues at the full reimbursed price going forward. Adjusting for these items, were very pleased to see TYSABRI experience low double-digit revenue growth in the second quarter. Moving to hemophilia, ALPROLIX revenue in Q2 its first quarter on the market was $10 million. Turning to our anti-CD20 franchise, U.S. profit share was $285 million for the second quarter and royalties and profit-sharing sales of Rituximab outside the U.S. were $18 million. The result was $303 million of net revenue from unconsolidated joint business. Now turning to the expense lines on the non-GAAP P&L. Q2 cost of goods sold were $292 million or 12% of revenue. Q2 non-GAAP R&D expense was $446 million or 18% of revenue which includes approximately $40 million in milestone and other payments related to our collaborations with Eisai and Isis. Q2 non-GAAP SG&A expense was $540 million or 22% of total revenue. Our Q2 non-GAAP tax rate was approximately 27%. During the quarter, as part of our shared stabilization plan, we repurchased $1.2 million for a total of approximately $340 million. Our weighted average diluted shares were $237 million and we ended the quarter with approximately $2.6 billion in cash and marketable securities which approximately two-thirds within the U.S. As a reminder, we expect to enter a period of large TECFIDERA CVR payments to the former shareholders of Fumapharm. In Q2, we accrued $150 million as we reached $2 billion in accumulative sales of TECFIDERA. This brings us to non-GAAP diluted earnings per share, which were $3.49 million for the second quarter, an increase of 52%. Now, let me turn to our updated full year 2014 guidance. We now expect total revenue growth between 38% and 41%. Clearly, this change represents a meaningful increase from prior guidance owing primarily to the growth of TECFIDERA in the U.S. and EU, the strength of our other MS therapies and clarity on the AIFA pricing matter. Let me provide additional color. First in the U.S. underlying demand for TECFIDERA, in addition to compliance in gross to net dynamics are all anticipated to be favorable throughout 2014 compared to our prior plan. In Europe, as Tony noted, we had originally assumed TECFIDERA would have experienced a slower uptake than the U.S. due to delayed launch. Our forecast now assumes TECFIDERA uptake in Europe similar to what we saw in the U.S. on a country by country rollout. We continue to expect Germany will be the primary TECFIDERA revenue driver outside the U.S. for 2014. And it does continue to appear that TECFIDERA has expanded the market. Second, we believe AVONEX and TYSABRI performance will remain resilient each carving solid roles in the market. And our 2014 guidance now includes the impact of the agreement with AIFA as we picked up the previously deferred revenue and will no longer defer revenue for the balance of the year. The full year impact from the AIFA agreement is favorable by approximately $96 million versus prior guidance. R&D expense is expected to be between 20% and 21% of sales. Our full year R&D forecast now includes greater than $150 million for the balance of the year for business development opportunities. Coupled with what we have spent on Eisai and Sangamo, this represents over $300 million for the full year in increase over prior guidance. This remains strategically important focus for the company. However, if we cannot find high quality pipeline assets by the end of the year, some of this amount may drop to the bottom line. SG&A expense is expected to be approximately 22% to 23% of revenue. SG&A now includes increased investments in 2014 associated with the ongoing TECFIDERA and hemophilia launches. We realized this is a meaningful increase in SG&A dollars and remain committed to SG&A leverage in 2015. The result we anticipate non-GAAP earnings per share between $12.90 and $13.10 and GAAP EPS to be between $11.26 and $11.46. Turn the call over to George for his closing comments.
George Scangos: Okay, thanks Paul. So, in closing, we had another productive quarter. And we successfully executed against several key objectives. We said earlier this year that our goals for 2014 were aggressive and would require focus and dedication from our employees and we have made significant progress. Well, with the second half of the year yet to go, we still have a number of product launches and pipeline milestones ahead of us. So, our efforts over the coming months will focus on the launch of four new products in two distinct therapeutic areas, a real challenge for a company of our size. We will continue to launch TECFIDERA across the EU as we work to expand marketing approval across the globe. We anticipate both U.S. and EU launch of PLEGRIDY for relapsing MS. And thats an important part of our strategy for maintaining our leadership among the injectable products for MS. And then the continued launch of our hemophilia products, ALPROLIX for hemophilia B in the U.S. and other countries, including Japan and ELOCTATE for hemophilia A, an important step towards revenue diversification. We also expect an important part of our long-term value creation will come from a number of mid-stage proof of biology and proof of concept readouts this year and next. Our strategy for sustainable growth centers on deep commitment to the patient leveraging our areas of expertise in neurology, hematology, and immunology while continuing to focus on innovation. We believe that if we anchor ourselves on these three tenets, patients will benefit and meaningful shareholder value creation should follow. As always, I want to thank our employees who are dedicated to making a positive impact on patients lives and the patients and physicians who are involved in our clinical development programs. The achievements we have made together could not have been realized without their steadfast passion and commitment. So, thank you all for joining us this morning. And operator, we will now open up the call for questions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from the line of Michael Yee with RBC Capital Markets. Your line is now open.
Michael Yee - RBC Capital Markets.: Hey, great. Thanks. Good morning. On TECFIDERA just drilling down a little bit, the beat was just significantly higher than anyone would have thought, so just trying to understand the compliance you mentioned, do you think that thats actually getting better that there is less dropouts over time. Is there anything there that you are seeing? There are still lot of people out there suggesting that, thats a hindrance for some patients, who maybe just thinking about that compliance rate over last year? And then just as a follow-up for Paul, there has been a lot of things in the industry as it relates to M&A in domestic and foreign companies, have you rather been thinking about this, is there any comments you can make as it relates to tax strategy, are there things you can do to impact your margins such as it will be your AbbVie collaboration, maybe any comments around that would be helpful? Thanks.
Paul Clancy: Michael, this is Paul. I will try to take both of them. Yes, we are very pleased with the TECFIDERA results for the quarter, but Id say it was across both Europe and the U.S. When we refer to compliance, we are actually referring to essentially the number of pills patient takes over the course of the month, if you will. Thats slightly different than discontinuation rates, which is  or persistency, which I think you had kind of referred to. The persistency in discontinuation rates, are still a little bit opaque for us. So, I think that what we said in the past around kind of 10% to 20% over the course of the year, I think we still believe that and thats kind of the triangulation of the data, but I think the TECFIDERA numbers were just kind of real good performance in compliance better than expectations in the United States on gross to net and certainly the German launch has exceeded our expectations. We are probably about 5.5 months into the German launch, were a little bit less time in a few other countries, but we are very pleased with the performance in Europe. With respect to inversions, its obviously a very topical, I mean, you cant kind of open up the journal any day without having  being able to read an article on re-domiciling. Its clearly something that we have thought about over the years, right. I mean, we didnt ask that purchase agreement with Elan a year ago. So, the course of time leading into that, we clearly thought about it, because the ability to do that has been around for a long period of time. I will give you a couple of perspectives on how we think about it, because Id certainly dont want you to lead into that we are all excited about it just given the press news.  And kind of just a level point, let me explain our effective tax rate is kind of a combination of the RITUXAN cash flow, which is really all U.S. cash flow, so its going to be a high 30s percent on that cash flow in everything else that is probably more biopharmaceutical like. Even re-domiciling without IP migration would not meaningfully affect the RITUXAN cash flow tax rate. And we generally cost share assets in our pipeline. So, thats the way to think about our tax rate as it stands now. The way we conceptually think about a business combination which would result in re-domiciling is all the benefits of re-domiciling are essentially like a synergy. And of course you always want to try to get synergies in the business, but we dont think thats a rationale for a business combination, that it has to make the industrial logic first and foremost. So, if there is industrial logic which we just have not seen around a business combination, then there would be a possibility for that. I think the other thing to point out for Biogen Idec, a major consideration for us, which is probably more acute than others is for our long-term shareholders, it would result in a meaningful capital gains, just the result of  we have shareholders that have been in the stock for a very long period of time. And with the capital appreciation in the stock, thats a major, major consideration that we think about. So, thats a little bit of perspective.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your next question comes from the line of Ravi Mehrotra with Credit Suisse. Your line is now open.
Ravi Mehrotra - Credit Suisse: Thank you. Good morning. Thank you for taking my question. First one for George, its been very nice this year that you flagged the intention to enter into new, early and mid-stage business development opportunities, given the fine form and front running commercial performance you have delivered in the first two [furlongs] [ph] of this year, do you see potential for either greater focus on these deals and which domains would you like to dominate by these deals? Let me sneak another one in for Doug, so on anti-LINGO, how will the RENEW and SYNERGY data influenced the Phase 3 trial endpoints? Do you see more of an evolution or revolution in endpoints normally seen in Phase 3 MS studies? Thank you.
George Scangos: Okay, Ravi, its George. I will take the first part of your question. Look I think the  we have said for a while now that our strategy was to continue to build out our pipeline, so that we can have a high-quality pipeline of sufficient size to generate additional value as we go forward. We have done a number of business development deals already a couple this year, certainly several last year and we will continue to do them. I dont see any big divergence from what we have done in the past. As Paul said, we have money now in the budget for additional deals this year, but that doesnt necessarily mean we are going to go spend it, right. Then we have money available if and when the appropriate technologies or product opportunities come our way. We will focus in our areas of expertise, so neurodegenerative diseases, immunology, hematology, I think there is a big advantage to sticking to our knitting and focusing in areas where we have real expertise. A lot of this business is based on information arbitrage and getting some insights that are not everybody has and we believe thats an important part of our strategy. We have done that focusing now for years. And I will continue to work in those areas, where we believe we have a real depth of knowledge.
Doug Williams: And Ravi, this is Doug. I will take your question about revolution or evolution with respect to SYNERGY and the endpoints. I guess thats in the eye of the beholder, but I think what we are trying to do here with this study is learn as much as we can about the correlation between re-myelination and the impact on what we think are important parameters of disease progression in these patients. What we are hoping to see with the study is actually an improvement in EDSS and a change in cognition. Cognition is not a sort of traditional endpoint if you will from a regulatory approval perspective, but we think its important in terms of understanding the totality of impact on re-myelination in the brain of patients with relapsing forms of MS and actually progressive forms as well. So, I think the study is designed to collect and capture as much information as we can. The paradigm that we are trying to put forward is to improve outcomes for patients and not just stabilize disease. So, I think in that regard, its probably somewhat revolutionary. And I think that the study is designed in a way to guide us forward not only with LINGO, but with other strategies that we have got further back in the pipeline that are also geared towards re-myelinating, BIIB061 being the first candidate to go forward. So, I think its important that we run the study in a blinded fashion through the full 18 months of the study and that was the decision that we made and we have talked about in my comments in the earnings call. And I think that, that will give us the information we need to plan on appropriate Phase 3 study, where we are looking to change the treatment paradigm in MS by actually causing improvement in outcomes for patients as opposed to just stabilizing disease.
Operator: Your next question comes from line of Mark Schoenebaum with ISI Group. Your line is open.
Mark Schoenebaum - ISI Group: Hey, guys. Thanks for taking the question. Just one topic that hasnt been addressed yet on this call, but Id just like to get your dug analyses on the call, just get your current thinking at TYSABRI in SPMS, what will be the biologic rationale for TYSABRI to actually show efficacy in that indication? And then my second question, I promise is very easy, whats  Paul, whats the  can you just remind us roughly what the German prices for TECFIDERA and whether or not that could change? Thank you.
Al Sandrock: Hi, Mark. This is Al Sandrock. On TYSABRI SPMS, there is continues to be emerging data that gives positive signals potentially for how TYSABRI could work, one is that there was a publication earlier this year labeled, it was called the study of the proof-of-concept of Natalizumab in SPMS, it was published by a Danish group. And it shows that when you look at CSF neurofilament levels, that levels drop after starting TYSABRI treatment and kind of the drop occurred within six to nine months. So, I think thats yet of more evidence in addition to the evidence we have been talking about for a couple of years now, which is the CXCL13 decrease which is a market of follicular dendritic cells, which we think are important in organizing these meningeal lymphoid follicle that in about half the patients seem to be important for progression in SPMS. So I think there is continuing biological data that tells us that we could potentially see a positive effect with Natalizumab in SPMS.
George Scangos: Yes. And Mark, just for the quick response in the German price, its in the low-20s on an euro basis, on an annual cost of therapy which gets essentially to right around $30,000 annual cost of therapy in Germany right now. And that as you know is in the one year free pricing period. So its actually important to keep in mind. So I appreciate you kind of pointing it out, important to keep in mind that as we spin into 2015, we will likely move into a different more negotiated price likely through the (AVONEX) process.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Geoffrey Porges with Bernstein. Your line is open.
Geoffrey Porges - Bernstein: Thanks very much for taking the question and again congratulations on really terrific results with particularly TECFIDERA in Europe. I will try and slip into as it seems to be the fashion, could we just be clear on the LINGO MS study, we wanted to hear in 2015 the results of the 12-month analysis, but we will hear the 18 month results disclosed presumably not to 16. And then secondly Tony could you just give us a little bit more color on exactly where TECFIDERA is in the ex-German markets, not the smaller markets but the other big five European countries, when you expect to actually get the launch going there?
Doug Williams: Geoff, this is Doug. You are correct that the data flow is as you describe it. We will  a small team internally will have access to the 12-month data, but we have decided that its important to avoid the possibility of creating bias in the study outcomes to maintain our disclosure in 2016. So once the study is fully complete, we will disclose the data at that time. And we think its important to keep the study blinded between the 12 and 18 month timeframe and that will kick the disclosure over into 2016 as you described.
Tony Kingsley: Yes, its Tony. On ex-U.S., so we have  you saw the nice opinion from the UK, the process once they have issued the (FAD) is 6 to 8 weeks, we give guidance and then there is a couple of months to get funding and so thank you for. By the time the funding hits market we are in the market in France in a limited way in the hospital channel, negotiations ongoing. We also think thats Q4 timings in Italy would likely be 2015 well hard to handicap, but we think first half 2015.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Eric Schmidt with Cowen and Company. Your line is open.
Eric Schmidt  Cowen and Company: Thanks for taking the question. Maybe for Paul or George, it sounds like business is good, the revenue stream is increasingly diversified, the outlook is very favorable, you are building cash so I guess some, I am asking about your capital reallocation plan and thoughts on the dividend or a substantial share buyback.
George Scangos: Thanks Eric. Yes, important question. So we have certainly rebuilt the cash position over the last 12 months. If  as we have talked about this 12 months ago, following the asset purchase of TYSABRI we were running on fumes that has changed meaningfully as the business has performed quite well. We want to continue to be cognizant over the kind of next couple of year time period that we are probably greater than I would have expected have the potential for the CVR tech related payments just to come may be at a quicker phase. Those obviously turn out as people know, but we want to be mindful of that. We continue our strategic bias is remains these tuck-in acquisitions where we think its core of the business and great internal rates of return and all that. With that said, more than likely we have excess cash over the next number of years. We have been having very constructive conversations over the last couple of months with our shareholders. On this topic, not all of them, but a number of them, I think we completely agree its one of the more important judgments that we have. We agree that it is  it is all about deploying this and returning it in the way that maximizes the intrinsic value. We will continue to have that dialog. I think its a Mosaic in terms of preferences around which vehicle to return cash and we will have to synthesize that and get to our own judgment. So, nothing to report per say yet, but very high on the agenda of our conversations here George and I and with the board and hopefully we start to get clarity in the near term. George?
George Scangos: I dont have too much to add to that. I think look this is the topic as Paul said that we are in discussions with the board with a number of our shareholders. And as we have started to refill our coffers after the Elan acquisition becomes something were discussing more, but nothing really to add at this time?
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Yaron Weber with Citi. Your line is open.
Yaron Weber - Citi: Great, thanks for taking my question. Its a question maybe for Al or Doug, when you look at the combination now admittedly, its an animal models and the EAE model is not a great model, because its inflammatory. But when you look at LINGO and AVONEX together there is some data suggesting maybe LINGO alone is just as good as the combo and perhaps LINGO is more synergistic with an oral like Gilenya. So, I wanted to get your thoughts on that? And then if you dont mind, I am just going to sneak in for Paul, the IMS data how good is that, it sounds like historically you have said that its good predicting TECFIDERA. Excluding the stocking, although it sounds like a slight de-stocking yet you will be by about 30% the IMS stock on a prescription number. So, what are we missing there? Thank you.
Paul Clancy: So, on EAE question, its been traditionally difficult to see a robust effect of interferon in EAE. So, it doesnt surprise me that adding LINGO to AVONEX doesnt give you very much more than LINGO. I think the bottom line is that the effect of LINGO either in a knockout setting or other settings is pretty robust on re-myelination animal models in general, including EAE. And then in terms of combining, is it better with Gilenya?
Doug Williams: We have some  we publish data that suggests that just to be cautious about these S1P antagonists, some of them actually have negative effects on all the good intersite differentiation and myelination. So, I think it needs to be studied further, but I think its a very complex field, because many of these antagonists cross to multiple subtypes of S1P receptors and they can each have different activities. And so we are actually studying that quite extensively ourselves. I would also say that one of the issues that is still an open issue for us with respect to the Phase 3 study design as what we will combine with anti-LINGO assuming we get to Phase 3, what will combine with anti-LINGO as far as disease modifying therapy. And part of that will depend upon conversations with regulators in terms of what they are going to require vis--vis the kind of labeling that we would be able to achieve. So, thats an open question and one thats under active debate right now, but we will obviously require some input from the regulators in terms of how that proceeds in Phase 3.
George Scangos: Yaron, on your first part of your question as we have said in the past over time, IMS seems to be predictive in any given week or any given quarter. It can have some wobbling as it tracks. Our inventory in the channel actually as I mentioned modestly went down. So, I dont think thats kind of driving it. It maybe gross to net as I pointed out. We had originally thought in our plan that the gross to net percentage would approach AVONEX this year and its probably really closer to mid-teens rate. So, we are getting a little bit of favorability, which pulled through in the second quarter that may account for some of it.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Matthew Harrison with Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
Matthew Harrison - Morgan Stanley: Great, thanks. Good morning everybody. I just wanted to ask on when you launch TECFIDERA in the U.S. you obviously saw sort of a pattern of TYSABRI patients or some weakness in TYSABRI, its hard for me to breakout whats going on in Europe given some of the agreements and one-time items. I am wondering if you think we should expect to see that in Europe as well or not. And then Paul can you just be specific on what the sort of gross to net swing for TECFIDERA in the U.S. was? Thanks.
Tony Kingsley: Thanks Mathew. Its Tony. So the short answer is, yes we have expected to see some TECFIDERA impact on TYSABRI but  in Europe, but substantially you did relative to what we saw in the U.S. the reality is in 2013 there was one of the issues with TYSABRI in 2013 is outside the U.S. and largely in Europe. We had a bunch of patients who would discontinue and switch to Gilenya. Any how we also had Gilenya in front of TYSABRI. So, we think we actually absorbed a lot of that impact of the oral switch frankly when we didnt have TECFIDERA in the market. We are going to see some switch from TYSABRI to TECFIDERA. We think its less dramatic than in the U.S. frankly, because a bunch of it happened with Gilenya, I think 12 months ago.
Paul Clancy: And then Matt, with respect to the TECFIDERA kind of gross to net question, I wouldnt characterize it or portrait it as a swing. I think I would portrait more as our prior thinking and kind of conversations with you had been that we have  what we had thought originally was approaching AVONEX like which would have getting it close to 20 and its probably more mid-teens-ish. And we are just benefiting from that vis--vis our original plan.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Terence Flynn with Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Terence Flynn - Goldman Sachs: Hi, thanks for taking the questions. First on ALPROLIX anything notable about the early adopters that you have seen there and any thing we can read through to ELOCTATE. And I know its still early there early days, but anything we can read through from ALPROLIX or ELOCTATE. And then Paul on SG&A leverage you mentioned a commitment there again I think consensus is modeling about 1% improvement is that the right order of magnitude? Thanks.
Tony Kingsley: Good question, Tony on hemophilia. So look with ALPROLIX we are pleased to be clear. We always said this was difficult to predict to be  what the trajectory would be because its such a patient driven market and there hasnt been a new entrant in some time. Look having said that, we always thought there would be a cohort of patients that we can activate more quickly prophylaxis patients who are really bought the proposition were well-informed. And there were certainly investigators or others who are more familiar with the product. So I think we have demonstrated that that has happened and thats how we sort of captured is the early adopters, which is good. We are very pleased with that. We are getting access to HTCs, but on ALPROLIX I think the harder work begins now which is that next year patients convincing them this is the right value proposition and activating I mean getting the physicians ready. We feel very pleased with the execution. ELOCTATE, yes, early days, too early to comment on the performance. We are also confident in the ELOCTATE product profile. Its a less simple cell frankly. The ALPROLIX once a week cell is a pretty straightforward message. Its easier to counter position. You only have to listen to some of the competitors earnings calls to talk about what they are doing. So we have some work to do to get out and educate physicians and patients. We think the extended half life makes a big difference for patients. And we think we are going to be able to communicate that message to patients and also to hemophilia treatment center. So early days but pleased with where we are.
Paul Clancy: Terence, on the SG&A leverage question, so the 100 basis points I mean is certainly not crazy, I mean its obviously going to be a function of revenue as we spin into 2015. I would hate to go get pinned down on that. Let me kind of give you more broadly the thinking. The thinking more broadly is look we have realized the SG&A growth has been pretty meaningful, right. I mean just in terms of raw dollars, its been very meaningful. We have all along thought that that has been the right business judgment to make during this unprecedented time of launches for a company our size to go through the close to handful of launches. We needed to make sure we werent as I have said before penny wise and pound foolish. Conceptually where we are thinking as we move into 2015 is that those launches we now moved to a time period of leverage. And I think thats both a cost and shareholder value perspective as well as a cultural perspective to make sure we dont kind of take a base that was designed for one reason and just keep building off the base and conceptually I think that we believe as we go into 15, 16, the resource allocation shift can actually move towards making sure were building the pipeline.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Matt Roden with UBS. Your line is open.
Matt Roden  UBS: Great, thanks very much for taking the question and congrats on the nice quarter here. Question on one of your pipeline opportunities in IPF with STX-100, Ive asked about this before, but in the past quarter, weve gone to complete Phase III datasets from other IPF drugs and they look like theyre going to be approved in the next year and so the question is if your Phase IIa data are positive in terms of the biomarkers and other signs and symptoms of disease. What would then be the next step for STX-100, would you go straight in the combination studies that will be additional Phase II work before moving into Phase III and then related, is there either one of the two assets that are out there that look more combinable or more attractive as a combination partner. Thanks very much.
Doug Williams: Hi, Matt, this is Doug. I think at the moment, the issue of combination versus whether you would target later stage patients, which presumably the labels for these two frontrunner drugs wouldnt cover. I think there is a variety of different ways that we can think about running the next series of studies. I think were still exploring the data from both the intermune and the BI study, but I think there is a lot of options that are available to us. As you point out, one option is obviously looking at combination therapy. I cant give you a clear preference yet other than to say that there is a difference in the safety profile between the two drugs and that would lead one to believe that perhaps intermune will have a lag up in terms of market share and penetration so that might be a bit more attractive to think about from a combination perspective. But I think that the differential mechanisms lend themselves to combinations and also think that this is a market thats going to evolve much like other disease modifying therapy market, not unlike MS which is not every drug will work in every patient and so the market will evolve with space for multiple entries into that market overtime and I think that STX-100 represents an attractive opportunity either a single agent or potentially in combination with one or both of those agents.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Robyn Karnauskas with Deutsche Bank. Your line is open. Robyn Karnauskas, your line is open.
Robyn Karnauskas  Deutsche Bank: Hi guys, sorry about that, I was on mute. Thanks for taking my question. So on Alzheimers program, can you just walk us through the rationale Al for I am targeting the insoluble form of A-beta versus the soluble form and why you think that will work. And then just any color on the second generation (exonerated) hemophilia product with AVONEX, what could be the timeline, whats the height  the science behind the longer halfway for that technology? Thanks.
Al Sandrock: Yes. Hi, Robyn this is Al. So we  if we have a drug that binds to soluble forms, its going to have a hard time getting to the plaque and because there is soluble forms not only as circulating in the blood, but also there is going to be soluble forms all around the brain. So if you really want to  and many of the dystrophic neuritis are around the plaque, so we think the plaque if we can remove the plaque, we can remove not only the fibular forms of A-beta, but all the other smaller forms, the oligomers that we believe are toxic are not only to synapses, but also to nerve fibers. So I think having a drug that targets the plaque allows access of the antibody to  we think the core of where the toxic proteins are emanating from and thats our rationale. Also if we look back at the old paper that we are with the neuroimmune antibody came from, those are patients in that small study of 30 patients who developed antibodies to plaque amyloids. Actually, we are doing better around the patients who have not developed antibodies to plaque amyloid on targeted studies. And it was a basis of that paper that was published in Europe, 9 years ago that got us excited in the particular antibody.
Doug Williams: Robyn, this is Doug. I think you are alluding to the next generation factor 8 that utilizes the X10 technology that could come into the clinic as early as next year, thats our hope. And the technology behind that molecule is really based on the fact that if you look at all of the extended half life factor 8 molecules that are out there, they are all clustered around 1.5 to twofold greater half life than the unmodified versions of factor 8. Thats because they interact with von Willebrand factor. And so we set about trying to engineer the molecule to sort of breakthrough that barrier and based on the preclinical data that we have accumulated thus far, it looks like that we have probably another twofold extension of the half life beyond what we have with a lock take right now, which could be very meaningful from the standpoint of further extending the frequency of infusions for patients with hemophilia A. So, we are hoping to bring that forward as early as next year.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Geoff Meacham with JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Geoff Meacham - JPMorgan: Good morning, guys. Thanks for the taking the questions. One for Doug or Al, so when you look at anti-LINGO and MS, I know its tough to say specifically, but mechanistically should there be a meaningful difference between 12 months and 18 months of treatment? And are you guys assuming for these novel endpoints a decline in the AVONEX-only arm? And then just a quick one for Tony on the Daclizumab, you have Phase 3 data in hand, just wanted to get the early kind of read about how you are thinking about positioning? Thanks.
Al Sandrock: So, Geoff, this is Al. I mean, as Doug said in his great answer to this question, what we are trying to do is to learn as much as we can. This is really the first well-controlled trial of any drug for re-myelination. What we are trying to do in the MS study and in the combination of the MS and optic neuritis studies to understand first, do we get re-myelination when we look at images? Second, do we get any electrophysiologic consequences? So, thats why we are looking at nerve conduction velocity in the optic neuritis. And then the third and this is the most important thing is whats the connection of these biological changes, if you will, or electrophysiologic changes to clinical endpoints, because ultimately thats what we are going to have to show on Phase 3 is assuming we get re-myelination or preservation of axon, are we going to get improvement in disability, are we going to get improvement in cognition? And so  and the timing of these things is probably going to be different. For example, I could imagine that we will get a rapid effect on re-myelination more rapid and then you would have a delayed effect on axon preservation and even more delayed effect on cognition or disability improvement. I think its the timing of this and the correlation as Doug said between these biological measurements of these clinical endpoints that we are trying to sort out in these two studies.
Tony Kingsley: Its Tony. On Daclizumab, look with obviously top line data that has been released, we will have to see as the full dataset gets released and so forth how the market reacts. So, we dont have a sort of detailed market bag, but we think there is clearly a place for this. Its got a nice combination of efficacy one times a month dosing. I think physicians are intrigued by the MOA, which gives them another option, the open questions through registration and labeling, where it comes out in terms of safety monitoring and all that other stuff. There is a meaningful switch population of patients still who are going to come off injectables, who are going to come off orals. And there are people for whom TYSABRI patients, (indiscernible) this might be appropriate. So, we are going to have do the more detail as we get the more detailed data, but it feels like there is  its an interesting mechanism that has physicians intrigued and it feels like there is a package there that could have a meaningful place in the market.
George Scangos: So, Geoff, this is George, let me just pickup a little bit on the LINGO question, because at the end of 12 months, when we do the interim analysis, we will know the data, alright and which is the important aspect for us. And there will be a group of people in here who will know and thats important for us to know how to start planning for the Phase 3, how they design it. We are incredibly excited about this project as lots of people outside the company seem to be because of its potential and we just want to make sure we get it right. The important thing is that we get a good trial that gives us an accurate picture of the potential of LINGO and that we dont jeopardize that trial. It will be part of the registration package, its not a Phase 3 pivotal trial, but it will be an important part of the registration package and so the two most important criteria is that we know the data so we can start planning and that we conduct the trial and dont impact the integrity of the trial. Unfortunately that means the likely delay of one we would tell you the data although, the trial itself seems to be somewhere ahead of schedule. So, thats  those are the reasons and wed like to be transparent as we always knew, but we have other considerations to think about here as well.
Operator: I would now like to turn the conference back over to our presenters.
George Scangos: Okay. There are no further questions. Thank you all for your attendance this morning and we can all get back to work. Thanks everybody.
Operator: This concludes todays conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2014 Q1  (2014-04-23 08:00:00) =====
Executives: Claudine Prowse  Vice President Investor Relations George A. Scangos  Chief Executive Officer & Director Tony Kingsley  Executive Vice President Global Commercial Operations Douglas E. Williams  Executive Vice President Research & Development Paul J. Clancy  Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President Finance
Analyst: Ravi Mehrotra  Credit Suisse Michael Yee  RBC Capital Markets Mark Schoenebaum  ISI Group Eric Schmidt  Cowen & Company Geoff Porges  Sanford C. Bernstein Matt Roden  UBS Geoff Meacham  JP Morgan Terence Flynn  Goldman Sachs Matthew Harrison  Morgan Stanley Yaron Weber  Citi Brian Abrahams  Wells Fargo Robyn Karnauskas  Deutsche Bank Ying Huang  Barclays Capital 
 :
Operator:  At this time I would like to welcome everyone to the Biogen Idec first quarter 2014 earnings conference call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers remarks there will be a question and answer session. (Operator Instructions) Claudine Prowse, VP Investor Relations, you may begin your conference.
Claudine Prowse : Welcome to Biogen Idecs first quarter 2014 earnings conference call. Before we begin, I encourage everyone to go to the investors section of www.BiogenIdec.com to find the press release and related financial tables including a reconciliation of the non-GAAP financial measures that well discuss today. Our GAAP financials are provided in tables one and two. Table three includes a reconciliation of our GAAP to non-GAAP financial results which we believe better represents the ongoing economics of our business and reflects how we manage the business internally. We have also posted slides on our website that follow the discussion related to this call.  I would like to point out that we will be making forward-looking statements which are based on our current expectations and beliefs. These statements are subject to certain risks and uncertainties and our actual results may differ materially. I encourage you to consult our SEC filings for additional detail.  On todays call Im joined by our Chief Executive Officer Dr. George Scangos; Tony Kingsley, EVP of Global Commercial Operations; Dr. Doug Williams, EVP of Research and Development; and our CFO Paul Clancy. Now, Ill turn the call over to George. 
George A. Scangos: Biogen Idec had an excellent start to 2014 with successful milestone accomplishments and solid financial performance. We secured approval for TECFIDERA in the EU, launched in Germany, and some other countries. ALPROLIX was approved for hemophilia B in the US and Canada. We continued to move two of our late-stage pipeline candidates, ELOCTATE for hemophilia A and PLEGRIDY for MS, through the registration processes towards anticipated approvals this year. We strengthened our pipeline through new collaborations with Eisai and Sangamo in areas that fit within our strategic therapeutic focus, and first quarter financial performance reflected 51% growth in revenues and 25% growth in non-GAAP EPS year-over-year. So, this month marks the one-year anniversary of the US introduction of TECFIDERA. Its introduction has dramatically shifted the US market for MS therapy. Weve seen an expansion of the MS market and within that TECFIDERA is the number one oral MS therapy in the US, achieving over $1 billion in revenue during the first year of launch. We launched TECFIDERA in initially European countries, beginning in February and already there appears to be broad interest among physicians and patients. Based on the continued strong demand in the US and the encouraging early signs in the EU, we believe that TECFIDERAs attractive product profile positions it well for the long run. The approval and anticipated launch of ALPROLIX marks an important milestone for our company as we expand into the hemophilia market. ALPROLIX is the first hemophilia B therapy to reduce bleeding episodes with prophylactic infusions at least a week apart. We believe that this therapy has the potential to change the standard of care in hemophilia and significantly improve patients lives. As weve done for so many years in multiple sclerosis, our goal is to bring a diligent patient centric approach to addressing the hemophilia community. Our keen focus on patients permeates everything that we do from our direct interactions with patients, to our assistance programs, to our continuing R&D efforts. We remain focused on making decisions that are right for patients. Last month, the FDA extended the PDUFA date of PLEGRIDY, our subcutaneous peginterferon beta-1a candidate for relapsing forms of MS to allow additional time for review of the application, while obviously not the news we were hoping to hear, a three-month PDUFA extension is not uncommon, particularly for applications involving MS therapies. We look forward to the potential launch of PLEDGRIDYin the second half of the year.  Weve continued to make strides to expand our global presence beyond Europe and the US. In Japan, we obtained marketing approval for TYSABRI and filed a marketing application for ELOCTATE. Japan is the second-largest pharmaceutical market in the world with attractive dynamics, and it is an important long-term priority for the company.  So in summary, I think were off to a great start for 2014, and Ill turn the call over to Doug.
Douglas E. Williams: Were excited about the approval of ALPROLIX. ALPROLIX is a recombinant DNA derived long-acting coagulation Factor IX concentrate indicated in the US for both adults and children with hemophilia B. In the US, ALPROLIX is indicated for the control and prevention of bleeding episodes perioperative management, and routine prophylaxis to prevent or reduce the frequency of bleeding episodes. Starting dosing regimens for prophylaxis are 50 international units per kilogram once weekly or 100 IUs per kilogram once every 10 days. Dosing can be adjusted based on individual response.  The safety and tolerability information including in the US label is consistent with data from the Phase 3 Study. The most common adverse reaction observed were headache and oral paresthesia. In summary, were pleased to have obtained what we believe is an attractive and differentiating product label for ALPROLIX.  Earlier this month, we along with our partner Sobi, announced topline results from the ELOCTATE Kids A-LONG Phase 3 study in pediatric patients with hemophilia A. These data demonstrated that twice weekly prophylactic dosing with ELOCTATE maintained low bleeding rates in children. We believe these results support the potential for ELOCTATE to address a significant need for children with hemophilia A by providing prolonged intervals between scheduled prophylactic infusions to protect against bleeding episodes.  The tolerability, safety, and relative half-life were consistent with those observed in previous clinical studies and no inhibitors were detected. These data support applications for pediatric indications globally and are a necessary step to obtaining marketing authorization in Europe. The ALPROLIX Kids B-LONG study remains ongoing with data expected in the first half of 2015.  Transitioning to our neurology programs, we continue to generate new data to support our products and better understand our pipeline candidates. At next weeks American Academy of Neurology Meeting, well be presenting important new data for several of our programs. Specifically, well present TECFIDERA data that demonstrates strong efficacy in various patient subgroups including those with more active disease. Results from the TECFIDERA managed study show that GI symptoms experienced by some patients are often transient in nature. For PLEGRIDY, well present post-hoc analysis from year one of the advanced study demonstrating a higher proportion of patients taking PLEGRIDY to achieve freedom from measured disease activity. Well also present final two year data providing further support for this product candidates efficacy and safety profile.  Finally, new TYSABRI data demonstrate its efficacy benefits in patients switching to TYSABRI versus maintaining the use of alternative therapies. This quarter, we also completed a number of transactions that provide Biogen Idec with access to promising new clinical candidates. Our collaboration with Sangamo BioSciences is focused on an innovative gene editing technology with the potential to treat sickle cell disease and beta-thalassemia.  Our agreement with Eisai expands our efforts to develop disease modifying therapies for Alzheimers disease. In recent years, meaningful advances have increased our understanding in both trial design and target selection for Alzheimers disease. The optimal therapeutic approach for AD remains uncertain, and we believe its prudent to evaluate multiple therapeutic methods for treating the disease. With the Eisai transaction, weve gained access to two-mid stage clinical candidates for AD, a small molecule BACE1 inhibitor and a monoclonal antibody targeting beta-amyloid. Combined with BIIB037 and our anti-tau program in preclinical testing, we now have four potential Alzheimers disease candidates with three different mechanisms. Looking forward, we also anticipate data from several clinical studies including the Phase 3 Daclizumab HYP DECIDE study in relapsing MS patients. Rather than a placebo controlled study design, the DECIDE study sets a higher standard with a compelling two to three head-to-head design versus interferon beta treatment. The primary endpoint is the reduction in annualized relapse rate. We remain on track for obtaining DECIDE data around the middle of this year.  Ill now pass the call over to Tony.
Tony Kingsley : During the quarter we continued to grow total MS patient share across our franchise. Starting with TECFIDERA, performance in the US remains strong and the global introduction is under way. After one year on the market, over 65,000 patients have been treated with TECFIDERA globally. In the US, we continue to be pleased with how broadly neurologists have adopted TECFIDERA. As of Q1 approximately 7,000 physicians have written TECFIDERA in the US and were also encouraged by deeper usage among writers as approximately 75% of all TECFIDERA prescribers have written multiple subscriptions. According to our market research TECIFDERA is the leading therapy for newly diagnosed MS patients. One year into the US launch we believe TECIFDERA is continuing to stimulate higher switch rates. While we anticipate the patient start and switch dynamics to remain strong, we continue to believe that the overall market growth rates will moderate towards historical levels during 2014.  Outside of the US, we believe TECIFDERA is also performing well in other launch markets. In both Canada and Australia, our market research suggest the TECIFDERA is outpacing the other orals on the market when comparing the initial months of launch. In Germany, were encouraged by the early signs. In addition to driving strong execution on promotion and education, were actively engaging with reimbursement authorities across multiple markets. Australia gained full year reimbursement in December and we expect to gain government reimbursement in Canada later this year. In year up we have secured full reimbursement, in [doorway] and Scotland. Our local market access teams are executing well and we continue to expect the series of reimbursement decisions across European markets in the latter half of the year.  AVONEX continued to perform well globally in the first quarter. In the US as the injectable class continues to decline, the demand for AVONEX is softening as we anticipated. But within the injectable class we believe AVONEX is emerging as the interferon of choice. Outside the US we are maintaining strong AVONEX promotional efforts in advance of anticipated TECIFDERA launches and we remain committed to maintaining strong relative position for AVONEX among the platform therapies as that segment of the market declines. We continue to believe the convenience remains the key differentiator for this segment.  Moving onto TYSABRI, in the US demand for TYSABRI remains solid as physicians continue to choose this therapy for patients requiring higher efficacy treatment. Were also encouraged by a recent uptick in patient retention rates. Importantly, in patients who have discontinued TYSABRI, approximately 70% have stayed within our franchise during the first quarter. In Europe we believe that as TECIFDERA is launched across individual markets TYSABRI may experience similar dynamics that we saw in the US. Overall, we continue to believe in TYSABRI as a leader in the high efficacy segment.  Now turning to our new hemophilia business. Were currently in launch mode for ALPROLIX in the US and anticipate having patients on commercial therapy starting in early May. Based on NHF guidelines, traditional hemophilia B therapy requires prophylactic infusions two or more times a week. Given the clarity of our label, we believe our value is very clear for the majority of patients. 50 international units per kilogram will cover a patient for a week, or 100 IUs per kilogram starting every 10 days and adjusting the dosing based on individual response. Our market research suggests that reducing infusion frequency is the largest unmet need for this community and we expect ALPROLIX will directly address this burden.  With the approval of ALPROLIX in the US, we are focused on two immediate objectives: first, to initiate comprehensive education to physicians, payers, and advocacy groups; and second, to facilitate access to patients starting on ALPROLIX. Our commercial team is actively establishing contracts with specialty pharmacies, finalizing the supply chain, and establishing the financial and patient support programs which we believe will enable a smooth launch.  We believe that patients and physicians are anticipating the entry of long acting therapies to the market and we are excited to be first. Our commitment is to transform the care of people with hemophilia and facilitate expanded use of prophylactic treatment. A successful launch will require extensive promotional and educational efforts and our commercial organization is executing on this strategy. Our goal is to become market leaders in the mid to long term and we believe in the product and our ability to execute.  Overall, Im very pleased with the performance of the commercial organization. Across an expanding portfolio of therapies we are demonstrating strong execution and good results. Ill now pass the call to Paul.
Paul J. Clancy : Our GAAP diluted earnings per share were $2.02 in the first quarter and our non-GAAP diluted earnings per share were $2.47. Before I walk through the P&L there are a number of items to remember with respect to the year-over-year comparisons. These include: the TYSABRI asset purchase which impacted revenue and COGS; the RITUXAN arbitration charge in Q1 last year; and an unusually low effective tax rate from Q1 2013. Also, this quarters results were impacted by $118 million R&D expense related to our Eisai transaction as Doug reviewed. This agreement impacted EPS in the quarter by approximately $0.35. Now, walking down the P&L Ill start with revenues. Total revenue for the first quarter grew to approximately $2.1 billion. First quarter AVONEX worldwide revenue was $761 million. In the US, Q1 AVONEX revenue decreased 3% to $476 million and outside the US Q1 AVONEX revenue was $285 million. TYSABRI worldwide revenue net of hedging was $441 million in the first quarter. These results were comprised of $234 million in the US and $207 million internationally.  Global TECFIDERA revenue was $506 million in Q1. US TECFIDERA was $460 million. We ended the quarter with approximately five weeks of inventory in the channel which includes specialty pharmacies and wholesalers. We estimate that US TECFIDERA revenue includes an incremental inventory build of approximately $45 million versus the end of last year. International TECFIDERA revenue was $46 million in the first quarter with Germany being the primary contributor. We estimate approximately $10 million to $15 million of Germany sales in Q1 were related to inventory build.  Turning to our anti-CD20 franchise, RITUXIN and GAZYVA US profit share was $275 million for Q1. Royalties and profit share in sales of RITUXIN outside the US were $22 million. The result was $297 million of net revenue from unconsolidated joint business.  Now turning to the expense lines of the non-GAAP P&L. Q1 non-GAAP cost of goods sold were $279 million or 13% of revenue. The increase year-over-year was primarily driven by TYSABRI contingent payments and royalties. Q1 non-GAAP R&D expense was $527 million or 25% of revenue. The increase year-over-year was primarily driven by our recently announced agreement with Eisai where we recorded a $118 million R&D charge. This amount consisted of a $100 million upfront payment and $18 million reflecting the value of options for certain programs and geographic rights. Q1 non-GAAP SG&A expense was $509 million or 24% of revenue. We continue to make significant investments associated with TECFIDERA and the upcoming hemophilia launches. Our Q1 non-GAAP tax rate was approximately 27%. Weighted average diluted shares were 238 million and we ended the quarter with almost $2 billion in cash and marketable securities of which approximately 70% is within the United States. This brings us to our non-GAAP diluted earnings per share which were $2.47 for the quarter, an increase of 25%. Now, turning to our updated full year 2014 guidance. We now expect total revenue growth between 26% and 28% an increase from prior guidance owing to AVONEX and TYSABRI buoyance compared to our prior expectations. Our 2014 guidance continues to exclude the impact of a settlement with AIFA as the timing of the final approval of this agreement remains uncertain.  R&D expense is expected to be between 20% and 22% of sales unchanged from prior guidance. Our full year R&D forecast continues to earmark approximately $200 million for new early stage business development opportunities of which the Eisai transaction is included in this amount. SG&A expense is expected to be approximately 22% to 23% of total revenue also, unchanged. We anticipate non-GAAP earnings per share results between $11.35 and $11.45 and GAAP EPS to be between $9.85 and $9.95.  Now, over to George for his closing comments.
George A. Scangos: In closing, were off to a strong start for the year and looking forward we have several crucial milestones and activities that require our intense focus. First, expanding TECFIDERA into new markets as we seek to serve more patients with MS. Were launching three additional products ALPROLIX for hemophilia B and other potential launches this year including ELOCTATE for hemophilia A and PLEGRIDY for relapsing MS. Were advancing the next wave of new potential medicines. In the coming 12 to 18 months we anticipate a number of data readouts including Phase 3 results for Daclizumab HYP in relapsing MS and for TYSABRI in SPMS, as well as, early and mid stage data for a number of compounds in the pipeline including LINGO. Continuing to focus on innovation we believe that Biogen Idec scientific acumen and robust pipeline program give us the opportunity to not only expand our leadership position in MS but also contribute to new treatment options for patients with other series diseases. These activities are at the very core of our mission and require determination and perseverance. We believe that our team is ready to meet these objectives and we look forward to providing updates on our progress throughout the year. Id like to thank the patients and physicians who are involved in our clinical development program and our employees who are dedicated to making a positive impact on patients lives, and all of you, for joining us this morning. Operator, we can now open up the call for questions.
Operator:  (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from the line of Ravi Mehrotra  Credit Suisse.
Ravi Mehrotra  Credit Suisse: Congrats on the progress, especially TECFIDERAs launch. It's obviously not Sovaldi launch, but it is okay. My question regards biomarkers in MS, can you just remind us of the work youve done or are doing to look at the potential of biomarkers to predict response rates for treatment selection in MS patients? Specifically, on LINGO, is there any clinical data historical or ongoing to support the hypothesis that LINGO expression where activation is increased in MS patients? Just a very quick follow on, on the hemophilia, how should we think about gross-to-net revenues?
Douglas E. Williams: Ill take the first two and then let either Tony or Paul handle the gross-to-net question. Biomarkers, obviously thats very important part of the ongoing research activities here. Theres really two major questions that were trying to approach with the biomarker activity thats part of our clinical trial program. One is really trying to characterize patients who have either a more or lesser, in terms of aggressiveness, disease course to really try to match them up with certain therapies that may have greater activity and a higher level of disease activity, so for instance, with TYSABRI-like molecule in patients with more aggressive disease. So, were looking at things like RNA profiling, were looking at all the laboratory tests that are collected in these patients, were looking at MRI activity, clinical relapses, EDSS progression, and really looking across those data sets to try to see whether or not theres a signature and that signature can be one or more of those parameters that I just named that correlate with a greater level of disease activity. That information, at the time of diagnosis, may help physicians choose the appropriate therapy for their patients at the time of diagnosis. The sort of bigger question were trying to get at with respect to our own portfolio of drugs is, can in fact we use similar types of algorithms to predict patients who will have a greater or lesser response to our therapies or potentially may experience a safety event that we want to steer them away from. So, all of our studies have very extensive sampling embedded in them now, thats true of our MS studies, its actually true of all of our clinical studies now, probably not unlike all of our compatriot companies out there as well. Again, the idea here is to try to match up the appropriate patient with the appropriate drug either in terms of the best response to therapy or steering them away from a potential safety event. A lot of work still to be done, but I think theres progress being made and you can expect that well have data reading out over the course of the next months and years that will be presented at major medical meetings to describe what weve been finding. With respect to LINGO, a lot of the hypothesis around the use of LINGO is based on some data from several years back that was based on autopsy specimens from patients with MS showing that in lesions there were in fact pre-myelinating oligodendrocytes, so the cells that are capable of re-myelination are actually present in the lesions, but they are blocked from maturing by one or more factors. LINGO is clearly one of them based on the experimental data that weve accumulated.  I dont know that there is specific data in autopsy specimens that show an increased level of LINGO versus whats present in sort of normal brain tissue but its clearly present. If you think about whats happening, weve got essentially a targeted delivery of the drug because of the breakdown of the blood/brain barrier in and around those lesions. So, where were going to be able to reverse the inhibition of myelination and allow the maturation of those oligodendrocyte precursor cells is specifically in the area where the blood/brain barrier has broken down. You can see this very clearly happening in the animal models, so our expectation is thats whats going to happen in the human situation as well; and the targeted delivery of the anti-LINGO molecule releasing the block on myelination and hopefully a sufficient level of re-myelination taking place to show clinical benefit in these patients.
Tony Kingsley : On your question about channel discount, look its steady state. Our research suggests that the gross-to-net in the hemophilia space tend to run higher, probably meaningfully higher than what were used to seeing in MS. Theres really two big pieces to that. One is the channel, so you have specialty pharmacies, specialty distributors, and home health. The second is theres a meaningful portion of the patients that go through 340B designated hemophilia treatment centers. Were going to have to see how that evolves, it will depend a lot on the mix of the patients, and I just think well have to look over the next handful of quarters. I think mix will be a big driver.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Michael Yee  RBC Capital Markets.
Michael Yee  RBC Capital Markets: You just launched TECFIDERA in Europe and Im just trying to understand, based on your feedback so far or your research, whether you think theres different demand dynamics in sort of the three different pools: newly diagnosed versus switchers versus the quitter pool versus say the US, and are there differences there that we should consider obviously other than price versus the US? Then just as a follow up to that, youve mentioned now multiple times in slides and your 10-K about BIIB061, so as I think about the trajectory and longevity of your oral franchise that youre working on, can you say anything about that drug as to whether its remyelinating or anything about BIBB061 that would keep down the suspense?
Tony Kingsley : On Europe look, I think Ive said before we continue to believe in the product and are looking forward to launching it. We highlighted a couple of differences in general in Europe which were third oral to market. The other orals [inaudible] more traction perhaps less clear in participation by the community given the uncertainty and the regulatory delays. Like we said before, thats going to take hard work. Were working hard.  If I look at Germany, were getting great execution, were getting reach and frequency, were getting access to customers and were seeing interest and were getting patients on therapy so were encouraged by the signs in Germany. In terms of talking about the trajectory and the mix across pools its probably a little early to make that call. As I think you know, in Germany the data is more lag driven IMS basis, were looking at shipments and various things like that so probably a little early to make a more specific mix but I think the message is getting access to customers and seeing interest and encouraged by the early signs. 
Douglas E. Williams: BIIB061 that is an oral remyelinating drug in much the same way disease modifying therapies are moving towards an oral platform approach, we see the same thing happening in the remyelinating space. So, as LINGO is the biologic and is the first generation of what we hope will be a successful remyelination franchise, BIIB061 is working through a different mechanism which were not prepared to disclose at this point but does very much the same thing that LINGO does in the experimental models so were quite excited about initiating the clinical program with the molecule.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Mark Schoenebaum  ISI Group.
Mark Schoenebaum  ISI Group: A couple of questions, one maybe for Paul, I just thought Id take this opportunity, you guys choose to include the upfront R&D payments in your non-GAAP EPS numbers. A couple of other companies out there dont do that, Im just wondering why it? It creates volatility on a quarter like this. Thats an old school CFO question so I appreciate it. Then also, if theyre already BG-12 contingent payments that were made in the quarter, would it be possible for you to tell us what they were? Then Doug, how does the base inhibitor from Eisai differ from Merck or AZs drug which I think are already in Phase 3 so you guys are pretty far behind I guess and Im just wondering why you think you still have got a shot at being competitive?
Paul J. Clancy : The delineation we generally make is purchase accounting items are in our GAAP P&L but not in our non-GAAP P&L so that has been a practice. Essentially what we view as these upfronts and milestones are part in parcel to the business, they come in lumps as we saw in this quarter, as weve seen in last quarter but its essentially part and parcel to the business but we do make that kind of delineation. 
Mark Schoenebaum  ISI Group: Did you make a cash payment to Fumaderm in the quarter?
Paul J. Clancy : We did. It was a cash payment that was earned in the fourth quarter and paid out technically in the first quarter of 2014.
Mark Schoenebaum  ISI Group: Do you have the amount?
Paul J. Clancy : Gosh, off the top of my head I dont. I believe it was $25 million.
Douglas E. Williams: With respect to the base compound, we did very extensive diligence on the compound before we licensed it in and actually thought the profile was very favorable from a safety perspective with the caveat that theres still a ways to go on development to really understand that completely. I would say the same thing is true with both the Merck compound and the AZ compound, nobody has actually gotten there yet so the opportunity is still very much there. We like the profile of the compound. We also like the ability, potentially, if the compound is successful in the clinic to start thinking about combinations between the base inhibitor and one or both of our anti-beta amyloid antibodies or potentially the anti-tau antibodies. So, were looking at this from sort of a portfolio approach in addition to just the individual compound which we like the profile as we saw it.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Eric Schmidt  Cowen & Company.
Eric Schmidt  Cowen & Company: I was a bit surprised that AVONEX is doing so well within the interferon class. What do you scribe that to? Is there some kind of beneficial franchise effect going on there with TECFIDERA? Then for Paul, was there also an R&D upfront to Sangamo in the quarter?
Tony Kingsley : A very good question. I think the short answer is yes, I think TECFIDERA has probably taken disproportionally from the high dose high frequency interferons relative to AVONEX. I think that makes sense when you take into account those tend to be more [switch two] products relative to AVONEX. So, if TECFIDERA gets in front of that switch I think youre seeing a positive manifest. But, I would also add with an increased focus on promotion we think were putting some very good effort to see the continuation of the story behind AVONEX so a little of each.
Paul J. Clancy : Eric, there was a Sangamo payment in the first quarter that was for $20 million, upfront payment. That was actually in our original press release with Sangamo. The Eisai, if you recall, the financial terms werent disclosed until today just because of the partnership at the time.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Geoff Porges  Sanford C. Bernstein.
Geoff Porges  Sanford C. Bernstein: Just a follow up on first of all the Eisai, Paul could you confirm whether if the products are successful you will report the revenue or whether that will simply be a profit sharing that reports below the line? Then further to the $200 million that you allowed for BD activity, with what youve spent in the first quarter should we assume theres only 50 to 80 left for the balance of the year? Then lastly, with your step up in your revenue guidance and keeping the expense guidance the same it certainly applies that your expenses are going to be higher than you previously anticipated. Is that the right way to look at it and should we be expecting this higher level of SG&A spend to be the baseline going forward?
Paul J. Clancy : All good questions. With respect to the first part of the question, Eisai essentially is about $118 million of the $200 earmarked and so what is the balance is exactly as you noted and we obviously had an eye towards the Eisai deal when we set up the original guidance. We actually continue to work on business development transactions but I mean, quite frankly, the pipeline was far more advanced right before the Eisai transaction than it is right now. I think its much closer to an earmark. I dont know if it will be 100, or 60, or 80, but well update people along the way as we go.  The Eisai transaction is essentially a 50/50 split with the exception of certain geographies that are really dependent on Eisai. Specifically, the Japan geography of whether or not they want to bring that into the collaboration or not. From a perspective of development 50/50 with a respect from a commercialization and 50/50 in terms of profits assuming one or two of the products get to market. We havent yet determined who would be taking the lead on different geographies and I think at this point in time that would probably guide our revenue model. So, its a little bit early to tell how the geography lands in the P&L but it is in essence a 50/50. Then youre last part of the question yes, I think youre right is that implicit is a little bit of increase. Its probably in the $30 million, $40 million, $50 million range for SG&A spending. We have consciously over the last 12 months in this year made the decision on SG&A spending not to be penny wise and pound foolish. Were kind of at an unprecedented period of time in what weve gone through in 2013 in launching TECFIDERA in the US. Were very excited to be launching TECHFIDERA in Europe after a lot of hard work in the back end of the year and the same thing on hemophilia. I think that what were doing right now is making sure we really appropriately fund all these launches and as we move into 2015 well take a much more critical eye towards really trying to get SG&A leverage which weve talked about. I cant really exactly tell you the amount at this point but were going to be taking a much more critical eye. So, I think we pivot mentally from really thinking hard about making sure we fund these critical launches to kind of pivoting towards looking to making sure were not over funding and over expensing on the items in the P&L.
Operator:  Your next question comes from the line of Matt Roden  UBS.
Matt Roden  UBS: Tony, you mentioned the five weeks of inventory for TECFIDERA, we understand that weekly demand is still growing but are we getting to the point in the launch in the US that we need to think about normalization of that inventory as we think ahead to second quarter and second half of the year? Then also, you guys have recently commented on the pricing approach for ALPROLIX which on a net basis looks to be about parity, just wondering if we should assume youll adopt the same philosophy with ELOCTATE as well?
Paul J. Clancy : Ill take the first part of that. I think thats overall correct is that we will probably likely see not as much increase in terms of inventory in the channel. We keep a watchful eye on that. We are a bit of a player in that but certainly whats most important is to make sure the specialty pharmacies have product for the patient and the wholesalers dont have any kind of excessive product. I think if you just look at the run rate I think there may be a little bit of upward inventory over the next few quarters but I think it certainly moderates in terms of the impact.
Tony Kingsley : On the ALPROLIX pricing as you know, the math can get complicated but I think your read of the basic intent is right. No comment at this point how that might translate to [other CPD].
Operator:  Your next question comes from Geoff Meacham  JP Morgan. 
Geoff Meacham  JP Morgan: A high level question for you Tony, when you look at US TECFIDERA youve obviously been in the market for the year, what types of MS patients are coming on today and how does that compare to when you launched? Then a question for Doug, I know its tough on the LINGO opportunity to say specifically, I dont know if theres a lot of data out there, but how does a compromised blood/brain barrier correlated to disease severity, or say progression, or say relapse frequency, things like that that try to correlate that outcome to the clinical benefit or worsening?
Tony Kingsley : Look, I think the interesting thing is theres not a dramatic change in the [inaudible] and it speaks a little bit more to the start the product got off too. As I think we pointed out early days, we got a meaningful portion of newly diagnosed pretty much out of the gate and captured a nice portion of the switch pool at a broad level. I think those dynamics are still true today. Theres probably a little shift in the switch pool in terms of the nature of what patients were getting and what reasons between tolerability and efficacy but its actually a little bit more the same.  The only other wrinkle Id add to it, which is interesting, is we think TECFIDERA is keeping people from leaving the market. The market has a group of people that quite therapy every year and a group of people that return, what our research suggests is that there are fewer patients who might have quit the market absent this alternative who are staying in the market and I think thats encouraging. 
Douglas E. Williams: As far as the LINGO question and the relationship with the blood/brain barrier, what happens when theres a new lesion that develops, a relapse if you will, is that you get local breakdown of the blood/brain barrier. Thats because the release of all the inflammatory mediators that takes place locally. The point I was alluding to is that because of that localized impact on the blood/brain barrier youre going to get a relatively higher concentration of the drug in those lesions at the time the barrier breaks down which is not to say that youre not going to get drug to other older lesions, that should happen as well and in fact, the Phase 1 data confirms that we are getting sufficient quantity of drug to match the sort of IC90 level in the animal models in patients with MS in their cerebral spinal fluid. So, we know were getting drug into the brain in quantities that sort of match up with what we saw to be efficacious in the animal models, but on a relative basis, just because of the physiology of the blood/brain barrier with a new lesion, youll get relatively more delivered locally to a new lesion.   
Operator:  Your next question comes from Terence Flynn  Goldman Sachs.
Terence Flynn  Goldman Sachs: First on just the top line raise, I was wondering if you can give us anymore color behind the drivers there? Is that solely TECFIDERA or anything else youre seeing? Then the kind of follow up question to Erics on AVONEXs resiliency on the US, is there anything different on the European side that we should consider as we think about that franchise and its resiliency in Europe? 
Paul J. Clancy : The color on the raise that I give you, and this is versus our expectations and our kind of original guidance, is around the buoyance seen in AVONEX and TECFIDERA. So, it isnt per say that we see a different forecast on TECFIDERA. I think the US in TECFIDERA is kind of marching along our expectations is really five to six weeks into Europe and to Germany. So its a little early to call for that on TECFIDERA. But, what we have seen kind of just one quarter in is just AVONEX and TECFIDERA not being as impacted as much in the last 90 to 120 days.
Tony Kingsley : On AVONEX the answer actually differs market-by-market. There are some markets where we have higher dose high frequency interferon have lower share, etc., so I think its going to be the sum of Europe is the sum of a bunch of different parts. We believe similar to the US that AVONEX should do as well or better on a proportional basis as the injectables proportion of the market declines. Again, that will differ market-by-market on average, that remains our belief but well have to see as TECFIDERA rolls out across market-to-market what the individual impacts are.
Operator:  (Operator Instructions) Your next question comes from Matthew Harrison  Morgan Stanley.
Matthew Harrison  Morgan Stanley: Just two quick ones for me, one on TECFIDERA in Europe you told us youve gotten reimbursement in Norway and Scotland and that you expect reimbursement in a bunch of other geographies. I was wondering if you might be willing to help us think about what those geographies are. Then second, on TYSABRI the sequential growth in the US looks when I looked over the last couple years, what you saw this quarter was actually the second worst and the first worst was sort of when TECFIDERA launched? So Im just wondering if you can help us in terms of units? Im just wondering if you can help us think about what was going on there and was it TECFIDERA driven or something else?
Tony Kingsley : So we havent laid out a very specific schedule of what sequence we think the countries will get reimbursement in. As you know, its multiple independent events. Weve said a lot of these markets its a kind of 12 to 18 month timeframe and the generalization is the northern European markets tend to move on a little faster pace, the southern European markets then move on a little slower pace. But we think towards the end of the year and around the turn of the year well start to see some meaningful reimbursement decisions if you look at where [inaudible] national reimbursement processes typically goes on a timeline.
Paul J. Clancy : I would want to point out theres a little bit of noise in the last five quarters that you kind of see even on the graph in the earnings slide deck and what Id point out is in Q1 and Q2 of last year there was inventory movement that arose out of the transaction. So Q1 actually kind of moved revenue up by about $25 million or $26 million and as a result Q2 was depressed by that amount in the United States. I believe its in one of the footnotes.  Then, as it relates to Q1 2014 the one thing I would point out is that just the uniqueness of the way we ship TYSABRI, Q1 2014 actually had 12 shipping weeks versus all the prior quarters last year had 13 shipping weeks and its just a function of we essentially ship on Tuesdays. Its essentially a function of the number of Tuesdays in a quarter so its quite peculiar.  Now, if you rise above all that, when we look at our patient data, when we look at our discontinuations, when we look at our patient adds we still believe theres still a fair amount of homework to get TYSABRI moving in the right direction but we believe those metrics are moving in the right direction. Discontinuations were meaningfully impacted through the second and third quarter last year as many patients moved to TECFIDERA but were seeing discontinuations come back to a more normal level and were seeing actually patient adds coming into the TYSABRI franchise that is solid performance.
Operator:  Your next question comes from the line of Yaron Weber  Citi.
Yaron Weber  Citi: Ive got a couple of quick questions. One, Tony, just housekeeping were hearing that the TECFIDERA drop out due to the typical GI is around 15% to 20%. I think it was around 10 initially, it sounds up it went up a little bit, is that what youre seeing? Then secondly, I dont know if its for Doug or for [inaudible], but its a question on LINGO. When youre looking at your primary end point whether its optic neuritis, the fore field [inaudible] potential or in MS where youre using this neurofunctional neurocongnitive decline or stability in three or more months. My question is how validated are these end points in terms of your ability to adequately power against the control arm? Just help me understand a little bit how validated have you been on the studies just so we really kind of understand what to expect?
Tony Kingsley : The short answer to your question is I dont think we have any strong signal that GI is moving up or down. Were obviously monitoring that on a regular basis through a whole bunch of different data sources and no signal that theres a meaningful trend in one direction or the other.
Douglas E. Williams: With respect to the endpoints, I think the endpoints that weve chosen to use are well validated endpoints. I mean, certainly not only visual [inaudible] potential, it gives you a hard number in terms of nerve conduction velocity but also the low contrast visual acuity endpoint in that study is one thats been used for other drugs for registrational purposes. So the endpoints I believe are hard. I dont think weve released the power calculation but suffice to say that these studies are large enough and well powered enough for us to feel comfortable about whether or not we will make a go no go decision based on the data that comes out.  I should also point out that the other endpoint in the MS study is ESS progression as well so were looking at well validated tried and true endpoints in these studies on the basis of which to make our decision to go to Phase 3.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Brian Abrahams  Wells Fargo.
Brian Abrahams  Wells Fargo: On the Alzheimers front youre looking primarily at imaging endpoints with 037 and clinical endpoints with 2401 so Im wondering how do you put all that information together to determine which antibody to move forward with, in what population you might proceed. Then real quick, Im just wondering if youre expecting any shifts in US reimbursement dynamics in the MS space given some of the concerns out there for pricing for other specialty drug classes? 
Douglas E. Williams: With respect to the two different antibodies in Alzheimers disease, youre correct that there is a straight cognition endpoint with the Eisai molecule. Weve also built that in as exploratory endpoints in the BIIB037 study so the primary endpoint of the study is based on imaging as you point out but weve also built in [FDG PET] as sort of the surrogate for improvement in synaptic activity. We consider that to be sort of a surrogate clinical endpoint but were also looking at cognition and we hope to see a trend in cognition in that study as well. So, there are a number of endpoints that will help drive the decision making with respect to BIIB037 including both imaging and clinical endpoints as well.
Paul J. Clancy : On the second part of your question I mean no real additional color to provide. Certainly, were cognoscente that it could be a challenging environment. In multiple sclerosis the patient mix is kind of 80% private. At this point were very comfortable with our formulary status so well just have to continue to see where the landscape takes us. 
Operator:  Your next question comes from Robyn Karnauskas  Deutsche Bank.
Robyn Karnauskas  Deutsche Bank: The first question, on LINGO I know that its a six month trial and Ive heard from some physicians that some patients can recover faster than that especially with steroids so what are your thoughts on whether or not youll be able to see a difference between the treatment control arm giving the time element and how quickly LINGO might be able to act? The second question, what percentage of hemophilia treatments [inaudible] trial and what percentage of patients do you think would be the people who would switch first to new therapy?
Douglas E. Williams: With respect to LINGO, youre correct that there are some patients that do respond to steroid therapy and show an improvement. The natural history studies that have been done looking at the kinetics of that improvement were taking into account when we actually powered the study to hopefully see a treatment effect in LINGO versus placebo. So, remember this is a placebo control trial that is randomized. It is on top of standard of care and so we took the natural history data into account when we designed the study both in terms of duration and in terms of the design of the endpoints.
Paul J. Clancy : On the trail question on hemo, were a little bit searching each other for that answer so I dont think we have it handy but what I would point out is a couple of things. It was only about 120 or 125 patients and in fact, it was a worldwide trial and part of the rationale in a worldwide trial with the worldwide approval but also because we just needed to get to sites around the world in order to get to those patient numbers. Fundamentally we dont believe the gating issue on launch is going to be the dynamic that youre poking at. I think we just fundamentally believe that theres a big unmet need in the marketplace for longer acting factors and that will probably carry the weight. 
Operator:  Your next question comes from Ying Huang  Barclays Capital.
Ying Huang  Barclays Capital: First of all, we know that theres potential the FDA could approve a generic version of [COPAXONE] in May. I was wondering your thought on the impact on the pricing for the whole MS therapy class? Then secondly, on your collaboration with Eisai here for the [inaudible], it looks like theres encouraging [CFF beta level] lowering which is also [inaudible] but then how much faith do you have that there is a correlation between that and then the clinical endpoint in the trials? For example the [inaudible]?
Tony Kingsley : Weve said before our expectation and our business plan does assume that there will be generic [COPAXONE] in the market this year. Obviously, there remains some uncertainty around that but we plan for it. Short term, we think the impact is on branded [COPAXONE] itself. Weve also said it adds pressure to the overall market over time because it becomes an additional option that payers can use but we think its a very tough thing for payers to force a step out or switch to generic.
Douglas E. Williams: With respect to the base inhibitor, as far as the target itself there is some pretty strong genetic evidence that the enzyme itself is an important target in Alzheimers disease. Thats based on some recent data from an Icelandic cohort showing that patients who had a specific mutation in an around the [cleavage] site where the base one enzyme clips, those patients had about a 40% reduction in the amount of beta amyloid peptide that they produced and that was completely protective for those patients if they had that mutation even in the face of ApoE4, that was a protected mutation. So, 40% seems to be the target at least in terms of lifelong inhibition of the enzyme. The [inaudible] data from Phase 1 shows that you can dose escalate the compound and get to levels of inhibition sort of north of 90% at safe doses. So, we think that we have a compound thats capable of blocking the enzyme at levels that are sufficient to be meaningful and with respect to the ADAS-cog endpoint it is an accepted endpoint for clinical trials and we think its probably the most sensitive and most validated measure to use for these studies. The target is good, the endpoint is good and appropriate and well wait to see the data.
Operator:  I will now turn the conference back over to our presenters.
George A. Scangos: Thank you all for your attention today, for all the questions, and we can now all get back to work. Thanks.
Operator:  This concludes todays conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2013 Q4  (2014-01-29 08:00:00) =====
Executives: Claudine Prowse George A. Scangos - Chief Executive Officer and Director Stuart A. Kingsley - Executive Vice President of Global Commercial Operations Douglas Edward Williams - Executive Vice President of Research & Development Paul J. Clancy - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President of Finance Alfred W. Sandrock - Chief Medical Officer and Group Senior Vice President of Development Sciences
Analysts: Ravi Mehrotra - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division Eric Schmidt - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division Mark J. Schoenebaum - ISI Group Inc., Research Division Terence C. Flynn - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Geoffrey C. Porges - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division Yaron Werber - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Michael J. Yee - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division Robyn Karnauskas - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Rachel L. McMinn - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Charles Anthony Butler - Barclays Capital, Research Division Geoffrey C. Meacham - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Matthew Roden - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division
Operator: Good morning. My name is Tiffany, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Biogen Idec Fourth Quarter and Year End 2013 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Claudine Prowse, Vice President, Investor Relations, you may begin your conference.
Claudine Prowse: Thank you, Tiffany, and welcome to Biogen Idec's Fourth Quarter 2013 Earnings Conference Call. Before we begin, I encourage everyone to go to the Investors section of biogenidec.com to find the press release and related financial tables, including a reconciliation of the non-GAAP financial measures that we'll discuss today. Our GAAP financials are provided in Tables 1 and 2. Table 3 includes a reconciliation of our GAAP to non-GAAP financial results, which we believe better represents the ongoing economics of our business and reflects how we manage the business internally. We have also posted slides on our website that follow the discussions related to this call. I would like to point out we will be making forward-looking statements, which are based on our current expectations. These statements are subject to certain risks and uncertainties, and actual results may differ materially from our expectations. I encourage everyone to consult our SEC filings for additional detail. On today's call, I'm joined by our Chief Executive Officer, Dr. George Scangos; Tony Kingsley, EVP of Global Commercial Operations; Dr. Doug Williams, EVP of Research and Development; and our CFO, Paul Clancy. We'll also be joined for the Q&A portion of the call with our Chief Medical Officer, Dr. Al Sandrock. I'll now turn the call over to George.
George A. Scangos: Okay. Thanks, Claudine. Good morning, everybody, and thanks for joining us today. 2013 was a very good year for Biogen Idec and for the patients we serve. We continue to grow our base businesses, our current MS and anti-CD20 franchises, we successfully launched TECFIDERA, our most recent MS therapy, we announced marketing applications for 3 potential new products, PLEGRIDY for MS and ALPROLIX and ELOCTATE for hemophilia and finally, we advanced a promising pipeline of potential new medicines. And the solid operational progress was coupled with strong financial results. Revenue for 2013 was $6.9 billion, an increase of 26% from 2012, and non-GAAP earnings were $8.96 per share, an increase of 37% from 2012. With TECFIDERA, we strengthened our positions in the MS market, and we believe that we now have leading therapies in the oral high-efficacy and injectable segments of the market. We believe that having this suite of therapies positions us well to address the diverse needs of MS patients. The launch of TECFIDERA in the U.S. was a milestone event for us. We believe that TECFIDERA's broad and rapid uptake is a testament to its clinical profile, as well as excellent execution by our organization. We're very pleased that the launch of TECFIDERA now ranks among the best in the biopharmaceutical industry. AVONEX and TYSABRI continue to provide a solid business foundation. AVONEX remains a multibillion drug 17 years after launch, and physicians, as well as patients, continue to look to AVONEX as a first-line MS therapy of choice. We believe that TYSABRI is a powerful MS treatment and remains a therapy of choice for patients needing high efficacy. During the year, we completed an important transaction by acquiring complete ownership of TYSABRI, which strengthened our leadership in MS. This asset acquisition represents a prudent use of cash, and provides us with a larger portion of TYSABRI's financial benefits. In addition, we believe that consolidating TYSABRI ownership provides us with greater flexibility and control over the positioning of our MS products to enable us to effectively compete in this market. It has also been an eventful year for our anti-CD20 franchise. RITUXAN is the standard of care for NHL and CLL, and for years, it has been an important asset for Biogen Idec. In the fourth quarter, the FDA approved GAZYVA, the first drug approved under the breakthrough therapy designation for previously untreated chronic lymphocytic leukemia. We believe that GAZYVA strengthens our anti-CD20 franchise, and will enhance longevity of what already has been an incredibly impactful collaboration. Biogen Idec is a patient-focused organization. This focus drives how we think on all levels, not only for our marketed products, but also for our pipeline where we're committed to develop new medicines for serious diseases with limited treatment options. In 2013, we advanced many of our pipeline candidates toward important data readouts anticipated this year. We also took steps to strengthen our drug discovery platform. We've hired some leading scientists, including Dr. Spyros Artavanis, our Chief Financial Officer -- sorry, Chief Scientific Officer. We've also advanced our strategy to utilize academic consortia to foster collaboration and leverage the incredible science being carried out around the world. In addition, we completed a number of transactions to enhance our pipeline, including agreements with Adimab, Amicus therapeutics, Isis Pharmaceuticals and Galapagos. More recently, we announced the collaboration with Sangamo BioSciences on an innovative gene editing technology, with the potential to treat sickle cell disease and beta-thalassemia. Additionally, in the fourth quarter, we expanded our agreement with Samsung Bioepis, our joint venture with Samsung to develop and market biosimilar therapeutics. We believe that this partnership leverages our manufacturing capabilities and positions us to compete effectively in biosimilar therapeutics, while maintaining our focus on our innovative pipeline. So in summary, 2013 was a very good year for Biogen Idec, with a lot of significant achievements. And I'll now turn the call over to Tony.
Stuart A. Kingsley: Thanks, George. In 2013, we grew our global MS market share, executed our franchise strategy across our 3 core MS products. In the fourth quarter, TECFIDERA's U.S. launch continued to enjoy broad adoption and rapid uptake. According to our data, through December, over 6,000 physicians, representing approximately 85% of total MS prescription volume, have prescribed TECFIDERA. Additionally, our data show that over 30% of new TECFIDERA patients in Q4 were not on prior therapies, an increase from prior quarters. We believe both these figures reflect physician and patient confidence in TECFIDERA's clinical profile and real world experience. We've also continued to improve patient access to TECFIDERA. As of January, almost all insurance plans in the U.S. provide coverage for TECFIDERA, with approximately 75% of patients having access without requiring a step edit. Nine months into launch, we believe TECFIDERA is in a very good position, but we understand that sustained effort is required to extend this initial success in the U.S. In the EU, we received a positive opinion on new active substance designation from the CHMP in November. TECFIDERA was then referred to the European Commission, which grants marketing authorization for medicines in the European Union. If approved, it's our intent to quickly launch in Germany, followed by staggered launches in other EU countries over the next 6 to 18 months, coincident with obtaining product reimbursement. Outside of Europe, reimbursement of TECFIDERA in Australia was approved in December. And we expect public reimbursement approval in Canada in the first half of this year. AVONEX performed well in 2013, gaining share globally within the injectable segment. In the U.S., where TECFIDERA caused a significant contraction in the injectable segment of the market, AVONEX continue to hold up well. The injectable segment of the market represented approximately $11 billion of global revenue in 2013. And while we expect this segment will decline over time, we believe it remains a significant opportunity in the medium term. We also believe convenience continues to be a key differentiator for the injectable segment, and that we are well-positioned with AVONEX PEN and potentially PLEGRIDY, should it be approved. Moving on to TYSABRI. In the U.S., new prescription volume remained solid, and TYSABRI discontinuation rates continued to improve in Q4. We're encouraged with TYSABRI's recent improvement in the U.S. In Europe, we continue to see pressure from oral competition. We remain focused on emphasizing TYSABRI's efficacy messaging, while continuing to provide the market with additional education on risk stratification. We believe this builds confidence in earlier treatment of patients with aggressive disease. We also continue to feel that the MS market will migrate to increase efficacy over time, and that TYSABRI will benefit from this trend. We need to continue to execute well to ensure broad understanding of TYSABRI's profile. Turning to hemophilia. We are continuing to prepare for our expected 2014 U.S. launches of ALPROLIX and ELOCTATE. We believe, over time, that these products have the potential to transform hemophilia care by reducing infusion frequency, the largest unmet need in this market. Hemophilia is a new market for us, and one with well-established competitors. It is also historically a slow moving market, with physicians and patients who are reluctant to switch therapies without real world experience. And logistical hurdles such as infrequent physician visits that extend the time line for starting a new therapy. So driving adoption will require hard work, but we believe in the product profiles and our ability to execute. I'll now turn the call over to Doug to discuss R&D.
Douglas Edward Williams: Thanks, Tony. I'll begin by highlighting the major events from 2013, and then discuss multiple clinical trial readouts anticipated in the upcoming year. Let's start with TECFIDERA. During 2013, significant new data were generated that deepened our understanding of this important therapy. We have further elucidated TECFIDERA's mechanism of action and demonstrated that the biological effects of DMF, compared to other fumarate molecules, are distinctly different. Also, data generated from the ongoing endorsed clinical study continued to support the long-term efficacy and safety of TECFIDERA. During the year, TYSABRI was submitted for marketing approval in Japan, and we're anticipating a decision in the first half of 2014. Beyond relapsing forms of MS, we continue to evaluate TYSABRI's potential efficacy in other indications. Enrollment was completed in the Phase III ASCEND study in patients with secondary-progressive MS, and data remain on track for 2015. We also initiated a Phase II proof-of-concept study in acute ischemic stroke. The study will utilize an imaging endpoint to assess infarct size, and determine if TYSABRI, given immediately post-stroke, can lessen lymphocyte-mediated tissue damage to the brain. For the PLEGRIDY program. During the year, we obtained positive Phase III data from year 1 of the 2-year advanced study in relapsing-remitting MS patients. Patients in the study were dosed with PLEGRIDY, administered either once every 2 weeks or once every 4 weeks. PLEGRIDY has been filed for approval with the FDA and EMA, and remains on track for anticipated FDA approval decision in mid-2014, and an EMA decision in the second half of 2014 as well. During the year, we generated new clinical data, which further supports the potential of ELOCTATE and ALPROLIX as effective hemophilia therapies, with reduced dosing frequency, and which we believe will lead to better outcomes for patients. Both ELOCTATE and ALPROLIX were filed for approval with the FDA, and we're anticipating approvals for ALPROLIX in the second quarter of 2014 and for ELOCTATE in mid-2014. So 2013 was a busy and productive year. I'll now discuss some of the upcoming R&D events. In mid-2014, we expect Phase III data for daclizumab in relapsing-remitting MS. Daclizumab is a humanized monoclonal antibody targeting CD25, a sub-unit of the IL2 receptor. Results from the Phase IIb SELECT study have demonstrated a robust impact on relapse rate and promising effects on slowing disability progression. The ongoing Phase III DECIDE study is an 1,800 subject trial that compares monthly subcutaneously-administered daclizumab to interferon beta treatment. Primary endpoint of the study is the reduction in annualized relapse rate. Turning to our mid-stage pipeline. We expect to have 6 proof-of-concept or proof of biology readouts during the year, including data on anti-LINGO and acute optic neuritis, BIIB037 in Alzheimer's disease, neublastin in neuropathic pain, STX-100 in IPF, as well as for a few of our partnered programs, SMNrx and SMA and anti-CD40 ligand in lupus. Anti-LINGO is a monoclonal antibody that, in preclinical studies, promotes remyelination in axonal protection. There are 2 Phase II proof-of-concept trials underway: One in acute optic neuritis and the other in MS. In the acute optic neuritis study, we're testing if anti-LINGO treatment is able to improve conduction of the optic nerve. Data generated in the optic neuritis study will provide important proof-of-biology data in an acute demyelination setting, and may be helpful for future development efforts in MS. The ongoing second anti-LINGO study in patients with relapsing-remitting MS and relapsing SPMS measures several clinical imaging and biomarker endpoints to help define the potential Phase III clinical endpoints. Data from the Phase II MS study is expected in the second half of 2015. BIIB037 is a human anti-beta amyloid monoclonal antibody for Alzheimer's disease. The ongoing Phase Ib study incorporates imaging at the start to confirm that subjects have quantifiable beta-amyloid. The study will utilize serial imaging to measure the ability of BIIB037 to deplete flack beta-amyloid levels in the CNS. The trial also incorporates FDG-PET imaging to assess restoration of brain synaptic activity, as well as exploratory measures of cognition. Neublastin is a novel biologic therapy for neuropathic pain, another disease with significant unmet medical need, where current therapies are inadequate. Neublastin interacts with the GFR alpha3 receptor on pain-sensing neurons, and has been shown to promote nerve regeneration in preclinical models of nerve crush. We believe this may allow neublastin to promote rapid pain relief and also to be disease-modifying by promoting nerve repair. In the ongoing Phase II study, we'll assess clinical measures of pain in sciatica patients with peripheral nerve injury. STX-100 is our antibody underdevelopment for the treatment of IPF, a progressive and almost uniformly-fatal disease. STX-100 targets the alpha(v)beta(6) integrin, which is selectively up regulated in several fibrotic diseases, and is essential for activating the TGF-beta signaling process in these tissues. We're conducting an innovative Phase IIa dose-ranging study that uses biomarkers to confirm target engagement and dose responsiveness. Using quantitative assays developed in preclinical studies, we'll measure the ability of STX-100 to inhibit downstream TGF-beta signaling, a pathway known to drive the fibrotic process. We're also expecting important data from some of our partnered programs. ISIS-SMNRx is an antisense molecule and development for spinal muscular atrophy. There are 2 ongoing Phase II studies: One in infants with type 1 SMA, and the other in children with type 2, 3 SMA. Isis is moving these studies forward, and expects to have data in the first quarter of this year. Data from these studies is expected to provide a clearer understanding of dosing parameters and of the preliminary clinical activity of SMNrx, and will inform the design of the next stage of the clinical program. During the second half of 2014, we also expect Phase Ib data from our partner UCB for anti-CD40 ligand in general SLE. CD40 mediated signaling is involved in the regulation of both B and T-cell responses, which are aberrant in lupus patients. I look forward to discussing the results of these studies with you during the year. I'll now pass the call on to Paul.
Paul J. Clancy: Thanks, Doug. Our GAAP diluted earnings per share were $1.92 in the fourth quarter, and $7.81 for the full year. The differences between our GAAP and non-GAAP financial results are outlined in the earnings presentation. Our non-GAAP diluted earnings per share in the fourth quarter were $2.34 and $8.96 for the full year. Total revenue for Q4 grew 39% to approximately $2 billion, and grew 26% for the full year to $6.9 billion. Fourth quarter AVONEX worldwide revenue was $751 million. For the full year, worldwide AVONEX revenue grew 3%, and surpassed $3 billion. In the U.S., Q4 AVONEX revenue increased 2%, to $475 million. For the full year, U.S. AVONEX revenue increased 6%, to $1.9 billion. Outside the U.S., Q4 AVONEX revenue was $277 million, a decrease of 3% compared to the prior year. And for the full year, international AVONEX revenue decreased 1%, to $1.1 billion. Foreign exchange weakened AVONEX international revenue for the full year by approximately $9 million, compared to a $25 million gain in the prior year. TYSABRI worldwide revenue, net of hedging, was $427 million in Q4. These results were comprised of $251 million in the U.S. and $176 million internationally. For the full year, worldwide TYSABRI revenue to Biogen Idec was $1.5 billion, net of hedging. We recorded U.S. revenue of $814 million and $712 million internationally. The final approval of the settlement with AIFA is still pending. As a result, fourth quarter TYSABRI revenue was unfavorably impacted by $14 million of deferred revenue and $54 million for the full year. Global Q4 TECFIDERA revenue was $398 million in Q4 and $876 million for the full year. U.S. TECFIDERA revenue includes incremental inventory build of approximately $42 million in Q4. Turning to our anti-CD20 franchise, which now includes GAZYVA. U.S. profit share was $253 million for Q4 and $1.1 billion for the full year. Royalties and profit-sharing sales of Rituximab outside the U.S. was $17 million in Q4 and $39 million for the full year. The result was $269 million of net revenue from unconsolidated joint business for Q4 and $1.1 billion for the full year. Now turning to the expense lines on the non-GAAP P&L. Q4 non-GAAP cost of goods sold were $259 million or 13% of revenue. For the full year, non-GAAP COGS were $858 million, or 12% of revenue. The increase year-over-year was driven by TYSABRI contingent payments in third-party royalties. Q4 non-GAAP R&D expense was $421 million, or 21% of revenue, an increase of 22% over last year, in part driven by our recently-announced agreement with Samsung Bioepis where we recorded a $36 million R&D charge. For the full year, non-GAAP R&D expense was $1.4 billion, or 21% of revenue. Q4 non-GAAP SG&A expense was $495 million, or 25% of revenue, an increase of 32% over prior year. For the full year, non-GAAP SG&A expense was $1.7 billion, or 24% of revenue, an increase of 32% over 2012. These increases were primarily due to the investments on TECFIDERA and the anticipated hemophilia launches. Our Q4 non-GAAP tax rate was 28.8%, driven by a larger percentage of our profits coming from within the U.S. due to the strong U.S. launch of TECFIDERA. We expect our tax rate to remain at this level through 2014 due to U.S. profits, but believe this rate will decline in 2015 and 2016. Our weighted average diluted shares were 238 million, and we ended the quarter with approximately $1.8 billion in cash and marketable securities, of which approximately 85% is within the U.S. This brings us to our non-GAAP diluted earnings per share, which were $8.96 for the full year, an increase of 37%. Now I'll turn to the full year 2014 guidance. We expect total revenue growth between 22% and 25%. Let me characterize how we're thinking about our products. Our plan assumes TECFIDERA will represent the largest contributor to our revenue growth. In the U.S., we anticipate the rate of patient switches in TECFIDERA new prescriptions to moderate. In the EU, our business plan assumes TECFIDERA is approved in Q1. And as Tony described, we expect a gradual country rollout over the next 6 to 18 months. And we anticipate Germany will make up the majority of TECFIDERA revenue outside the U.S. in 2014. We believe TYSABRI is now largely through the abnormally high discontinuations in the U.S., experienced during the initial months of the tech launch. In Italy, we continue to pursue a resolution with the settlement of AIFA, however, our 2014 guidance does not include the impact of this settlement, as the timing of the final approval remains uncertain. Moving to AVONEX and PLEGRIDY. Our plan assumes a midyear launch of PLEGRIDY in the U.S. and a second half launch in Europe, with Germany being the primary contributor. We believe we're well-positioned with AVONEX and PLEGRIDY and anticipate gaining share within the declining injectable segment. Based upon current approval timelines in our anticipation of a gradual uptake for ALPROLIX and ELOCTATE, we expect revenue from our hemophilia product launches in 2014 to be quite modest. We expect R&D expense between 20% and 22% of sales. We expect this spending will move to greater investment in mid and early stage development programs. Additionally, this guidance includes strategic investments as we've earmarked over $200 million for potential business development opportunities in 2014. Our focus remains on building out our early stage pipeline. SG&A expense is expected to be between 22% and 23% of total revenue. We expect to continue to see upward pressure in SG&A dollars in 2014, driven by investments in TECFIDERA in the EU and from the anticipated hemophilia launches. As a result, we anticipate non-GAAP EPS results between $11 and $11.20, and GAAP EPS to be between $9.74 and $9.94. I'll turn the call over to George for his closing comments.
George A. Scangos: Okay. Thanks, Paul. So in 2013, the company has strong financial results, coupled with excellent operational progress, which position us well for the future. And as I think about 2014, we appear to be at an inflection point, going from 2 major marketed products in 2012 to 3 in 2013, and now to potentially up to 6. This type of growth will be a challenge for most organizations, and we're no different. It's essential that we successfully complete the registration processes and effectively launch each of our products, while we continue to focus on the needs of tomorrow. So with many accomplishments behind us, and with patients as a focal point of our work, we'll continue to focus on execution. As leaders in MS, we're committed to identify and develop medicines for the great unmet needs that still remain. Today's treatments help slow the progression rate, but for approximately 1/4 of patients, secondary-progressive MS remains an issue, with no approved medicines on the market. We're committed to advance TYSABRI and SPMS to potentially offer a new option for this important group of patients. We're also developing anti-LINGO, with a hope to halt or reverse MS damage. If anti-LINGO does work, it will represent the first therapy to actually repair CNS pathology, which potentially opens up a new way of understanding how to deal with diseases of the brain. The potential approval and upcoming launches of ALPROLIX and ELOCTATE for hemophilia patients will mark an important new chapter for Biogen Idec. ALPROLIX and ELOCTATE represent true innovation for patients and a significant long-term opportunity for the company. Hemophilia is an area where there's been minimal innovation for many years. This gives us an opportunity to change the prophylactic treatment paradigm from short-acting to long-lasting therapies. We believe that this may lead to a lower burden of disease, improve compliance and better outcomes. Finally, we need to ensure that we continue to drive innovation by bringing the best science to the company. Our R&D strategy concentrates on neurology, immunology, non-malignant hematology in adjacent diseases, where patients have poor therapeutic options today. We prioritize indications in which we have a good understanding of disease etiology, and make prudent decisions in advancing compounds in the clinic. We also need to continue to seek business development opportunities that will strengthen our research capacities and complement our novel pipeline. In closing, as always, I'd like to thank our employees for their continued hard work and dedication. I'm very proud of the many accomplishments that we achieved together last year. As an organization, we've advanced the business to make a meaningful difference in patients' lives. So thanks to all of you for joining us this morning, and we'll now open up the call for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Ravi Mehrotra with Crdit Suisse.
Ravi Mehrotra - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: First part, probably for George. You've recently talked more about business development, and obviously, [indiscernible] and the provisioning -- the 2 remaining goals provision for 2014. Can you give us more color on the type and characteristics of the deals you envisage? And part 2, probably for Tony. Interested in your view on 3x a week Copaxone and potentially generic Copaxone rights [ph] in this year impact on the MS market?
George A. Scangos: Ravi, good catch actually. For the past 2 years, we've done a number of business development transactions, but we had no earmarked business development budget. And we were able to fund those out of the R&D budget or other ways we have managed to find the money to do that. This year, we've earmarked $200 million for business development activities. And I think that reflects our belief that these are very important to the future of our company. We've improved the science in the company. I think we've improved the throughput of our internal R&D group, but that won't supply all of the compounds that we need to go forward. So part of that $200 million will go to bolster our pipeline, and we're looking primarily for Phase I, Phase II compounds, maybe late preclinical. Part of it will go to increase our technology platform. I mean last year, we did deals with Adimab, and one of the deals we did with Isis really were to give us a better platform to increase the quality and the speed of our internal R&D, and we'll continue to do some deals in that nature as well. So I think we'll look for both pipeline additions in the 3 areas that I mentioned, as well as technologies that increase the efficiency of our own R&D.
Stuart A. Kingsley: So 3x a week cop in the plan expected. Look, I think 2 things happen. The first is, it will create competitiveness noise in the marketplace, which we are prepared to deal with. The second thing is, it's going to put something like 85,000 patients in play for switch. We think we have good alternatives for those patients, so we're going to have a strong presence in offices competing for that. Generic cop, also in the plan, also expected. First-order impact we think will be on branded Copaxone itself. Second-order impact is it will add to the toolkit that the payers have to put some pressure on the credit category. We have said that there's more pressure on gross than net. That's a little bit -- that has been a piece of that story that we've been telling in the guidance we've been giving on that.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Eric Schmidt with Cowen & Company.
Eric Schmidt - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: Sort of another big picture R&D question, maybe for George. The guidance is calling for 25% or so year-on-year growth in that line. I think when you joined the company a few years ago, you suggested you were going to bring down R&D to maybe 20% of sales long term. I think the question is, what convinces you you're going to get a good return on the incremental R&D spend? Obviously, you can afford it, but just a good investment or not? And are you still targeting more like a 20% of revenue long-term target?
George A. Scangos: Yes, well, somewhere in that range is the honest answer to that question. We don't target a particular percentage of revenues to R&D. Look, I think most important thing for me, Eric, in our R&D budget is that we don't waste money. That we don't spend money on projects that are just dragging on and haven't met their goals, that are not well thought through, and they're not critically executed and are not competitive. And so when I first came and when Doug came, we eliminated a lot of projects that we thought met those criteria. And so we are going forward now with a pipeline where we believe meets the criteria that we have there, well thought-out, there's good basis for taking them forward. It doesn't mean they're all going to work, of course, but they're all good bets. And so that's the way we think about R&D. As we -- our revenues are -- we anticipate that they will grow. And the percentage we spend on R&D next year may not be the same as we spend the year after as our revenues continue to grow, R&D may not increase at the same rate. So it may come down over time, but we believe we have to make some investments now and -- to generate the pipeline and the value that will continue to give us growth a few years out. And we are very cognizant of not wasting that money. I think we are very critical of how we spend that money.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mark Schoenebaum with ISI Group.
Mark J. Schoenebaum - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: I know Doug is there. I don't know if Al is there. But I wanted to maybe ask my question on anti-LINGO, if I may. I just think this is an area people are pretty focused on from a stock perspective. And maybe just take a couple of minutes and just walk us through the -- what you know from the preclinical data? And then in humans, do you know that this drug crosses the blood-brain barrier in sufficient quality -- in sufficient quantities that exert the effect that you need. And related to that, the trial that you're doing, I think, if I'm reading controls correctly, an optic neuritis has just one dose? So can you help us understand how we can have confidence that you know that you've already nailed those? And then when you all see the data later this year, should we -- do you think that there's a requirement for statistical significance? Or is this trial just way too small to hold it up to that kind of a standard and how would you move forward? So that's a lot of questions, but basically just walk us through the anti-LINGO proposition, what we know -- what we should be expecting from the trial, and specifically blood-brain barrier and brain concentrations in those?
Douglas Edward Williams: Mark, this is Doug. You have both Al and me here on the call. So we'll tag team the answer. Let me address the one that you just came back to; which is, does the drug actually cross the blood-brain barrier? And the answer to that is, yes. We know that from the Phase I study, both the SAD and MAD study, we actually looked at CSF levels of the antibody in patients who received the anti-LINGO antibody. And what we found was detectable levels of the antibody that roughly matched the levels that we knew were efficacious in the mouse models of remyelination. That was a key observation in those studies. We wanted to make sure that across the dose range we were testing in both single-dose and multiple-dose format, that we could, in fact, get to a level of drug in the CSF that was consistent with efficacious doses in the animal models. So we can check that box off. Your question about optic neuritis and why did we only choose one dose, we choice the highest dose. Remember that we're viewing this is as a proof of biology study. So we wanted to run a placebo-controlled study looking at the highest dose of drug versus placebo, and really simply asking the question of whether or not we could facilitate remyelination and thereby measure that quantitatively with the endpoints in the study. And I'll let Al talk to you a little about some of the sort of basic biology observations that had driven our enthusiasm for the program from the beginning.
Alfred W. Sandrock: So in terms of the preclinical experiment, there were 2 types, the in vitro experiments and the animal experiments. And let me just briefly say that in vitro, what we did was we added anti-LINGO or we decreased LINGO expression by other methods and we can get oligodendrocyte precursor cells to differentiate much better when you have less LINGO present. And when you throw in neurons into the same cultures, you do co-cultures, we actually see myelin formation, and many of our colleagues externally have been doing that -- that type of experiment for years, had never seen myelin quite as well formed in vitro before blocking LINGO. In the animal experiment, there were sort of 2 types there. One is the knockout experiments and the overexpression experiment. And if you knockout LINGO from a mouse, you see early myelination in the spinal cord, which is functional so that it improves nerve conduction in the spinal cord when -- in the LINGO knockout animals where you have early myelination. In the other animal studies, what we did was induced demyelination by several methods. One, by using a detergent, focally, injected focally or by feeding the animals cuprizone, or by inducing EAE, so an autoimmune attack against myelin. And each of these 3 animal models of demyelination, we saw rapid reconstitution of myelin, and we know it was remyelination because when we did electro microscopy, we saw very thin, but the kinds of myelin that we expect to see in remyelination, so it's thinner than normal. And also, we had improvement in function in the EAE animal, so that they move better. So -- and I think as Doug pointed out, we were very careful in each of those experiment to understand the concentration of anti-LINGO that was necessary to produce these in vivo effects. And so we took that information into the human studies. Moreover, what we did was we used larger animals were we could test out some of the novel imaging methods, such as magnetization transfer ratio and diffusion sensor imaging to verify that we could actually look at remyelination using these imaging methods. And we're applying those same methods that we used in the animal models in the humans. So it's all novel. We're in new territory here. And as George pointed out, not everything is going to work, but we're very excited.
George A. Scangos: I think you had one other question about the possibility of seeing a real treatment effect in the relapsing-remitting study. That's ongoing, the second of our Phase II studies. And that's a very robust study in the sense that it's 4 different doses of anti-LINGO versus placebo. We're looking at a broad array of potential endpoints, some of which we hope would represent the primary endpoint for a Phase III study. But candidly, as Al said, this is new territory. So we're learning which of these endpoints is going to actually be the most sensitive measure of a remyelinating event, and then carrying that forward into the design of the Phase III study. So it's very innovative, very broad clinical program, but it is also a very proper, straightforward Phase IIb dose-ranging study that's very robustly designed to look at a variety of potential treatment effects.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Terence Flynn with Goldman Sachs.
Terence C. Flynn - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Actually, just wanted to follow up on the one on anti-LINGO. So, Al, you mentioned the larger studies or studies in larger animals to look at imaging. Was just wondering if that employed systemic delivery or local delivery of anti-LINGO. And if you looked at the concentration in those animals, was wondering how that compared to the mouse models you mentioned given you used local delivery there.
Alfred W. Sandrock: Well, we actually did both local and systemic. And in many of the later experiments, it was almost all systemic, so. And they were nonhuman primate models where we injected lysolecithin, but what was local was the lysolecithin injection, which was done directly into the corpus callosum which is a heavily myelinated fiber track. But we gave the anti-LINGO systemically and looked by MTR.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Geoff Porges with Bernstein.
Geoffrey C. Porges - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: Maybe I'll continue on the same vein, Doug and Al. Could you give us the same explanation of your confidence in the SPMS study for TYSABRI, certainly a big incremental market, but conventional wisdom has been more of a gradual degenerative process rather than inflammatory one. So what's the basis biologically for committing to that? And secondly, related to that, do you have any other short-term goal in SPMS in the rest of your portfolio? Are there any of these other early drugs that you might contemplate in that disease?
Alfred W. Sandrock: So SPMS, there's 2 sort of largely 2 prevailing theories. One is that, it's purely a neurodegenerative process, whether it's a primary process or whether it's secondary to demyelination people argue about that. The other theory, though, is that there's ongoing inflammation, but it's a different type of inflammation. It's inflammation that is sort of behind blood-brain barrier that there are these germinal -- ectopic germinal centers that form the lymphoid follicles that form in the sub-meningeal space. These have been associated with cortical areas of cortical demyelination. And so -- whereas the inflammation that's due to peripheral white blood cells entering the brain may be less, there is this lymphoid follicle idea. Now the thing about TYSABRI is that it disrupts the formation of these lymphoid follicles, and we think that, not only from the animal experiments, but in humans, we see a decrease in the chemokine signature that's been associated with the lymphoid follicles. And so that's why from a biological point of view, we think that TYSABRI, SPMS has a decent chance. Now the other reason why we're optimistic cautiously is that we're using a more sensitive endpoint in the clinic to get as a composite measure of disability progression. And we've gotten agreement with FDA under SPA and also we've gotten good agreement with European regulators on the use of this model endpoint. So for both of those reasons, we're cautiously optimistic about TYSABRI, SPMS.
Douglas Edward Williams: And Jeff, this is Doug. As far as other shots on goal, as you described it, obviously, the anti-LINGO program is also geared towards the possibility of working in secondary progressive, but primary progressive as well. There's a possibility for that drug across the spectrum of MS subtypes. There's also some discussion about the possibility of taking TECFIDERA in that direction. You could, again, based on what Al described about the possibility of there being an immune component, that is involved in some patients with SPMS. Obviously, there's a mechanism that makes sense there with TECFIDERA in terms of down-modulating immune responses. But also the possibility of improving neuronal protection with the antioxidant effects of that molecule. So that's a sensible thing for us to consider. Stay tuned for more information on that as we consider that one. And then from the standpoint of where are we focusing our basic science resources and our neurology discovery program, it's primary and secondary progressive disease. I mean, that's really the focus for new target discovery and validation, really to try to understand the pathways that are involved better. That's where the real opportunity and need is from our perspective over the long term, and we're really focusing the basic science, resources in our neurology discovery group in that direction.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Yaron Werber with Citi.
Yaron Werber - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: So I'm going to move to commercial a little bit in TECFIDERA, and it's sort of a two-part question. One, for Paul, inventory was -- that sounds like it's $134 million for the year, it's about 5 weeks. I mean, historically, for products that are launching kind of 4 to 5 weeks is typical as they grow. So I'm trying to get a sense, is that -- should we even think of it as kind of sort of real inventory? Or is that going to be just a normal churn that you're going to see in the growth product and it's going to get slowly, over time, to 2 weeks kind of range? And then secondly, just on the commercial, the new patients and the returning quitters are 30%. I'm trying -- I don't know if you could split it better, kind of what's new versus returning? And do you -- that's been kind of consistent. Do you think that -- it sounds like you're thinking it's going down, and then why is that?
Paul J. Clancy: Yes. Let me start with the inventory question, Yaron. Great question. The 5 weeks represent the combined inventory in wholesalers, as well as the SPPs, specialty pharmacies. So given the way we launched in the United States, we actually have that visibility all the way through. When we talk about just -- and then just to note, when we talk about AVONEX, the visibility we have really is just wholesalers. And the combination of -- when we talk about AVONEX, we try to -- in the United States, we try to look at around 2 weeks, which is what we also look at in wholesalers specifically, which is what we look at for TECFIDERA, and then SPPs make up the balance of that to get to 5. And I think that -- we think in the United States that, that represents, so the cumulative amount right now represents about what we will have for our run rate. As we move to 2014, it really will depend on kind of the sales trajectory of tech in the U.S., whether or not there's a little bit more upward pressure, but I think it's really just more indicative of the launch year.
Stuart A. Kingsley: Yes, Yaron, it's Tony. On the 30% new to therapy, frankly, difficult to break that down to measure what the mix of genuinely nave versus potentially returning quitters. There are constantly some returning quitters into the market and some people that go out of the market, so it is a portion that's difficult to break down. I think what we've said launched data prior quarters that we thought that number was around 25%. So it's actually up a little bit in the recent quarter. Not clear that, that should go down. We think it's an encouraging statement. It's an encouraging statement about the market acceptance of the product, that it's becoming a -- it's capturing a meaningful share of new patient starts that speaks to the confidence the market has in the product profile.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Michael Yee with RBC Capital Markets.
Michael J. Yee - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: A question maybe for Al or Doug on SMNrx. I know there's some data coming soon. We've seen previous childhood data, but there's also infantile data coming. Just wanted to understand what you can actually glean from infant data? And whether you're looking at anything else besides mortality in the short study, gene copies, maybe measurements of SMN protein. Is there anything you can glean out of that, that can help give us some confidence, obviously, rather than going into Phase III a little bit blind?
Alfred W. Sandrock: Yes. I mean, in the infantile study, we're looking at things like weight gain. Are the kids -- are the babies gaining weight on a trajectory. Normally, they start to lose weight because they get muscle atrophy. But the main thing is to look at survival and ventilator dependence. Those are the 2 key events that we're looking at.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Robyn Karnauskas with Deutsche Bank.
Robyn Karnauskas - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Just a quick one, again, on LINGO. So you've talked before about optic neuritis disease as new lesions and relapse-remitting, we have new and old lesions. So just curious in the relapse-remitting MS study, will you able to see if LINGO by imaging has an impact on new and old lesions and how are you doing that? And how does this effect -- ultimately if these trials are successful, does it matter? How does this affect the market opportunity?
Alfred W. Sandrock: Well, yes, we can look at old and new lesions in the relapsing-remitting study. We anticipate that the patients who come into that study will have lesions that have been there potentially for years. And they recognize that it's T2-hyperintense lesions. And so we often talk about burden of disease, and we look at T2-hyperintense lesions. So we can look at those lesions that are no longer enhancing. They're so old that there's no inflammation or blood-brain barrier breakdown, and yet we can see -- look into those lesions and see whether they change their imaging characteristics that would be consistent with remyelination. I think if that were to occur, if old lesions start to remyelinate, then you can treat people who are in the late stages of SPMS even when they have no new lesions forming, and that's what happens in SPMS, is that the number of new lesions that form start to get very, very infrequent, nevertheless they continue to progress in terms of disability. So it would indicate that you could go pretty broadly all the way from the very earliest events in MS to the late stages of secondary-progressive MS, and as Doug pointed out, potentially even primary progressive MS.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Rachel McMinn with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Rachel L. McMinn - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Yes, I was hoping you could talk about discontinuation rates on U.S. TECFIDERA. Paul, I didn't quite catch what you said was assumed in your guidance for 2014? And then apologies, but another LINGO question. You guys had said last -- 2 weeks ago that you felt that if there was positive proof of principal data for optic neuritis that, that could help you accelerate your MS Phase III plans. And I was just trying to understand the gap between when you have data in second half of 2014 in optic neuritis and when you get your MS data in the back half of 2015, what kind of things would you be doing that would accelerate plan?
Stuart A. Kingsley: Rachel, it's Tony. On discontinuation rates, look, we don't think it's settled out yet because we're still in a pretty dynamic portion of the trajectory. But we said it appears that TECFIDERA is headed what is sort of a normal discontinuation rate for therapy to the market. No evidence that suggests it's going to be dramatically better, no evidence that suggests it's going to be dramatically worse. For existing products, including the orals, we think those numbers tend to run in the low 20% -- low-20% range.
Paul J. Clancy: And Rachel, that's consistent with what's essentially embedded in the guidance.
Douglas Edward Williams: And Rachel, this is Doug. With respect to a positive readout from the optic neuritis study and the impact that could have on the time line for the relapsing-remitting study, essentially, there's a lot of study start-up activities, there's a lot of planning activities that go on with respect to designing the protocol. A lot of that can get front-loaded, and we would likely spend some additional money at risk based on a positive outcome from the optic neuritis study, anticipating a positive outcome in the relapsing-remitting study. So yes, it's hard to give you specifics on exactly what those steps would be, but there's a lot of legwork that goes into planning for a study, which we could move up and likely would if we had a robust readout in the optic neuritis study.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Tony Butler with Barclays Capital.
Charles Anthony Butler - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Again, apologies, but back to LINGO very briefly. When you think about remyelination, how do you come to grips with the notion that remyelination is actually occurring contiguously? And you're going to say, "Well we do get functionality in some of the non-primate models." But the part B of the question is, that may be true, but aren't these animals still youthful and growing, and therefore, the translation into an adult MS patient or young adult MS patient might actually be substantially different than a young and growing animal? I'm just curious how you -- if there's more data behind that.
Alfred W. Sandrock: Yes. So there is some spontaneous remyelination if you will going on in MS patients. It's just incomplete. And some of the data suggests that there are groups of patient that do it better than others. Certainly, younger people do seem to remyelinate better than others, but there may be inherent differences among people in terms of their ability to remyelinate. And so we would like to boost what we think is a natural phenomenon that's not very complete, and it's certainly not in all patients. And then in terms of the growing animals. I mean, we do -- it's true and mice, they are growing, but in a non-human primates, they were older animals. And so we think that the data are still suggestive that we could have efficacy in the adult MS patients we're treating.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Geoff Meacham with JPMorgan.
Geoffrey C. Meacham - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Had a few for Tony. So when we think about the rollout of TECFIDERA in Germany, are there any subtleties in the MS market versus the U.S. in terms of the distribution of nave patients or quitters? And then when you -- many of the initial TECFIDERA patients in the U.S. were on TYSABRI for quite a while, so just curious what you see today from TYSABRI switches to TECFIDERA.
Stuart A. Kingsley: Yes. So good question. Not dramatic differences I don't think in German market. Among European markets, like the U.S., it does tend to have a pretty broad sort of more community based set of positions as opposed to being just center-based. We'll put promotional effort against it that makes sense for that kind of market. So hard to articulate the big differences from sort of market and patient characteristic standpoint. In terms of TYSABRI switches, we did see, as we said, a bolus of switches at around the launch of TECFIDERA in the months following that. And then the majority of those were going to TECFIDERA. The discontinuation rate on TYSABRI in the U.S. has moderated since that time. We are still seeing a meaningful portion of those go to TECFIDERA. So we're keeping them within the franchise, which is, obviously, net positive.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Matt Roden with UBS.
Matthew Roden - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: I actually wanted to ask about STX-100. I was wondering if you could talk about the endpoints you're looking at the Phase II trial. What you need to see in that trial as a basis for a go or no-go decision? And then finally, the clinical regulatory pass if it is a go. Can you move straight in to Phase III here or is that too aggressive of an assumption? And then related strategically, does this drug fit into your portfolio? And if it's successful, is this a new vertical or is there some other plan for the product?
Douglas Edward Williams: Okay. I'll try to get all of those, if I can. This is Doug. So with respect to the endpoint of the Phase IIa study data that will readout this year, it is really a biomarker driven study, and it's based off of some nonhuman primate work that was done with a molecule to allow us to look directly at the TGF-beta signaling pathway. Remember that that's how this drug works. It basically blocks an activator of the TGF-beta pathway that's specifically up-regulated in tissues undergoing fibrosis like the lung in IPF patients. So we're administering increasing doses of the antibody, 8 weekly doses. And then we'll be harvesting bronchoalveolar lavage cells directly from the lung from these patients, and assessing the TGF-beta signaling pathway, looking at the immediate downstream signaling event when TGF-beta binds to its receptor. That's the [indiscernible] endpoint. That's a very quantitative way of looking at that signaling pathway. There's also a collection of genes that are up-regulated, again, downstream of TGF-beta binding to its receptor, and we validated those endpoints in the primate preclinical studies. And so what we're looking for in this study is -- and in addition to the TGF-beta signaling pathway, in a dose-dependent fashion, taking cells directly from patients with IPF, directly from the tissue of interest. We think that, that will give us really good insights into the appropriate dose to take forward into the next clinical study, which we haven't yet defined whether that will be a Phase III study or whether that would be a Phase II, III type study. Again, we're still working through that. But with respect to -- right to Phase III, it's really going to be a function of how robust that data is. As far as strategic, we have identified fibrosis as one of the areas of expansion for the organization. It's sort of a logical extension beyond the chronic inflammation space that we're already in with some of our programs. And fibrosis is the consequence of long-standing inflammation in many different diseases. So we see it as a natural adjacency to the immunology portfolio. And it's a specialty market, which fits very well with the type of drug candidates that we're going to be developing in the various markets that we're in. So we see it as really a perfect fit with the expansion plans for the organization in terms of our R&D portfolio and eventually our sales programs.
Operator: I now turn the conference back over to our presenters.
George A. Scangos: Okay. Thanks, everybody. We'll get back to work on the pipeline, that's clearly where the interest is. Thanks for your attendance this morning. Appreciate it. Bye.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2013 Q3  (2013-10-28 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Claudine Prowse George A. Scangos - Chief Executive Officer and Director Tony Kingsley - Executive Vice President of Global Commercial Operations Douglas Edward Williams - Executive Vice President of Research & Development Paul J. Clancy - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President of Finance Alfred Sandrock - Group Senior Vice President and Chief Medical Officer
Analysts: Mark J. Schoenebaum - ISI Group Inc., Research Division Eric Schmidt - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division Geoffrey C. Porges - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division Ravi Mehrotra - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division Rachel L. McMinn - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Matthew Roden - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Geoffrey C. Meacham - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Yaron Werber - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Terence C. Flynn - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Michael J. Yee - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division Robyn Karnauskas - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Joel D. Sendek - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division Ritu Baral - Canaccord Genuity, Research Division Gene Mack - Brean Capital LLC, Research Division Brian Corey Abrahams - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division Marko K. Kozul - Leerink Swann LLC, Research Division Thomas Wei - Jefferies LLC, Research Division John L. Newman - JMP Securities LLC, Research Division
Operator: Good morning. My name is Sharlene, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Biogen Idec Third Quarter 2013 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Ms. Claudine Prowse, President of Investor Relations, you may begin your conference, ma'am.
Claudine Prowse: Thank you, and welcome to Biogen Idec's Third Quarter 2013 Earnings Conference Call. Before we begin, I encourage everyone to go to the Investors section of biogenidec.com to find the press release and related financial tables, including a reconciliation of the non-GAAP financial measures that we'll discuss today. Our GAAP financials are provided in Tables 1 and 2. Table 3 includes a reconciliation of our GAAP to non-GAAP financial results, which we believe better represents the ongoing economics of our business and reflects how we manage the business internally. We have also posted slides on our website that follow the discussions related to this call. I would like to point out that we will be making forward-looking statements, which are based on our current expectations. These statements are subject to certain risks and uncertainties, and actual results may differ materially from our expectations. I encourage everyone to consult our SEC filings for additional detail. On today's call, I'm joined by our Chief Executive Officer, Dr. George Scangos; Tony Kingsley, EVP of Global Commercial Operations; Dr. Doug Williams, EVP of Research and Development; and our CFO, Paul Clancy. We'll also be joined for the Q&A portion of the call by our SVP and Chief Medical Officer, Dr. Al Sandrock. I'll now turn the call over to George.
George A. Scangos: Okay, thanks, Claudine, and good morning, everyone. The quarter marks another period of strong financial performance and continued pipeline progress for Biogen Idec. Tony, Doug and Paul will cover our achievements in more detail in a couple of minutes, and I just want to make a few introductory comments. So revenues for the quarter were $1.8 billion, up 32%, and non-GAAP diluted earnings per share were $2.35, up 23%. Based on these results, we're raising our financial guidance for the year. In the U.S., the TECFIDERA launch continues to go exceedingly well. According to IMS, TECFIDERA is now the leading oral therapy after only 6 months on the market. Importantly, we've achieved this significant milestone by increasing our share in the overall market without disproportionally diluting the rest of our MS franchise. We're excited by the initial success of TECFIDERA and its trajectory, but our launch efforts continue, and we need to remain diligent to fully capitalize on this early success. As for the situation in the EU, I'm sure that by now, you're aware of the release from the EMA on Friday that announced that DMT was evaluating TECFIDERA and expects to make a decision on regulatory data protection at its November meeting. We continue to believe that we're entitled to regulatory data protection, and we're working diligently to achieve that outcome. We'll have no other update on the EU situation on this call. As expected, TECFIDERA has taken share from the injectable segment of the market. Within that segment, however, AVONEX continues to hold up well. In the coming year, we look forward to the potential launch of PLEGRIDY, our PEGylated interferon product candidate, which has the potential to provide patients with another efficacious treatment option with less frequent dosing. If approved, we believe patients and physicians will view PLEGRIDY as the preferred front-line treatment option in the injectable segment. We continue to have confidence in TYSABRI's powerful efficacy and the utility of risk stratification to effectively manage patients. We have some work ahead of us near term to ensure that patients with active disease benefit from TYSABRI. Our fundamental [indiscernible] remains unchanged [indiscernible] the efficacy exposure in treatment [indiscernible] TYSABRI offers them the best solution. As you know, next year marks not only the potential introduction of PLEGRIDY, but also of our long-lasting clotting factors ALPROLIX and ELOCTATE. Today, I want to give you all an update on the regulatory process for our long-lasting factor VIII product candidate, ELOCTATE. Based on discussions with the FDA last week, there's a possibility of a delay in the approval of ELOCTATE. The matter under discussion does not pertain to the safety or efficacy of the product or any of the clinical trial data. It pertains to the validation of certain steps in the manufacturing process, and we are in an active dialogue with the FDA. It's a bit premature to discuss this development since it is so recent and evolving. And unfortunately, we cannot be more precise about the matter or timing at this time. However, we know that approval of ELOCTATE is important for the hemophilia community and our investors, and we wanted to be upfront on the call. When we have more complete information, we'll update you at that time. I do want to remind everyone that in addition to the 3 products now under regulatory review, we have a number of promising drug candidates in mid-stage clinical testing, and we expect to have meaningful readouts on up to 6 of our compounds by the end of 2014. It's unlikely that all 6 will be positive, but we're hopeful that some of these will represent the next wave of Phase III product candidates. In summary, we had an excellent quarter commercially and financially and are raising our guidance for the year. Our pipeline is making good progress. We'll know more about European regulatory data protection next month, and we'll update you on the ELOCTATE situation at an appropriate time. I'll now turn the call over to Tony.
Tony Kingsley: Thanks, George. The commercial team is executing on all fronts as we continue to grow our MS franchise patient market share while preparing for the potential launches of 3 new products in 2014. I'm very pleased with the broad adoption and strong uptake of TECFIDERA and view it as a positive sign of initial physician acceptance. According to our data, through the end of the quarter, over 5,000 U.S. doctors have prescribed TECFIDERA. Our sales force continues to focus on educating physicians to deepen usage among current prescribers and further expand the prescribing base. While there are still doctors who haven't prescribed, we believe these are generally community physicians who treat fewer MS patients. We believe that our strong TECFIDERA launch puts us in a very good position but understand that TECFIDERA's long-term success will require a robust and sustained commercial effort. Consistent with last quarter, our data indicates that approximately 1/4 of TECFIDERA patients who were not on prior therapy while approximately 3/4 switched from a disease-modifying therapy. We believe switches from each therapy continue to be roughly in line with market share. In the upcoming quarters, we expect TECFIDERA new prescription volume will remain healthy but continue to moderate to more closely reflect the underlying patient dynamics of the MS market. We believe that TECFIDERA is generally viewed by physicians as having strong efficacy, a solid safety profile and good tolerability. Some patients do experience GI tolerability concerns with a subset of patients experiencing GI issues for an extended period. From our conversations, we believe physicians largely view these side effects as manageable. We continue to improve patient access to TECFIDERA. As of the end of the quarter, over half of U.S. patients had access to TECFIDERA without requiring a step edit. To further expand access, discussions with additional payers are ongoing. And as additional contracts are implemented, discounts are likely to increase. Outside of the U.S., TECFIDERA was approved in Australia in July, and we expect to have reimbursement approved by early 2014. In Canada, TECFIDERA's launch is off to a good start through private insurance, and we also expect the public reimbursement decision by early 2014. Turning to AVONEX. Within the injectable segment, AVONEX has gained market share year to date, which we believe is primarily driven by the convenience of the AVONEX PEN auto injector. We believe convenience continues to be a key differentiator for the injectable segment and that we are well positioned with the AVONEX PEN and potentially PLEGRIDY, should it be approved. Moving on to TYSABRI. We believe physician perceptions of TYSABRI's efficacy remain strong. In the U.S., new TYSABRI prescriptions continued at a good pace despite the additional treatment option of TECFIDERA. There were fewer discontinuations in Q3 compared to Q2, and about 70% of U.S. patients discontinuing TYSABRI started on TECFIDERA and remained in our franchise of MS products. Accordingly, the number of TYSABRI patients leaving our MS franchise has declined significantly in the U.S. compared to prior to TECFIDERA's launch. In Europe, TYSABRI growth continued to be impacted by oral competition. Strong commercial focus on TYSABRI's high efficacy and differentiated product profile, coupled with risk stratification, remain very important to the success of this product. So in summary, I'm very pleased with the performance of our MS franchise during the quarter. TECFIDERA's rapid launch trajectory has continued, and AVONEX and TYSABRI have held up well as expected. The commercial organization has demonstrated strong execution in launch mode, which I believe bodes well for the potential upcoming launches in MS and hemophilia. I'll now turn the call over to Doug.
Douglas Edward Williams: Thanks, Tony. We're very pleased by the progress in R&D. I'll start by highlighting new data for TECFIDERA and TYSABRI and then review a number of our other product candidates, many of which are expected to have important readouts in 2014 and 2015. We continue to invest in TECFIDERA to better understand the characteristics of this important therapy. At the recent ECTRIMS meeting, we presented interim analysis from the ENDORSE extension study that support the favorable safety profile of TECFIDERA in patients with relapsing-remitting MS and showing no new or worsening safety signals in patients who had received TECFIDERA for up to 6.5 years. Longer-term analysis from ENDORSE also demonstrates that TECFIDERA maintained its effect in reducing disease activity. New data were presented at ECTRIMS for TYSABRI that reaffirms the powerful efficacy of this product, which we believe continues to be its key differentiating feature. Based on analysis from the TYSABRI Observational Protocol, or TOP study, MS patients treated for up to 6 years with TYSABRI maintain very low relapse rates and stable EDSS disability scores. We also presented baseline patient characteristics from the ASCEND study for TYSABRI and SPMS, a study which, if positive, we believe has the potential to support expanded TYSABRI use into this vastly underserved population. This study is being performed under an FDA Special Protocol Assessment, utilizing a novel composite endpoint to evaluate the ability of TYSABRI to slow disease progression independent of MS relapse. Accrual for this study is complete, and results are expected in 2015. Now I'll turn to our late-stage pipeline product candidates. Based on 1-year clinical and MRI data from the 2-year Phase III ADVANCE study, PLEGRIDY appears to have an efficacy and safety profile similar to other currently available interferon therapies combined with reduced frequency subcutaneous administration, and if approved, a patient administered auto injector. We continue to expect FDA and EMA decisions for PLEGRIDY in mid-2014. Also in mid-2014, we look forward to seeing Phase III data for daclizumab in relapsing-remitting MS. Data from the daclizumab Phase IIb registrational study point at strong efficacy in annualized relapse rate and MRI measures of disease activity and EDSS measures of disability progression. Our hope is that these data will be affirmed in the ongoing Phase III DECIDE study and support registration of daclizumab as a high efficacy once-monthly subcutaneous therapy. Now moving to our hemophilia franchise. At the recent National Hemophilia Foundation meeting, we shared data from registrational studies of our long-lasting recombinant hemophilia product candidates, ALPROLIX and ELOCTATE. These data reinforce the value proposition that we believe these long-lasting therapies, if approved, may bring to patients, including reduced dosing frequency and innovative individualized dosing flexibility. The pediatric Kids B-LONG trial for ALPROLIX and the Kids A-LONG trial for ELOCTATE remain on track to read out in 2014. These studies are essential for filing in Europe and are also important for the U.S. label. Another key event that occurred during the quarter was positive Phase III results in chronic lymphocytic leukemia for GA101, a humanized anti-CD20 antibody designed to improve upon RITUXAN's efficacy. Combined with chemotherapy, GA101 was significantly superior to RITUXAN and CLL. While we usually don't discuss GA101 because our partner, Roche, is operationalizing the program, moving this molecule forward is an important part of a longer-term strategy to extend our anti-CD20 franchise. Roche will present additional data at ASH and expects an FDA approval decision for CLL by the end of 2013. Turning to the earlier-stage product candidates. Our R&D strategy has been to improve the mid-stage pipeline in both quality and number. We've invested in programs that we believe have both strong technical rationale and the potential to provide meaningful clinical improvement in patients with serious unmet medical needs. Our objective has been to design robust proof-of-concept studies to enable well-informed decisions about future larger-scale development efforts. During the last several years, we've been executing on this plan, and our mid-stage pipeline is now at a point where a number of our clinical studies are nearing maturity. As a result, we expect 2014 to be a data-rich period for Biogen Idec as we anticipate up to 6 proof-of-concept readouts for anti-Lingo in optic neuritis, STX-100 in IPF, neublastin in neuropathic pain and BIIB037 in Alzheimer's disease, as well as for our partnered programs, ISIS-SMNRx in SMA and anti-CD40 ligand in lupus. With each of these clinical study results, we expect to gain a deeper understanding of the potential of each of these candidates and hopefully take a step closer to bringing new therapies to patients in need. We also took steps during the quarter to add capabilities to our discovery research platform in neurology by entering into research collaborations with ISIS Pharmaceuticals and Amicus Therapeutics. As part of our research collaboration with ISIS, we gained exclusive rights to use ISIS's antisense technology to develop therapies for a broad range of neurological targets. Targets discovered in this collaboration can be developed by Biogen Idec as biologic, small molecule or antisense drugs. The agreement also provides Biogen Idec with the option to license ongoing antisense development programs against neurologic targets. Our collaboration with Amicus will leverage their research platform and expertise and focus on discovering and developing small molecule drugs for the treatment of Parkinson's disease. We believe Amicus has unique approaches to developing drugs to reduce alpha-synuclein accumulation, a hallmark of Parkinson's disease pathology. In summary, significant progress is being made in the late-stage pipeline. And just as important, the Phase I and Phase II portion of our pipeline is maturing nicely as well. Overall, we believe that 2014 will be a data-rich year for our pipeline followed by a steady stream of important readouts for all of the late-stage programs: Daclizumab in relapsing-remitting MS in mid-2014, TYSABRI and SPMS in 2015, in addition to Pivotal GA101 readouts in non-Hodgkin's lymphoma. I look forward to providing you updates on our progress in the coming quarters. I'll now pass the call to Paul.
Paul J. Clancy: Thanks, Doug. Our GAAP diluted earnings per share were $2.05 in the third quarter, while our non-GAAP diluted earnings per share were $2.35. The differences between our GAAP and non-GAAP financial results are outlined in the earnings presentation. Total revenue for the third quarter grew 32% to $1.8 billion. AVONEX worldwide sales were $733 million in the third quarter compared to $736 million in prior year. In the U.S., AVONEX revenue declined 1% to $457 million. Internationally, AVONEX revenue increased 1% to $277 million. Foreign exchange and hedging weakened AVONEX revenue by approximately $5 million in the quarter compared to a gain of $9 million in Q3 of 2012. TYSABRI worldwide revenues, net of hedging, were $401 million in the third quarter, comprised of $232 million in the U.S. and $169 million internationally. Third quarter TYSABRI revenues were unfavorably impacted by $13 million of deferred revenue in our Italian affiliate. The impact of foreign exchange and hedging for the third quarter softened revenue by approximately $2 million for TYSABRI compared to a gain of $3 million in the prior year. Global third quarter TECFIDERA revenue was strong at $286 million. U.S. TECFIDERA revenue include incremental inventory build of approximately $12 million this quarter. Absent this inventory build, revenue generated from underlying patient demand in the U.S. was approximately $272 million. As of the end of Q3, we estimate U.S. inventory in the channel for TECFIDERA was in the 4- to 5-week range or approximately $92 million. Third quarter international TECFIDERA revenue, entirely from Canada, was $2 million. U.S. RITUXAN sales were $947 million. Our U.S. profit share was $282 million. Royalties and profit share and sales of Rituximab outside the U.S. were $21 million. The result was $303 million of revenue from unconsolidated joint business. Now turning to the expense lines in the non-GAAP P&L. Third quarter non-GAAP cost of goods sold were $235 million or 13% of revenue, which includes TYSABRI contingent payment and third-party royalties. Third quarter non-GAAP R&D expense was $409 million or 22% of revenues, an increase of 38% over last year, primarily driven by our recently announced research collaboration with ISIS. Specifically, we made an upfront payment of $100 million, of which approximately $75 million was expensed in the quarter. The remaining portion will be capitalized and expensed over the life of the collaboration. Third quarter non-GAAP SG&A expense was $404 million or 22% of revenues, an increase of 36% over last year, driven primarily by increased investment associated with the TECFIDERA launch. Our third quarter non-GAAP tax rate was 27%, driven by a larger percentage of our revenues coming from within the United States due to the strong TECFIDERA launch. During the quarter, we repurchased 1.7 million shares for a total of approximately $360 million. Our weighted average diluted shares were 238 million, and we ended the quarter slightly north of $1 billion in cash and marketable securities. This brings us to our non-GAAP diluted earnings per share, which were $2.35 for the third quarter. Now we'll turn to the full year 2013 guidance. We're raising our guidance as the result of the strength seen with the TECFIDERA launch. We now expect total revenue growth of approximately 23% to 25%. For TYSABRI, we hope to record a revenue benefit of approximately $95 million by the end of the year related to the pending settlement with the Italian National Medicines Agency, but this may not happen. The timing of the final approval remains a bit uncertain and could move to early 2014, which would put our 2013 revenue growth at the lower end of the guidance. Additionally, we'll continue to defer a portion of our Italian revenue until this settlement is finalized. Moving to the expense lines of the P&L. We anticipate cost of goods sold to be between 12% and 14% of sales. R&D expense remains unchanged, and we expect to be between 21% and 23% of sales. This includes approximately $60 million earmarked for milestone payments and potential business development opportunities in the fourth quarter. SG&A expense remains unchanged and is expected [ph] to be approximately 24% to 26% of total revenues as we continue to fund TECFIDERA's launch and make prelaunch investments in hemophilia. Our effective 2013 tax rate expect to be between 24% and 25% of pre-tax income, a modest increase over our prior guidance, driven by a larger percentage of our pre-tax income being generated in the U.S. As a result, we anticipate non-GAAP earnings per share results between $8.65 and $8.85 and GAAP EPS to be between $7.50 and $7.70. The range reflects the uncertainty around the timing of the finalization of the IEFA settlement. I'll turn the call over to George for his closing comments.
George A. Scangos: Okay. Thank you, Paul. And look, Biogen Idec is doing well, and we believe the prospects for next year look even brighter. Our quarterly performance was strong, and we've raised guidance for the year. We believe we're the global leader in MS today with a growing market share and with potential leaders in the 3 market segments: AVONEX and potentially PLEGRIDY in the injectable segment, TYSABRI in the high efficacy segment and now TECFIDERA in the oral segment. We recognize that patients and physicians are seeking treatment options that provide flexibility, and we believe that we have the portfolio to appropriately address the diverse needs of this population. TECFIDERA continues on a strong trajectory, and we believe that its broad adoption in the U.S. is a testament to its value to the MS patient community. Our launch efforts continue as we look forward to building on this quarter's achievements to serve even more patients. We have 2 large regulatory issues underway: TECFIDERA regulatory data protection in Europe and the process validation of ELOCTATE in the U.S. We understand the importance of these issues and are working diligently to resolve them. As you know, we're moving closer to a resolution of European regulatory data protection. The ELOCTATE process questions have just recently arisen, and we'll update you as soon as it's appropriate to do so. These types of issues are part of our business, and we're working through them. Over the years, our commitment to reinvigorating the science has been the driving force behind our pipeline programs. We're encouraged by the quality of our pipeline but recognize that continued efforts to identify early-stage candidates are necessary to ensure our continued momentum. We're determined to be at the forefront of science and medicine, which we believe is critical to enable us to sustain and grow value in years to come. As we look at the number of development milestones that we have achieved this year and those that we expect next year, it's evident that momentum is growing throughout the company. We're very proud of our accomplishments but know that continued success requires sustained execution on the part of our organization. We believe we're on a trajectory for continued growth with the potential for 3 additional products in 2014. This type of growth requires a broad coordinated effort, especially for an organization of our size. Our team is diligently working to ensure that we have the resources required to make each launch a success while maintaining our momentum in the other areas of our business. In closing, I'd like to take this opportunity to once again thank our dedicated employees for their contributions to bringing meaningful new therapies to patients in need and to physicians and patients who are always central to what we do. Thanks to all of you for joining us this morning, and we'll now open up the call for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Mark Schoenebaum from ISI Group.
Mark J. Schoenebaum - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: My question -- I wanted to drill down on the factor VIII issue that you disclosed there. I don't know if there's -- I mean, basically, it's an open-ended question. Is there anything else you can tell us? And then specifically, is the commercial product exactly the same as the Phase III product? Is it the same cell line, the same process? Or were there any changes made between the Phase III production and the commercial production? And if I just may, this is a housekeeping, is it possible to give us maybe, Paul, I'm not sure this is appropriate, for TECFIDERA U.S. patient share according to your data?
George A. Scangos: Okay, good job of getting 2 questions in there in one. Look, on the first issue, there weren't any changes between the Phase III and the commercial product. But other than that, we really can't go into any more details. This is all new. It's premature, and we're working through it. On the market share, I'll let Paul take that.
Paul J. Clancy: Yes, Mark. I think what we said during the call was that we feel that during the quarter, we were the leading oral. So we surpassed market share of the other oral during the quarter, and that puts us probably into double-digit range, into kind of the just over the bar on the 10% from a share perspective towards the end of the quarter in the United States. So very good launch, obviously. We're very pleased with that trajectory coming out of the gates.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Eric Schmidt from Cowen and Company.
Eric Schmidt - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: I won't ask for an update on the EU, but maybe I could just ask for a post date. Could you clarify, George, whether previously the CHMP has reviewed NAS status for TECFIDERA and actually turned down the molecule or could you just say that you've not been informed one way or another?
George A. Scangos: I think, Eric, at this point, we're not going to say any more at all. These processes are complicated, and they go back and forth. And so better to just leave it as it is, I think. And we are getting closer to a decision, and I'll leave it at that.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Geoffrey Porges from AllianceBernstein.
Geoffrey C. Porges - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: Quick question on MS. So could you tell us what's been the overall expansion in the size of the MS market if you look at the treated patient numbers, say, for the most recent quarter compared to a year ago? And then just on a related note, could you comment on the trajectory of the new patient starts through the quarter? Because we're seeing TRX numbers that are blends, obviously, and it would be helpful if you could tell us the actual main patient trajectory.
Tony Kingsley: Yes, thanks, Geoff. It's Tony. So I think we -- as we talked on the prior calls, we've seen the switch market in the U.S. moving at a rate that's much higher than it has been historically. Again, the numbers we've quoted, we -- when the market is at sort of steady state, when you take switchers, returning quitters, people going out, new starts tends to run at about 1,000 to 1,200 kind of available patients per week. And as we pointed out, even TECFIDERA alone has been running as a multiple of that. We do expect to see that come down over time. We have, as always, at best, probably anecdotal evidence about returning quitters. It's hard to identify that population. We do think some of the TECFIDERA volume is people who have come back into the market, but we've always been cautious about overstating that. We think it's more just the underlying switch dynamic that has increased pretty significantly.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Ravi Mehrotra from Credit Suisse.
Ravi Mehrotra - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: My 2-part question, which is completely unrelated to each other. TECFIDERA, could you just give us some input into the real world what the doctor is doing with regard to the lymphocyte monitoring and CBCs? I mean, are they doing that monitoring more than -- well, more than the label annually, they would have to be, right? And secondly, Paul, the share buyback that you put in this quarter, $360 million, 1.7, can we extrapolate anything from that?
Douglas Edward Williams: Ravi, it's Doug. With respect to lymphocyte monitoring, I think that there's probably a little bit going on out there that we hear with docs monitoring lymphocytes maybe a little more frequently than what the label suggests. I think that's not unexpected with a new product as the doctors are becoming familiar with it. But it's our position based on the data from the Phase III studies and now from the ENDORSE extension study that has data for 6.5 years that the labeling is appropriate for monitoring these patients with respect to lymphocytes and white cells.
Paul J. Clancy: And then, Ravi, this is Paul. The share buyback this quarter was intended for share stabilization impact. So that's an ongoing what we do on an annual basis to stabilize shares. Certainly as we go forward, high-class problem in terms of the cash flow generation that we have, and we'll continue to look to be very good stewards of shareholder value in the deployment of capital.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Rachel McMinn from Bank of America.
Rachel L. McMinn - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Yes. On the tax rate, Paul, I'm just curious if you can give us a better sense. It looks like your guidance is implying somewhere in the high 20s or maybe even 30% in the fourth quarter. How should we think about tax for 2014 with and without European TECFIDERA? And then just a second part. On persistency trends, can you talk a little bit more, Tony, about what you're seeing with discontinuations for GI and tolerability overall?
Paul J. Clancy: Yes, Rachel, this is Paul. So the tax guidance was, as you know correctly, that's tax guidance for the full year. For the fourth quarter, our tax guidance, while it's not stated there, I'll just kind of give you the number that we're thinking through at this point, is right around 26% for the fourth quarter. So just to try to clarify that. It's just the result of TECFIDERA profits in the United States being very strong and robust. As we move into the next year, I think we'll have to get past and get clarity on kind of the product mix as we go into next year, and we'll update you at probably at the end of year call.
Tony Kingsley: Yes, Rachel, it's Tony. So we're still seeing a big -- look, I talked to a lot to physicians. They're seeing a big mix in their experience with tolerability issues. There are some physicians who are seeing the subset -- usually a small subset of patients who have more extended GI issues. There are other physicians who don't see, in my conversations, much of an issue at all. We think the market is working through it. From a sort of persistence standpoint, I think we'll -- we still think it's a little early to give very specific guidance on how we think discontinuation rates are going to settle out because we're still early in the launch and we've had a lot of patients go on pretty quickly, but we're not seeing anything that's outside our expectation.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Matt Roden from UBS.
Matthew Roden - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: I actually have a pipeline question here, Doug or Al, if you're on. The 14-month follow-up data on SMA showed a mean improvement on the Hammersmith, I think, 5.75 points in the high-dose group with no patients declining. Just wondering in the absence of a placebo ARM, can you just add some perspective as to how that should be interpreted? I mean, we understand that normal development growth, maybe even a learning curve, can drive the Hammersmith score higher. Just wondering if the magnitude of the change in the high-dose groups leads you to conclude anything here ahead of having any placebo-controlled data.
Alfred Sandrock: Matt, it's Al Sandrock. I agree with you that without well-controlled trial, it's always a little difficult to make any strong interpretations. It's gratifying to see the improvement, and you mentioned the average improvements. Some patients are improving more than that. Some are less. And so I think in the absence of a well-controlled trial, I think it's premature to make any strong conclusions.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Geoff Meacham from JPMorgan.
Geoffrey C. Meacham - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: I got a couple on TYSABRI. Can you guys talk about switches for TECFIDERA? I know last quarter, you gave a good amount of detail on that. And then with the competition from orals in the EU, there really isn't a lot of new data. So what's the commercial strategy for you guys to protect share going forward?
Tony Kingsley: Great, great question. It's Tony. So look, let me separate U.S. and EU. In the U.S., there's a new alternative in the market, which is TECFIDERA, which we know has caused some -- attracted lots of patients. Look, in light of that, we think that TYSABRI -- we believe TYSABRI -- actually, new prescription volume is holding up quite well. It speaks to the fact that it is a product with higher efficacy that tends to have a subset of patients that makes sense. The impact in the U.S. has largely been on the discontinuation side. Again, there's a new alternative, and for patients who are post years [ph] JCV positive, we've seen a meaningful portion move over. I think EU is a similar situation, certainly on the discons is where we're seeing more of the challenge, and it's frankly been the other orals pretty aggressively competing against that. So look, it's an execution issue for us, I think, in both cases. We know what TYSABRI's value proposition to patients and physicians is. We know what the value of risk stratification is. So it's very much focused on messaging presence in the physician office and focus on patient identification, and we think that, that will help us work through that.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Yaron Werber from Citi.
Yaron Werber - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: If you don't mind, I just kind of -- I wanted to clarify something, and then actually, I have a question. So just to clarify, George, you mentioned that with ELOCTATE, I think the words you used, and maybe I'm incorrect, but was the word you used, that there might be an extension to the review, I'm just trying to get a sense. Are you kind of thinking a 90-day extension or whether you're thinking a refiling? And then secondly, and that's the real question, can you guys maybe share with us your thoughts of how does MMF differ from DMF in the body clinically?
George A. Scangos: Okay, Yaron. Look, for the first question, we're not thinking about a refiling. We're thinking about a delay, and it's really premature to speculate on the...
Douglas Edward Williams: And this is Doug. With respect to the difference between DMF and MMF, we had an abstract at the recent ECTRIMS meeting talking about some preclinical work that we've done, looking at gene transcription changes that take place with systemic administration of those 2 different fumarates. And I think what's clear from that set of experiments is that all fumarates are not created equal with respect to their biology, and we saw different patterns of gene expression, and it's clear that MMF and DMF elicit different biological responses.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Terence Flynn from Goldman Sachs.
Terence C. Flynn - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Maybe just one more on hemophilia. I was wondering, number one, if you can tell us where the manufacturing is done, if that's in-house. And then how similar are the steps between your factor VIII and your factor IX? Just wondering if there's -- why there was only delay for one of them.
Douglas Edward Williams: The first question, do we do the manufacturing in-house? Yes, we do. And the discussions we've had that led to these questions with the agency are centered on factor VIII, and that's the update that we provided today. I just want to emphasize, we're not talking about jeopardy to approval here. We're talking about timelines.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Michael Yee from RBC Capital Markets.
Michael J. Yee - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Yes, hey, a question on -- a follow-up on hemophilia. We continue to talk to a lot of doctors, and I know a lot of people continue to do a lot of survey work as well. It's pretty consistent with the very bullish outlook. Maybe you could comment about how you would expect additional launch. What is your work set now versus, say, a year ago? The counterargument has always been a conservative launch with switching just to comfortable and safety. So maybe you could compare and contrast the bullish outlook versus conservative doctor outlook.
Tony Kingsley: Thanks, Michael. It's Tony. Look, I'm not surprised to hear that there's interest in the surveys that you do out in the market. Again, long-acting factors is the biggest unmet need in this market. You get that from -- we've known that for a long time. You get that from physicians. You get that from patients. So look, we think there's interest in the class of long-acting factors, and so we think there's a product that has -- a profile that has the potential to do very well. We still are sort of moderate in our expectations about pace. Again, this is a market that has very slow switch rates. It's very patient-driven. There's a lot of conservatism among patients. There's a reasonable amount of conservatism among physicians. And actually, the frequency with which patients go to the hemophilia treatment center, certainly if you compare it to something like MS, is less frequent. So excited about the product profile and the potential and not surprised to hear there's some market excitement, but we do think this is a market that has a lot of characteristics that make it move a little more slowly. And it's a patient commercial approach and education approach that we think is going to be needed.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Robyn Karnauskas from Deutsche Bank.
Robyn Karnauskas - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: So now that you've seen the impact to the orals and the MS market, and you see switchers from TYSABRI who are JCV positive, do you have any updated thoughts on the positioning of the daclizumab now that you're a year away from data?
Tony Kingsley: Yes, thanks, Robyn. It's Tony. We've said we have to wait and see the data. It looks like it could be something that fits into the high efficacy space with some -- potentially some attractive characteristics. So I think we'll -- certainly, it looks like a product that would have a place in the market as we've often said. There are lots of different patient segments with different needs. So we'll have to wait and see how the readout looks.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Joel Sendek from Stifel.
Joel D. Sendek - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: On TECFIDERA, I think I heard you say you expect discounts are likely to increase. I'm wondering if you could give us more detail potentially on that. And then as far as the inventory on TECFIDERA, you mentioned 4 to 5 weeks. I'm wondering if there's a possibility for that to go up or down? I guess I'm comparing it to the AVONEX 2 weeks. Is 4 to 5 weeks a lot relative to a trajectory that TECFIDERA's on?
Paul J. Clancy: Yes, Joel, this is Paul. Thanks for the question. Let me kind of start with TEC -- let me start with the inventory first and move it to Tony on the TEC question. 4 to 5 weeks is actually the total inventory that encapsulates both the wholesalers, as well as the SPP. So that's what we're actually looking at now. It's pretty common to kind of have 2 weeks at the wholesalers for the MS products and about 2 or 3 weeks at the retail we have in the SPP basis. So I think -- we think that, that actually will probably -- is where the steady state is, and that implies very much kind of what kind of happened in the third quarter. That somewhat implies that our reported results will probably pretty closely mirror the results in the patient demand.
Tony Kingsley: Yes, Joel, Tony. On discounts, look, I think what we've said on TECFIDERA over time, we expect the growth in that characteristics to be similar to the other MS products with the main difference from, say, AVONEX being the government discounts would be lower. So you'd have some favorability there. During the launch period, we're not contracted with -- in the early days with commercial payers, so you're not paying rebates, which is a piece of that mix. Just a signal that as we finalize a number of those contracts through the end of this year and then into early next year, we'll start to see some impact from payer discounts. But again, broad strokes, we think this will be characteristic of other products in the market. With some places, it may be more favorable.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ritu Baral from Canaccord.
Ritu Baral - Canaccord Genuity, Research Division: I guess in the next 18 to 24 months, you've got some interesting potential trade-offs between different products in MS, and I was wondering how you look at AVONEX versus PLEGRIDY and the strategy there for preserving the interferon franchise. And also, you're sort of pulling our thoughts on the Orchestra data that is potentially coming in 2015 from GA101 in MS.
Tony Kingsley: Ritu, it's Tony. Let me talk about the interferon franchise. Look, we do think about interferon as a franchise for us over time. So look, job 1 is to continue to emphasize the benefits of the AVONEX PEN and gain share in that injectable segment even as it decreases. We think PLEGRIDY plays right into the area of convenience matters because it's a potential significant differentiator. So we will think about -- as PLEGRIDY comes in, it's a natural extension to that franchise over time.
George A. Scangos: And then, Ritu, I think I'm going to turn it over to Al, but I think what you're referring to is the ocrelizumab data in multiple sclerosis on the OPERA trial so...
Ritu Baral - Canaccord Genuity, Research Division: I'm sorry, OPERA trial, yes.
George A. Scangos: No problem. We're getting our symphonies a little mixed up, but Al, if you have a point.
Alfred Sandrock: Yes, I think actually there is an Orchestra trial as well, but both ocrelizumab. Ocrelizumab has very exciting Phase II data, and the extension studies that have been presented at various meetings continue to show sustained effects, long-term effects with dosing at very infrequent intervals. It's probably going to join the high-efficacy segment. It depletes a class of cells, as does some of the other high-efficacy drugs. I think the distinguishing feature of daclizumab is that potentially it could have high efficacy without depleting cells. And we joined TYSABRI as the other high-efficacy drug that doesn't deplete the lymphocytes. But I think it's an exciting -- I think ocrelizumab is an exciting drug, and the Phase II data were meaningful.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Gene Mack from Brean Capital.
Gene Mack - Brean Capital LLC, Research Division: I just wonder if you can comment a little bit on TYSABRI. Are you guys -- can you just give us a sense of what level, if any, off-label use is happening right now in secondary progression?
George A. Scangos: Well, TYSABRI is labeled for relapsing forms of MS in the United States, and patients with secondary-progressive MS who still have relapses are eligible per label. And I suspect that there are people who have entered SPMS but were still relapsing who are on label getting TYSABRI. The issue of when somebody goes from relapsing to non-relapsing, you only know that in retrospect usually because the relapse frequency decreases kind of gradually.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Brian Abrahams from Wells Fargo Securities.
Brian Corey Abrahams - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: A question for, I guess, for Doug and Al. Among the interesting data you guys presented at ECTRIMS, there were some additional results from the LINGO program. I was wondering if you could talk us through some of your learnings from both the PK and imaging components of the Phase I study, how it framed your dose selection and design of the ongoing studies. And then how does this shape what we might be thinking about looking for in the upcoming readouts for the 2 ongoing studies?
Alfred Sandrock: Well, the main additional piece of information that we presented at ECTRIMS was the effective anti-LINGO on axonal regrowth after optic nerve crush. And we have been talking a lot about the biology of anti-LINGO in terms of remyelination, but this is sort of additional information. But I mean, in both -- in the sense it's a good drug for repairing because as you know, in MS you have axons that are transacted as well as loss of myelin. The dosing has been informed -- I mean, in the Phase I trial, we looked at CSF levels of anti-LINGO. We looked at some other biomarkers in CSF. And we know based on our animal studies, when you achieve certain CSF levels of anti-LINGO, you've achieved certain levels of anti-LINGO in the brain parenchyma. And so that's how we based our dosing.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Marko Kuzol from Leerink Swann.
Marko K. Kozul - Leerink Swann LLC, Research Division: Just a quick clarification. In the prepared remarks, I believe you said over 50% of patients have access to TECFIDERA. Does this mean that these patients are receiving commercial reimbursement? And then my question is do you have any color on reimbursement tiering for the drug and any potential impact it has on how the drug is used?
Tony Kingsley: So I think what we said is over 50% of the patients have access without a step edit. So yes, we would expect a lot of those patients would transition to commercial drug relatively quickly. That's a good -- it's a good point at this stage in the launch. Over time, we're continuing to negotiate with payers. Probably a little early to call what we think the outcome will be from a reimbursement standpoint, but we think we're on track to get broad coverage.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Thomas Wei from Jefferies.
Thomas Wei - Jefferies LLC, Research Division: Just a clarification and then a question. On Rachel's question about persistency, could you sort of clarify, should we interpret your answer to mean that discontinuation rates are relatively consistent with the TECFIDERA clinical trial data? And then on the 1,000 to 1,200 steady-state rate in the MS market, can you just give us a sense of what your data tells you that number was during the third quarter on a weekly basis?
Tony Kingsley: Yes. So on persistency, I don't think I specifically compared it to the clinical trial. Again, we think it's a little early to give very tight guidance on discontinuations. There are a lot a patients starting quickly and still working through. And I think we said before we'd sort of go through the end of the year to get a good handle on that. The 1,000 to 1,200 is, I think, round numbers what we have typically seen historically. You can look at the -- even the TECFIDERA, if you can extrapolate on the TECFIDERA volume on its own in the third quarter, it was probably equal to that or even north of it. So the whole market is continuing to move at a faster rate, but we've said we think that will come down and is working its way down over time.
Operator: And our last question comes from the line of John Newman from JMP Securities.
John L. Newman - JMP Securities LLC, Research Division: My question is just regarding how we should be thinking about TECFIDERA in Europe going forward. I mean, should we be thinking about sort of different scenarios under which TECFIDERA would be launched? Or should we be thinking that there may be scenarios that may be unattractive to you in terms of launching the product?
George A. Scangos: Okay, our goal and our intent is to launch both IP protection and regulatory data protection. We're working towards that goal. We'll learn more about that in not-too-distant future, and we'll make our decisions at that point.
Operator: There are no further questions in queue at this time. This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2013 Q2  (2013-07-25 08:00:00) =====
Executives: Claudine Prowse George A. Scangos - Chief Executive Officer and Director Tony Kingsley - Executive Vice President of Global Commercial Operations Douglas Edward Williams - Executive Vice President of Research & Development Paul J. Clancy - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President of Finance
Analysts: Mark J. Schoenebaum - ISI Group Inc., Research Division Eric Schmidt - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division Geoffrey C. Porges - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division Ravi Mehrotra - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division Rachel L. McMinn - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Yaron Werber - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Terence C. Flynn - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Matthew Roden - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Geoffrey C. Meacham - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Robyn Karnauskas - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Marko K. Kozul - Leerink Swann LLC, Research Division Michael J. Yee - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division John L. Newman - JMP Securities LLC, Research Division Charles Anthony Butler - Barclays Capital, Research Division Brian Corey Abrahams - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division
Operator: Good morning. My name is Tiffany, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Biogen Idec Second Quarter 2013 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. Claudine Prowse, you may begin your conference.
Claudine Prowse: Thank you. Thank you, Tiffany, and welcome to Biogen Idec's Second Quarter 2013 Earnings Conference Call. Before we begin, I encourage everyone to go to the Investors section of biogenidec.com to find the press release and related financial tables, including a reconciliation of the non-GAAP financial measures that we'll discuss today. Our GAAP financials are provided in Tables 1 and 2. Table 3 includes a reconciliation of our GAAP to non-GAAP results, which we believe better represents the ongoing economics of our business and reflects how we manage the business internally. We have also posted slides on our website that follow the discussions related to this call. I would like to point out that we'll be making forward-looking statements, which are based on our current expectations. These statements are subject to certain risks and uncertainties, and actual results may differ materially from our expectations. I encourage everyone to consult our SEC filings for additional detail. On today's call, I'm joined by our Chief Executive Officer, Dr. George Scangos; Tony Kingsley, EVP of Global Commercial Operations; Dr. Doug Williams, EVP of Research and Development; and our CFO, Paul Clancy. I'll now turn the call over to George.
George A. Scangos: Okay, thanks, Claudine. Look, this is a very strong quarter for Biogen Idec, and I believe it represents the beginning of a new era that includes increased economic participation in TYSABRI, the launch of TECFIDERA and the anticipated launch of 3 additional products next year. So revenues for the quarter were $1.7 billion, up 21%, and non-GAAP earnings were $2.30 per share, up 26% compared to the second quarter of 2012. These great results stem from the revenues from our entire portfolio of MS products, including AVONEX, TYSABRI and now TECFIDERA. AVONEX continues to be a very strong part of the business. We're still early in the launch of TECFIDERA, but AVONEX appears to be holding up well in this new competitive environment. And we believe that the interferon franchise will be strengthened even more next year with the anticipated launch of PLEGRIDY. Although TYSABRI had a somewhat challenging quarter, in part, due to the introduction of TECFIDERA and also, the financial dynamics that Paul will discuss later in the call, we believe that the efficacy of TYSABRI will result in increasing usage in the future. We believe the recognition of the importance of treating MS aggressively and early, the increasing in understanding of risk stratification, the high level of efficacy and the potential of TYSABRI in other indications all bode well for its long-term growth, and we're optimistic about the future of TYSABRI. The launch of TECFIDERA in the U.S. has gone very well, which we believe reflects a broad recognition among physicians and patients that this is a unique product. According to IMS, TECFIDERA outperformed all other MS drugs in the first 3 months after launch. We believe that the excitement about TECFIDERA stems from a combination of factors, including its product profile as an oral therapy with strong efficacy and solid safety; our reputation in, and understanding of, the MS market; and very strong execution on the part of our U.S. commercial organization. We overcame some early logistical challenges that resulted from the unexpectedly high early demand, and we now believe that we're on a very solid trajectory and are excited about the future of the drug. So in the U.S., we're off to a great start, and recent approvals in Canada and Australia just add to the momentum. TECFIDERA is an exciting product that, we believe, has the potential to shift the paradigm of treatment for MS patients. So now let me comment briefly on the E.U. situation. As you know, on May 30, we announced that our plans to launch TECFIDERA in Europe had been delayed to allow us to make TECFIDERA's entitlement to regulatory data protection clearer at the time of launch. At the time, we said that we believe that we were entitled to regulatory data protection, and we continue to believe so. Our process to clarify regulatory data protection is moving along, but it's taking a little longer than we thought it would when we made the announcement on May 30, and it's difficult to handicap the precise timing or the potential outcome of our efforts. So we recognize that any delay of a valuable therapy like TECFIDERA is frustrating for patients, for physicians, our shareholders. We'd like to be more transparent about the process. We believe that would not be in all of our collective interest and could impact our ultimate success, and so we're not going to give any more details at this time. We do have patents covering TECFIDERA in E.U., and we believe that they're strong. However, in Europe, it's more difficult than it is in the U.S. to obtain injunctive relief that would prevent others from free-riding on our investments while we enforce our IP. Consequently, we believe that it is important to launch with both intellectual property and regulatory data protection, and we're working to achieve that outcome. So let me now move on to our other products. In the second quarter, we also made excellent progress toward the potential launch of 3 additional therapies over the next year. Our PLEGRIDY marketing applications were recently accepted by both the FDA and EMA. If approved, we believe PLEGRIDY could provide patients an efficacious treatment option with less frequent dosing and an innovative autoinjector, which may position it as a preferred interferon treatment option. We believe that the first-line injectable products, including the interferon and Copaxone, will increasingly compete on convenience, as has been exemplified by the success of the AVONEX PEN. PLEGRIDY may have the potential to become the leading drug in this class. We expect PLEGRIDY to launch in the middle of next year in the U.S. We've also been focused on the registration of our long-lasting recombinant hemophilia product candidates, ALPROLIX and ELOCTATE, for the treatment of hemophilia B and hemophilia A, respectively. We believe that our innovative biologics have the potential to transform hemophilia care by addressing the biggest unmet need for these patients, which is a reduction in the frequency of IV injections. We believe that each of these products offers a substantial value proposition for patients and has the potential to provide improved and a reduced treatment burden. Both are under review by the FDA, and we anticipate product launches in the first half of next year. Although hemophilia is a new therapeutic area for Biogen, we believe that we are well positioned. We expect to be the first to market with highly differentiated long-lasting products. We bring great expertise in biologics manufacturing, process sciences and specialty markets commercialization. And we've built a hemophilia organization comprised of many individuals with years of experience in the treatment of hemophilia. So although the company is new to the field, our employees are not. They know the field, and the field knows them. With the anticipated approval of these products next year, we believe that we're prepared to bring important new therapies to the many patients who need them. So I'll now turn the call over to Tony Kingsley to discuss in detail the commercial results this quarter.
Tony Kingsley: Thanks, George. Our commercial performance during the second quarter was strong. In Q2, we were successful in driving our longer-term goal of growing total MS patient share across our entire franchise. Q2 was the first quarter of TECFIDERA commercialization in the U.S., and we've been very pleased with the launch to date. The U.S. commercial organization planned and executed very well. As expected, there was significant physician and patient excitement about the TECFIDERA product profile. In addition, we believe the 3 months launch delay caused by the PDUFA extension and extensive media coverage led to heightened market awareness, which further increased demand for the product at launch. This pent-up demand accounted for a meaningful portion of the uptake observed during the quarter. In the upcoming quarters, we expect TECFIDERA new prescription volume to remain healthy but will moderate to more closely reflect the underlying patient start and switch dynamics of the MS market. Over 3,500 physicians have prescribed TECFIDERA today. Approximately 1/4 of TECFIDERA patients were not on prior therapy, while approximately 3/4 switched from other disease-modifying MS therapies. The source of switches appears roughly in line with the market shares of MS therapies. Early in the U.S. launch, a high number of JCV antibody-positive TYSABRI patients switched to TECFIDERA. But more recently, switching from TYSABRI has been more in line with market share. We believe that physician and patient reports of their experience with TECFIDERA have generally been favorable. While as expected, flushing and GI-related tolerability issues have been reported. From our discussions with prescribing physicians, we believe these issues are largely viewed as manageable. And we believe that very few patients, so far, have discontinued therapy because of tolerability. So after a very strong start, we continue to believe maximizing TECFIDERA performance over the longer term will require a strong and sustained commercial effort in what remains a very competitive market. And our focus has been on 2 areas: physician awareness and streamlining patient access. Our physician awareness efforts have been robust as our sales forces achieved its early goals of driving significant reach and frequency in physician calls to communicate TECFIDERA's product profile. And the early breadth of physician prescribing speaks to that. We also continue to work to improve patient access to TECFIDERA. As we expected, many plans have been aggressive with placing usage restrictions on TECFIDERA, including prior authorizations and step-edits, which creates delays in getting patients started on drug and short-term frustrations for both patients and physicians offices. Our advantage market teams are in active discussions with payers to continue to improve formulary access. On the government payer side, TECFIDERA was successfully added to the federal health care programs and is available through Medicare Part D, Medicaid and the DA. However, each Part D plan and state has its own process for updating its formulary. Turning to AVONEX. We were pleased with AVONEX Q2 performance. For the quarter, global AVONEX revenues increased 2% versus the prior year. Globally, AVONEX gained market share year-to-date within the injectable class, driven by strong commercial execution, as well as continued interest in the AVONEX PEN, as convenience continues to be a key differentiator in the injectable segment. Moving to TYSABRI. Second quarter global in-market sales decreased by 2% versus the prior year. As I mentioned, in the U.S., a significant number of higher-risk TYSABRI patients transitioned to TECFIDERA, which slowed TYSABRI growth despite the fact that we believe we are continuing to generate solid demand. During the quarter, approximately 2/3 of the patients who discontinued TYSABRI stayed within our franchise and started TECFIDERA. This creates another issue that we are well aware of and prepared for. Given that well over 1,000 higher-risk patients have transitioned from TYSABRI to TECFIDERA, we expect to see a number of cases of PML in these patients, just as has been observed in TYSABRI patients who have switched to other therapies. We believe that our competition will try to make an issue out of this, but we believe the physician community expects it. Our Medical Affairs team is having discussions with physicians, and we believe we are ready. In the E.U., we observed some softness in TYSABRI growth due to oral competition. Continued strong commercial focus on TYSABRI's high efficacy and differentiated product profile, coupled with risk stratification, remain very important to the success of this product. Overall, I'm very pleased with the execution of our commercial team and believe our MS franchise is well positioned for continued success. We have said we believe TECFIDERA will become the leading oral treatment, and we've now seen TECFIDERA's trajectory exceed all previous MS launches. As a result, we believe our MS franchise now has the leading market share, both in the U.S. and globally. We know future success is not assured, so we're focused on continuing our strong commercial execution and preparation for our upcoming launches. I'll now turn the call over to Doug to discuss our recent R&D activities.
Douglas Edward Williams: Thanks, Tony. This has been another productive and eventful quarter for our R&D organization. We presented data at a number of medical meetings on our diverse, late-stage and Commercial portfolio while advancing our early- to mid-stage pipeline. We believe our pipeline is maturing nicely and with 3 potential new product launches in 2014 and multiple pivotal and proof-of-concept readouts expected behind those, our underlying drivers of growth continue to look solid. Our 2 product candidates for hemophilia: ALPROLIX and ELOCTATE, are hopefully our next products to reach the market. We, along with our partner, Sobi, presented over 30 abstracts and gave 10 oral presentations on these products at the International Society of Thrombosis and Haemostasis Meeting, reinforcing the value proposition that we believe each of these products may potentially bring to patients. New data highlighted efficacy and safety findings, including the control of bleeding during and after surgery and the treatment of acute bleeding episodes. Data were also presented on the ability to assay ALPROLIX levels in patients, potentially enabling customized patient dosing regimens. We anticipate data from our ongoing ELOCTATE and ALPROLIX pediatric studies in 2014. We believe positive data from these pediatric studies should enable product submissions with the EMA, and the opportunity to seek expanded labeling for pediatric populations with the FDA. During the quarter, we also presented additional new data on TECFIDERA at the Consortium of Multiple Sclerosis Centers meeting, confirming that the majority of flushing and GI symptoms were mild to moderate in nature, and demonstrating that aspirin has the potential to be effective in diminishing flushing-related adverse events. In addition, a recently published Journal of Neurology manuscript examining subgroups from the Phase III DEFINE study, demonstrated that TECFIDERA was consistently effective across a broad set of patients with different demographic and disease characteristics. It's also been a busy quarter for TYSABRI, as we continue to focus on TYSABRI's powerful efficacy as its key differentiating factor, and the JCV assay as an effective patient management tool. At the European Neurology Society meeting, we presented preliminary TYSABRI-related data, showing that JCV antibody index levels correlate with PML risk in certain patients with no prior immunosuppressant use. The index is a reflection of antibody titer, and certain patients with higher titers appear to have increased PML risk. This research may allow further refinement of the PML risk stratification tools already in broad clinical use and may allow better management of TYSABRI patients. We also submitted an application for marketing authorization for TYSABRI in Japan, and we anticipate approval in the first half of 2014. Enrollment of the Phase III ASCEND trial, evaluating TYSABRI and SPMS, was also completed in the second quarter. We continue to make progress with our mid-stage pipeline and expect 3 pivotal readouts over the next 3 years: daclizumab in 2014, TYSABRI and SPMS in 2015 and potentially, SMNRx in 2016. During that time frame, we also expect to have meaningful data readouts from our early-stage programs, including: neublastin for neuropathic pain, STX-100 for IPF, BIIB037 for Alzheimer's disease, anti-CD40 ligand in SLE, anti-TWEAK in lupus nephritis and Anti-LINGO in acute optic neuritis and relapsing MS. So we believe we're on track to continue to bring new important medicines to patients in areas of high unmet need and further ensure that we have major value drivers going forward. I'll now pass the call to Paul to discuss our financial results.
Paul J. Clancy: Thanks, Doug. Our GAAP diluted earnings per share were $2.06 in the second quarter. The differences between our GAAP and non-GAAP results are outlined in the earnings presentation. The primary differences include $79 million related to the amortization of acquired intangibles, $5 million in fair value adjustments for contingent consideration, and $2 million related to stock compensation expense. This was partially offset by the tax impact on these items. Our non-GAAP diluted earnings per share in the second quarter were $2.30. As has been the case over the last couple of quarters, we experienced a couple of puts and takes within the P&L. Of note was the benefit of approximately $82 million of revenue related to TECFIDERA inventory, which added approximately $0.20 to our diluted EPS. And we made progress towards settling our TYSABRI pricing dispute with the Italian National Medicines Agency or AIFA. I'll talk in more detail about these as I walk down the P&L. Total revenue for the second quarter grew 21% to $1.7 billion. Q2 AVONEX worldwide revenue grew 2% to $774 million, as unit volume was flat versus prior year. In the U.S., AVONEX revenue grew 3% in Q2 to $479 million. U.S. unit volumes decreased 5% versus prior year, partially attributable to patients transitioning to TECFIDERA. And U.S. inventory at wholesalers for AVONEX ended at approximately 2 weeks this quarter. Internationally, Q2 AVONEX revenue was $295 million, a decrease of 1% compared to prior year. International AVONEX unit volume increased 3% versus prior year. Foreign exchange and hedging impact had a minimal impact this quarter, although compared to a gain of $10 million in the second quarter of 2012. TYSABRI worldwide in-market sales were $387 million in the second quarter, down 2%. I'll point out 2 items of note: first, the U.S. was unfavorably impacted by channel swings; and second, the international TYSABRI revenue situation was unfavorably impacted by the additional expense related to AIFA. Second quarter in-market U.S. TYSABRI revenue was $218 million, an increase of 3%. Q2 U.S. unit volume decreased 5% versus prior year. Recall, during the first quarter of 2013, we increased inventory levels in anticipation of the asset transfer from Elan to Biogen Idec. This equated to in-market revenues of approximately $26 million, increasing Q1 and depressing Q2. Q2 international TYSABRI revenue was $169 million. Earlier this month, we agreed, in principle, with the pricing committee of AIFA to settle all claims related to the ongoing pricing dispute. This settlement is subject to approval by the Italian national authorities and the AIFA board, which we expect later this year. The result, from an accounting perspective, is that we have a charge in Q2 to revenue, and anticipate a benefit later this year. Specifically, TYSABRI product revenues were negatively impacted this quarter as we recorded a liability of approximately $20 million for a portion of this settlement. We recorded this adjustment as the likelihood of making a payment to settle AIFA's claims was now probable and the amount could be estimated. Given the standards for revenue recognition, the remaining portion of the settlement will be recorded upon approval as a net benefit to revenue. We anticipate recording this revenue benefit of at least $80 million in the fourth quarter. Now moving to TECFIDERA. Second quarter TECFIDERA, its first quarter on the market, was strong as we reported $192 million of revenue. While we don't plan to provide TECFIDERA patient numbers, I do want to note that the IMS data, to date, has been a good representation of unit demand this quarter. In the quarter, TECFIDERA results include an inventory build, as approximately $82 million of revenue remained in the distribution channel at the end of the quarter. Wholesalers and specialty pharmacies built inventories in anticipation of patient demand to ensure patients experienced limited disruptions in drug supply. Absent this inventory build, it was still a very strong quarter for TECFIDERA as we estimate revenue generated from underlying patient demand was approximately $110 million. FAMPYRA revenue was $17 million while FUMADERM revenues were $16 million. U.S. RITUXAN sales were $811 million in the second quarter. Our profit share and expense reimbursement from the U.S. business was $271 million for the second quarter. And royalties and profit-sharing sales of Rituximab outside the U.S. were $18 million. This resulted in $289 million of revenue from unconsolidated joint business in the second quarter. Royalties were $38 million, and we recorded $11 million of corporate partner revenue in Q2. Now turning to the expense lines on the non-GAAP P&L. Q2 non-GAAP cost of goods sold were $231 million or 13% of revenues. This increase relates to the TYSABRI contingent payments, as well as 100% of the third-party TYSABRI royalties, which are now booked through cost of goods sold. Q2 non-GAAP R&D expense was $327 million or 19% of revenues. Q2 non-GAAP SG&A expense was $430 million or 25% of revenues, an increase of 43% over last year, driven by increased costs associated with the TECFIDERA launch. Other income and expense was an expense of $10 million. Our second quarter non-GAAP tax rate was 24%. And in the second quarter, our weighted average diluted shares were 239 million, and we ended the quarter with $775 million in cash and marketable securities, bringing us to our non-GAAP diluted earnings per share, which were $2.30 for the second quarter. Now turning to our full year 2013 guidance. We're increasing our guidance, largely the result of the strengths seen early in the TECFIDERA launch, modestly offset by the impact on our other MS therapies. We now expect total revenue growth of approximately 22% to 23%. As George mentioned, given the prolongation and uncertainty of the E.U. process, we do not expect TECFIDERA E.U. revenue to be meaningful in 2013. For TYSABRI, our prior guidance had assumed an AIFA settlement in 2013. We're pleased by the recent decision and expect to record a revenue benefit of at least $80 million in the fourth quarter of this year. Moving to the expense lines of the P&L. We anticipate cost of goods sold to be between 13% and 14% of sales. R&D expense is expected to be between 21% and 23% of sales. Our balance of year R&D forecast continues to include up to $75 million earmarked for potential new business development opportunities, and up to $35 million in anticipated upfront and milestone payments in the second half. SG&A expense is expected to be approximately 24% to 26% of total revenue. We continue to see 2013 as an investment year in SG&A, building out the commercial efforts for TECFIDERA and prelaunch efforts for hemophilia in the U.S. And we continue to expect SG&A leverage post-2013. Our effective tax rate in 2013 is expected to be between 22% and 24% of pretax income. For the balance of year, we expect the effective tax rate to be between 25% and 26%, driven by a larger percentage of our revenues being generated in the U.S. As a result, we anticipate non-GAAP earnings per share results between $8.25 and $8.50 and GAAP earnings per share to be between $7.28 and $7.53. I'll turn the call over to George for his closing comments.
George A. Scangos: Okay. Thanks, Paul. This was an excellent quarter for Biogen Idec. TECFIDERA's launch has gone very well, and we believe that TECFIDERA is on its way to becoming the major drug that provides solid efficacy and a good safety profile to large numbers of MS patients. We continue to believe in the future of TYSABRI, and are working to make sure that patients and physicians understand the value that the product brings to patients in need of high efficacy treatment. AVONEX continues to do well, and we believe our interferon franchise should be strengthened even further next year with the anticipated launch of PLEGRIDY. So as we've said many times, we believe that we're well positioned in MS with leading drugs in the oral category, the high efficacy category and the injectable category. Beyond MS, ELOCTATE and ALPROLIX are now under active review, also with anticipated U.S. launches next year. We believe that these products have the potential to transform hemophilia care, and we're excited about their potential. Our pipeline continues to move forward, and we expect to have meaningful readouts of pivotal and proof-of-concept trials in each of the next several years. So we're at the beginning of a new era for Biogen Idec. We're a global leader in MS, and our goal is to strengthen our position even further, at the same time as we expand into new indications. It's an exciting time to be here. We've accomplished a lot, but we fully recognize that we have a lot of work ahead of us. We know that if we execute well, our future is likely to be bright. We're working hard, staying focused and making sure that we achieve our ambitious goals. Achievement of our goals, to date, is the result of a lot of effort and dedication on the part of all the employees of Biogen Idec, and I want to take this opportunity to publicly thank all of them. And with that, we'll open up the call for Q&A.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Mark Schoenebaum with ISI Group.
Mark J. Schoenebaum - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: A limit to 1 is going to be very difficult for me, but I will do my best. Maybe for Paul, can you tell us how many weeks of TECFIDERA were in the channel and whether or not you expect there to be any kind of a drawdown in 3Q and -- or if you think that these are the right levels? And then, just a related question on the tax rate, I thought TECFIDERA was domiciled the IP was domiciled overseas. So profits generated on that, no matter where you sold it, would be a little bit lower. Can you just clarify that situation?
Paul J. Clancy: Excellent. Thanks for the 2 questions, Mark.
Mark J. Schoenebaum - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: That was 1.
Paul J. Clancy: 1.5. Yes, so look, we certainly wanted to go out of our way to point that the breakout between TECFIDERA channel inventory and in-market patient demand. I think people got that pretty clearly, it appears to me. By definition, the weeks in the channel at the end is like 1 divided -- whatever divided by the 13 weeks, right? So I think what I'd point you to is a couple of things as it relates to that. One is that we take the weeks in the channel very seriously, obviously, with AVONEX, with TYSABRI. And in this quarter, we specifically didn't want to really manage that hard because of the launch dynamics. We wanted to make sure there were no patient supply disruptions of any sort related to that. And particularly in the launch, you don't actually know which what SPPs are going to be the ones taking off versus the others. So that was the dynamic that -- it was probably a little bit more than we thought in terms of the inventory, but it was all to try to support the launch of the product, which was quite successful. As we go forward, what I would guide you to -- and we'll try to point out these dynamics as we go forward, but my expectations is that, for Q3 and for Q4, that our reported TECFIDERA numbers in the United States will largely line up with the in-market patient demand. Said another way, what's in the channel now, which is plus or minus 80, is probably what -- in the magnitude of what we could expect at the end of Q3, and what to expect at the end of Q4. So hopefully, that helps. The tax question is obviously much more complex. But in a given year, your effective tax rate has to mirror the cash flow, the projected cash flow. And given the strength of TEC in the United States, that puts a little bit of short-term upward pressure on the tax rate, greater than what we actually expected. So a good problem to have given that -- the U.S. launch, I think it's temporary as well.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Eric Schmidt with Cowen and Company.
Eric Schmidt - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: I just wanted to clarify 1 or maybe 1.5 things that Tony said on the TECFIDERA launch. First, with regard to his comments about there being some pent-up demand, us expecting or looking to expect maybe a decline in new patient starts. Is that something that you're already observing? Or is that just your assessment of how this launch might play out? And then, I guess secondly, with the TYSABRI transitions to TECFIDERA, what rate of PML might we expect based on your experience with other TYSABRI drug transitions?
Tony Kingsley: Thanks, Eric. Maybe I'll take the first, and have Doug answer the second. So I would think about it this way, if you take the U.S. market, patient flows at sort of a steady-state, all in. The new starts, which is returning quitters, quitters going out, it runs at a rate of about 1,000 to 1,200 patients per week. You can do your patient numbers however you want, but I mean, just looking at the IMS data, it's pretty clear that TECFIDERA alone was running at something like twice that rate in the second quarter. So look, we clearly think that's going to come down and moderate over time. But we remain very optimistic about what the product profile is and the acceptance. So that's the way I think about that.
Douglas Edward Williams: And Eric, this is Doug. The answer to your question with respect to the rate of PML, I think it's very difficult to come up with a number or to make any predictions about that. I think that what Tony was highlighting was the fact that we had a large number of patients who rolled off of TYSABRI and on to TECFIDERA. Many of them are probably out at or beyond 2 years, and are JC-positive. And just like we've seen with Gilenya and Copaxone and other disease-modifying drugs that patients have been rolled on to, we would anticipate seeing some cases of PML. And we'd expect to see that relatively soon, just given what we've seen with the other DMTs and the kinetics of that event. You'll recall that the TYSABRI label says to monitor patients for 6 months after they come off the drug for the emergence of PML, and so that's the sort of expected window in which these cases would emerge, but I can't give you a specific rate or number.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Geoff Porges with Bernstein.
Geoffrey C. Porges - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: It doesn't sound like you guys saw it coming much better than we did initially. My question related to regulatory data protection. You've received approval in Canada and Australia, but highlighted on this call the need for regulatory data protection in Europe. Could you tell us about what the regulatory data protection you have is in Canada and Australia, and what's distinct about the exposure you view yourselves as having to generic entry there compared to Europe?
George A. Scangos: We are all kind of looking around the room here. Well, I think the issue with the regulatory data protection is unique to Europe and doesn't exist in other geographies around the world, and so it's not an issue in Australia or Canada or the U.S.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ravi Mehrotra with Credit Suisse.
Ravi Mehrotra - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Probably for George. George, we've had a number of TECFIDERA side effect scares over the last year. January, there were malignancy issues. April, the New England Journal, PML, fumaric acid. Issues last week, pneumonia. They've all turned out to be storms in a teacup. What other scares might you anticipate, and how would you help us prepare for them? And this really isn't a second question, and I don't want to guide your answer, but can you just remind us about your post-launch monitoring systems, particularly with Tony's comments about PML? How quickly can you report back to us when those cases pop up?
George A. Scangos: Yes, thanks, Ravi. Look, there's no reason, at this point, to expect other issues. I'm sure that will crop up, as you said, we had the case this week that turned out to be erroneous and -- was erroneously reported and turns out to be unlikely have anything to do with TECFIDERA. There will probably be other ones of those as we go forward. Look, with respect to PML, I can just reiterate what Doug said. Patients coming off of TYSABRI are at risk for development of PML for a number of months after they discontinue therapy. But I think, in total, about 12% of our PML cases come from patients who have discontinued. Some of them are on other therapies, some of them are not, and we're likely to see the same phenomenon here. And so we are aware of that. We count those cases in our monthly reports when we issue our TYSABRI PML case reports regardless of what drugs patients have switched on to, and TECFIDERA will be treated just like we treat any other drug.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Rachel McMinn with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Rachel L. McMinn - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: I know you're not commenting on E.U. TECFIDERA, but can we infer from your comments, Paul, when you said that revenues were not expected be meaningful in 2013, that you still hope to launch TECFIDERA, believe that it's possible that you could launch TECFIDERA in the back half of the year? And then, just, I was hoping that you could give us a little bit more color on PLEGRIDY, given the success of TECFIDERA so far, you mentioned that you believe this drug could be a leader of interferon. But how do we think about the class given the strength of oral adoption to date?
Paul J. Clancy: I'll take the first part, and Tony will take the second part, Rachel. Thanks for the question. Look, it's really -- the revenue guidance -- we obviously, as everyone knows, don't break out product guidance. I think people would love that, but we actually just don't do that. And the revenue guidance, as it relates to the TECFIDERA E.U. number, is just not meaningful. So that really just doesn't say anything specific on the timing. The timing's hard to handicap, as George had mentioned. The outcome's obviously hard to handicap. So we're going to -- we're working constructively. The process is moving along, and that's really all we can say, kind of, at this point. Tony, do you want to grab the [indiscernible].
Tony Kingsley: Yes. So thank you. Look, I'll just repeat, our theory of the market, which we've talked about a lot of times is we think injectables will compress as a class, orals will grow and high efficacy will grow. Orals, with the launch of TECFIDERA off to a fast start, which obviously, we're excited about. The mid- to long-term trajectory of that, we still think injectables are going to be a meaningful portion of the market. We still think convenience is going to be the differentiator. We still think that the PLEGRIDY profile is potentially attractive there, and again, a less frequent injection with a good safety profile mechanism, which is interferon, is going to be appropriate for patients and may be an attractive alternative relative to the oral offerings as well. I don't think our fundamental belief set on that has changed yet. We'll have to see how the market evolves overall.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Yaron Werber with Citi.
Yaron Werber - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: So just a quick -- I'm going to kind of try to sneak them together. TYSABRI, just help us understand, if you can, what percentage of patients are sort of JCV-positive? I'm trying to get kind of an understanding how do we think about the switch rate, sort of, over time? And then second, again, and if you just can clarify, when you guys say, with respect to RDP, you're trying to help explain the status to all parties involved. I don't know if you can explain to us what that means.
Paul J. Clancy: Maybe I'll quickly take the first part of that question. I think the last time we talked about this, the best insight we have is obviously United States on TYSABRI. But we think that outside the United States, the numbers I'll kind of share is indicative as well. But if you think of, literally, like, 90 days ago, we had shared that we thought about 2/3 of the patients on TYSABRI were JCV-negative, and we actually think that's accelerating. So it's probably north of that now, and that's fine. That's actually quite good, right? This is a remarkable product for those type of patients, and we think it'll continue to chug along, never getting to 100%, the majority of the patients being on JCV negative.
George A. Scangos: Look, the second part of your question, Yaron, is -- I don't think we said we were trying to explain the status. I think we said we want to make our entitlement to regulatory data protection clear to all parties. And we are, as Paul said, we're in an active process, and it's a constructive process, and we're working to achieve that goal.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Terence Flynn with Goldman Sachs.
Terence C. Flynn - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: I was just looking at your guidance, and I know you said, Paul, you don't give specific product guidance, but I think you did make mention in the past that -- seeing AVONEX being relatively flat this year versus last year. I just was wondering if you can update us on that, given what you're seeing 1 quarter into TECFIDERA. And then, on RDP, I know you don't want to give any insight there. But anything you can comment with respect to how Sanofi's decision on Aubagio recently impacted how you're thinking about TECFIDERA?
Paul J. Clancy: Nothing different, Terry, thanks for the question. Nothing different, really, on the AVONEX kind of thinking. So it's plus or minus. I mean, as you know, plus or minus on what is close to a $3 billion number is a big deal, and I appreciate that and I understand that. But I think it's -- the trends on AVONEX are largely as we expected, and I think that what you're seeing in our guidance on the top line and in the bottom line is just kind of really pulling through what is fundamentally a stronger U.S. TECFIDERA launch than we had expected. So great news on that.
Douglas Edward Williams: George, on the RDP?
Claudine Prowse: Aubagio.
George A. Scangos: Yes. Look, Aubagio, I think, and TECFIDERA are different products, different situations, and one has very little bearing on the other.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Matthew Roden with UBS.
Matthew Roden - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Tony, I was hoping you could quantify how large do you think the pool of returning quitters is in the U.S. and Europe, and whether or not you think of it is as a bolus or a longer-term source of patient demand? And then, related -- not sure if you can give us this but actually, what percent discontinued on TECFIDERA in the quarter and whether or not that rate is changing as we get into 3Q?
Tony Kingsley: Thanks. So I think we've said in the past we think the quitter pool, the long-term sort of quitter pool is north of 100,000. I think I've always talked about that as an area of opportunity but been cautious because those patients go off for a complex set of reasons, and often aren't looking for therapy, and it's relatively difficult to activate them. We've said about 1/4 of the patients who started on TECFIDERA in the quarter were not on prior therapy. Our sense is, returning quitters are a piece of that, but it's relatively small. But we think, over time, there is some potential there but we remain cautious about that. We haven't given out the percentage discontinuations. I think I would just repeat what I said in the script, which is that it's very small to date.
Paul J. Clancy: Yes, and just I think, discontinuations, compliance rate, all important factors, Matt. As you know, for the balance of year and years beyond, it's just early days. I mean, literally, even for us looking at the data, nothing really to report but it literally is just early days on that. And we've got programs in place to try to optimize that, but it's early days, really, in terms of the revenue curve.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Geoff Meacham with JPMorgan.
Geoffrey C. Meacham - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: I got a question for you on the TECFIDERA switches from TYSABRI. So Tony, did you say that the majority of switches had been on TYSABRI for 2 or more years and JCV-positive? And then, a related question. You guys haven't talked a lot about oral pressure on o U.S. TYSABRI previously. Just wondering if there's a new pricing reimbursement dynamic, et cetera?
Tony Kingsley: Yes. So look, a significant portion of the patients that switched to -- off TYSABRI to TECFIDERA were JCV-positive. There's a mix in terms of the length of -- as was always the case, in terms of the length of treatment on TYSABRI -- suppression. But the point was there's 2 things. One, not surprisingly with a new alternative in the market, a number of patients switch relatively quickly, and we think that leveled out closer to market share over time. And second, there's a meaningful pool of this higher-risk group of patients that Doug talked about that are in there. In terms of oral pressure outside the United States, to be explicit, Gilenya is competing very hard in Europe against TYSABRI, and we have some work to do to continue to push TYSABRI's efficacy profile and risk stratification. That's really what the indication there is.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Robyn Karnauskas with Deutsche Bank.
Robyn Karnauskas - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: So you mentioned switching in line with the market of MS therapies on the TECFIDERA, but is switching coming evenly across the interferons, given that I think you mentioned that you're marketing toward doctors that may not prescribe as much AVONEX? And I thought I'd throw this one in, on Slide 18, you have a lot of pipeline products that read out in the second half of the year of next year, and looking into the next TECFIDERA, which one of those proof-of-concept trials do you think would have the greatest -- will provide the greatest insight into the product's success?
Tony Kingsley: Thanks. It's Tony. So look, plus/minus on the switching relative to market share, we track it week-by-week. It's early days. We believe that AVONEX should outperform on a relative basis among the interferons. It's just very early days in terms of numbers, and we're not surprised that it's roughly at market share. So I think it'll take a little while to develop some more noticeable trends on where the switches are and whether there is differentiation across the therapies, which we believe will happen, but it's early days.
Douglas Edward Williams: And this is Doug. I'll take the question about the pipeline readouts. I think that in terms of insights into which of these will go to Phase III, which I think is the nature of your question, I think certainly, the ISIS data early in 2014 is going to be very important in terms of creating, hopefully, some additional excitement around that program and a desire to move that forward into registrational studies. And it's a repeat dose data that will be available to us early next year that, hopefully, will confirm that there's efficacy of that product in that disease, and that would lead us right into a very accelerated Phase III program. I'd say all of the Phase IIs are likely to be important in the context of generating enthusiasm for the registrational studies. STX-100 will basically give us the dose to move into a Phase IIb proper proof-of-concept study. LINGO will see the optic neuritis data. I'd see that as proof of biology and not necessarily as the data that would really get us excited about the product, which will come from the relapsing-remitting study in 2015. And then, the anti-TWEAK data will come later. But all of those are really critical studies. They are large enough. They are designed with endpoints that we think are going to be meaningful in terms of deciding where we go with those programs. And hopefully, those will all move to Phase III.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Marko Kozul with Leerink Swann.
Marko K. Kozul - Leerink Swann LLC, Research Division: I also have a question and a half related to TECFIDERA. Can you give us your view on the current status and landscape for TECFIDERA reimbursement, and possibly, where you anticipate being towards the end of this year and beyond? The second part of the question is related to anecdotal comments we've received from the MS community suggesting some physicians that want to prescribe TECFIDERA are currently holding back from doing so until reimbursement is streamlined, and their patients are ensured continuity in the drug once they initiate treatment. So the second part of the question is really whether you have any color on the proportion of patients or physicians that are still on the sidelines until reimbursement and the landscape is mature.
Tony Kingsley: Good question. Maybe I'll take them in reverse order. So 3,500 physicians have written already. So you can take some comment about who's on the sidelines -- there was not that kind of -- depending on how deep you go in the deck, 6,000, 7,000, 8,000 are kind of a key where you get 80-20 in MS prescription in this market. So we're comfortable that the signal about a broad acceptance of the product profile, and we're also comfortable that there are a lot of physicians writing the product. Certainly, there are cases, I'm sure, where physicians have had frustration with getting patients started on therapy and payer dynamics. That's geographically different -- can be locally very different depending on the payer mix. Our patient services and manage market teams are working with offices in trying to work through those things on a case-by-case basis. We think we've cleared what were some of the early hurdles that were just, frankly, part a function of very, very high demand at the outset. So we know there's some frustration out there, we are engaging with the physician offices constantly. And we feel like we've largely worked through some of the early operational issues. In terms of reimbursement, we're comfortable where we are. Again, we anticipated that we would have payers placing restrictions. We anticipated and communicated that step at its prior outset [ph], et cetera. We're working through that. We, I think, anticipated that kind of 6- to 9-month process, typically, to work through with payers. In process, we feel like it's moving in the right direction, and we're comfortable with where we are.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Michael Yee with RBC Capital Markets.
Michael J. Yee - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Somewhat related, you had a QuickStart Program that was sort of helping out with that reimbursement process. Maybe you could help us with how many patients or what percent of what was going on in the quarter was from QuickStart and did they all switch onto commercial pain drug and how does that dynamic play into, say, Q3 and on ongoing quarters?
Tony Kingsley: Good question. So QuickStart is our program to help bridge patients when the reimbursement is being adjudicated. Less than 10% in QuickStart. The conversion rate, we are converting people out of QuickStart over time. There's different pace for the people who are in there, depending on how hard it is to work through the individual payer issues. But we think we're working through that backlog, and under 10% in QuickStart.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of John Newman with JMP Securities.
John L. Newman - JMP Securities LLC, Research Division: I wondered if I might ask about a comment that was made earlier regarding SG&A leverage going forward beyond this year. I'm just curious if we should take that to mean that your SG&A leverage is going to increase just based on the additional products or is there a way that you can increase SG&A leverage by reallocating the promotional effort within your MS franchise? And when would you start to consider that?
Paul J. Clancy: Yes. Great question, John. I think I was referring more to the former than the latter. So I -- obviously, it leverages both the numerator and the denominator. So we are hopeful that we're going to have some continued top line growth. But I think -- and you combine that with our expectations that over the last 18, 24 months, over the next kind of 6 months, we have been making big investments in SG&A to support prelaunch commercial efforts, very much the obvious. We didn't want to be penny wise and pound foolish with the TECFIDERA launch. That's proven, so far, to be a very good judgment. But a lot of that build will -- we've moved towards containing that build and in particular in the U.S., we'll have some of that build ahead of us in multiple sclerosis for E.U., assuming the process moves forward. And we have some of that build for hemophilia ahead of us. But then, we're kind of left with leveraging that. The question of, is there MS -- within MS leverage, within kind of how we manage that. Tony and I have talked openly about that on these calls, and I think we've purposefully left it a question that we'll continue to reconsider and think about over the more multiyear time period.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Tony Butler with Barclays Capital.
Charles Anthony Butler - Barclays Capital, Research Division: If I could stay with the same theme, Paul, again on SG&A leverage for '14. But in your guidance, which we appreciate, the SG&A numbers as a percent of revenue, as you know, actually stayed flat. So by definition, the absolute number increases. And can you provide any information about what those dollars will actually be earmarked towards? And within the same context if, in fact, there is share shifts in the ABCR category or away from injectable, certainly, in the U.S., Tony, I'd be interested in your thoughts as to whether there is that share shift away from, at least promotional spend, on the AVONEX front regardless of PLEGRIDY next year.
Paul J. Clancy: Okay. No, good question. I think, Tony, it's in the range, right? I mean, a little bit of a range. So I don't expect SG&A to be going up dollar-for-dollar with the amount that revenue is going up on the guidance numbers. So there's some modest variable spending in SG&A that comes associated with extra revenue. We're trying to make sure that any of the operational issues on TECFIDERA from a supply perspective, from a reimbursement perspective that we're well funding this. So that's really what it's intended to kind of imply.
Tony Kingsley: Tony, in terms of the share shift, good question. We're constantly looking at that. I think it's a little early in the evolution of the market to make a call on that. But we are obviously, constantly, think -- we continue to think we're happy with the success of TECFIDERA and where we think it's headed. We continue to think the injectables will be a meaningful portion of the market for some time to come. We want to outcompete in that area, and we'll get the appropriate level of resource against that, but it's something we're constantly looking at a balance across the franchise. And I'll remind you, we have a franchise with a goal in patients across the franchise. And as you think about SG&A leverage in the next couple of years, you have new competitors coming in, the market is getting more crowded, not less crowded. So there are going to be a lot of people to compete with. So we're very mindful of that as well.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Brian Abrahams with Wells Fargo Securities.
Brian Corey Abrahams - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: I was wondering if you could give us any more information on that patient who died of pneumonia after stopping TECFIDERA, details like lymphocyte counts before or during and after treatment, if any particular culprit has been found for their lung infection. Maybe just help talk us through attributes of that case that give you the confidence that it's not that related to the drug.
Douglas Edward Williams: Sure. This is Doug. I'll be happy to take that question. I think with respect to lymphocyte counts, we don't have the specific information on this patient at this moment. We're still investigating the case. But what I can say is that if you look back at the Phase III experience with the product that the kinetics of lymphocyte drop in patients that had it, tends to occur much later than what we've seen and in terms of -- this is a patient that was on drug for 5.5 weeks and then, came off for 2.5 weeks before they passed away. So I think there's a disconnect in the kinetics of any sort of lymphocyte issues here. But we don't have the lymphocyte counts on this particular patient. Again, I would point you back to the Phase III experience where there was no signal in terms of increased infection risk in patients who received TECFIDERA. So I think that our conclusion, based on the information we have available to us, is sort of twofold: number one, the cause of death was not GI complications as reported in the media; number two, it's pretty clear that this was bilateral pneumonia in this patient. But there's no suspected effect of TECFIDERA on increasing the risk of infection based on experience we have to date. So I think we feel pretty confident that this was an unfortunate set of circumstances in this individual patient that doesn't implicate TECFIDERA.
Operator: I'll now turn the conference back over to our presenters.
George A. Scangos: Okay. Thanks, everybody. Had a great quarter, appreciate all the questions. And we can all get back to work now. Thanks for your attention.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2013 Q1  (2013-04-25 14:30:00) =====
Executives: Claudine Prowse George A. Scangos - Chief Executive Officer and Director Tony Kingsley - Executive Vice President of Global Commercial Operations Douglas Edward Williams - Executive Vice President of Research and Development Paul J. Clancy - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President of Finance
Analysts: Geoffrey C. Porges - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division Mark J. Schoenebaum - ISI Group Inc., Research Division Ravi Mehrotra - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division Robyn Karnauskas - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Matthew Roden - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Eric Schmidt - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division Michael J. Yee - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division Geoffrey C. Meacham - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Thomas Wei - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division Matthew J. Andrews - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division Terence C. Flynn - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Marshall Urist - Morgan Stanley, Research Division John S. Sonnier - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division Joel D. Sendek - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division
Operator: Good morning. My name is Sean, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Biogen Idec Q1 2013 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. I'd now like to turn the call over to Ms. Claudine Prowse, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Claudine Prowse: Thank you, and welcome to Biogen Idec's First Quarter 2013 Earnings Conference Call. Before we begin, I encourage everyone to go to the investors section of biogenidec.com to find the press release and related financial tables, including a reconciliation of the non-GAAP financial measures that we'll discuss today. Our GAAP financials are provided in Tables 1 and 2. Table 3 includes a reconciliation of our GAAP to non-GAAP results which we believe better represents the ongoing economics of our business and reflects how we manage the business internally. We have also posted slides on our website that follow the discussions related to this call. I would like to point out that we will be making forward-looking statements which are based on our current expectations. These statements are subject to certain risks and uncertainties, and actual results may differ materially from our expectations. I encourage everyone to consult our SEC filings for additional detail. On today's call, I'm joined by our Chief Executive Officer, Dr. George Scangos; Tony Kingsley, EVP of Global Commercial Operations; Dr. Doug Williams, EVP of Research and Development; and our EVP of Finance and CFO, Paul Clancy. I'll now turn the call over to George.
George A. Scangos: Okay, thanks, Claudine. And thanks to all of you for joining us today. Before I start, I do want to make a few comments on the case reports that appeared in the New England Journal of Medicine today. Frankly, it's hard for me to understand why these old reports were deemed worthy of publication at all. And certainly the timing, coming shortly after approval, is interesting. These are old news, right? The cases described in the New England Journal are 2 of the 4 cases of PML that have occurred in over 19 years and over 180,000 patient years of exposure to FUMADERM. All 4 cases were discussed at the JPMorgan conference in January, and all 4 cases were seen by the FDA, European regulatory authorities and all regulatory authorities months in advance of approval. And I think the TECFIDERA label speaks for itself. So just to reiterate, there have been no cases of PML or other opportunistic infections with TECFIDERA. The clinical program has involved over 2,600 patients treated for up to 4 years and with a median time of approximately 2 years. So there's been substantial patient exposure with TECFIDERA. The New England Journal of Medicine cases occurred with different drugs; but even if one does assume their optimum rates are the same, which I do not believe to be true, then the rate is extraordinarily low: 4 cases out of 180,000 patient years. Now we've gone through these cases before, we've described the characteristics of these patients before, I'm not going to reiterate all of that stuff now. And fortunately, I believe that the no -- misinformation being spread is transient and will fade. And in a perverse way, it's somewhat complimentary. Importantly, I can assure you that we're well prepared to make sure that physicians and patients have a balanced picture of TECFIDERA. So with that, we'll move on to the prepared remarks. Okay, it's been a remarkable quarter for Biogen Idec, our shareholders, for patients, as a result of several major accomplishments over the quarter. First, our core business performed very well. Tony and Paul will go into more detail, but the bottom line is that revenues were up 10% to $1.4 billion and non-GAAP earnings were up 41% to $1.97 per share compared to the first quarter of 2012. Both AVONEX and TYSABRI had strong growth, driven by AVONEX's life cycle improvement and TYSABRI's powerful efficacy. AVONEX continued to gain market share within the ABCRE class, and global units grew by 4%. So the core business is off to a great start. Of course, a key event during the quarter was the approval and launch of TECFIDERA in the U.S. as a first-line treatment for relapsing forms of multiple sclerosis. This is a watershed event for our company and for MS patients. We're moving full speed ahead with a great label that allows our commercial team to discuss TECFIDERA in a balanced and broad way to describe the benefits of TECFIDERA, not only on relapse rate, but also on disability progression and MRI end points, both of which are becoming increasingly important for patients living with this debilitating chronic disease. Also during the quarter, we were able to substantially improve the intellectual property protection for TECFIDERA. The U.S. patent for the 480 milligrams per-day dose that the FDA approved has been issued. The patent provides protection for the 480-milligram dose, which is the only approved dose, until 2028. The European Patent Office also determined that claims to the 480 milligrams per-day dose are allowable. And we expect the European patent to issue sometime in the next few months. The patent also will not expire until 2028. We believe our patent protection for the approved dosing regimen, coupled with existing patents, will provide a solid intellectual property portfolio to support our commercialization of TECFIDERA for many years to come. Our recent transaction with Elan in which we gained full control of TYSABRI cleared regulatory hurdles and closed shortly after the quarter on April 2. This transaction provides us with full ownership rights and control of TYSABRI and eliminates the change of control provisions that were in the original contract. The operational simplicity should allow us to be more nimble and focused, which we believe will not only help TYSABRI but the overall business in the longer term. As Paul will outline, it is a deal that will give us an increased share of TYSABRI economics going forward. The transaction is immediately and, we believe, sustainably accretive as we move into the future. It's another landmark accomplishment for Biogen Idec and our shareholders. We also continued to advance our late-stage programs through the registration process, and preparations have begun for 3 more anticipated approvals and launches over the next 18 months. Our 2 product candidates for hemophilia, long-lasting factor VIII Fc and factor IX Fc, are hopefully our next products to reach the market. These products represent the first major treatment advances in hemophilia since recombinant clotting factors were introduced 2 decades ago. If approved, we believe these products will provide meaningful benefit by addressing a compelling need that these patients have, which is to require fewer injections. Hemophilia is roughly a $6 billion market worldwide. There are entrenched competitors in this market and patients tend to stick with their current therapies, but we believe that, for the first time in a long time, we'll be able to offer patients products that actually give them compelling reasons to change. We have a team with deep experience and relationships in the hemophilia community, and we believe that we have the potential to create a significant hemophilia franchise over time. Our PEGylated interferon for MS, PLEGRIDY, finished the first year of the ADVANCE Phase III trial successfully. We plan to file for regulatory approval by midyear for an approval decision next year. We hope to be able to offer patients a therapy that's administered once every 2 weeks subcutaneously, with efficacy that appears to be at least comparable to other products in the injectable class. We believe that, with this profile, patients and physicians will view PLEGRIDY as a preferred frontline option. And behind those is a pipeline of compounds on track to reach development milestones in the next few years, including the SMNrx compound for SMA, anti-LINGO for remyelination MS, anti-TWEAK for treatment of lupus nephritis and STX-100 for the treatment of IPF. We believe that each of them has the potential to be a major improvement in therapy for their target patient population. So in summary, this has been a very productive quarter and year-to-date for Biogen Idec. So I'll now hand the call over to Tony to discuss in more detail the commercial results.
Tony Kingsley: Thank you, George. We were pleased with the continued execution of our commercial strategy in Q1. We remained focused on growing our leadership in the MS market, with a goal of maximizing our total patient share across our therapies. The launch in the U.S. of TECFIDERA represents, obviously, a very exciting addition to our MS franchise. During the quarter, we experienced continued strength across our products, with AVONEX and TYSABRI showing -- both showing solid revenue growth. AVONEX unit and revenue growth were strong as this important product remains a leading first-line therapy for MS patients. First quarter global AVONEX revenues increased 13% versus prior year, and we continue to see competitive share gains for AVONEX within the ABCRE segment across multiple markets. The AVONEX performance continues to be driven by strong commercial execution; maintaining strong share of voice in this highly competitive and promotionally sensitive segment of the market; as well as the benefits of the AVONEX PEN which offers improved patient convenience, which we believe is an increasingly important differentiator within the injectable segment. TYSABRI first quarter global revenues increased 9% versus the prior year. In an increasingly crowded MS market with more options available to patients, we believe TYSABRI's powerful efficacy profile continues to resonate with neurologists. We are continuing to educate the market about TYSABRI risk stratification and believe this is supporting earlier use of TYSABRI in appropriate patients who need high efficacy. The majority of patients starting TYSABRI are JCV antibody negative, and we expect favorable longer-term retention rates for these patients. Moving on to TECFIDERA. We're still in the initial days of the U.S. launch and it's premature for us at this point to comment on specific launch metrics. However, we have been encouraged by the early signs of physician and patient interest in this product. For TECFIDERA, we are focused on 2 immediate objectives: first, to create broad promotion and education to physicians; and second, to facilitate access to patients starting on TECFIDERA. Our prelaunch planning was comprehensive, and I'm very pleased with the speed and quality of execution by the U.S. commercial organization over the last several weeks. Regarding our promotional efforts, while data indicates U.S. physician awareness of TECFIDERA is high and perceptions of the product are strong, we believe a successful launch will require broad and repeated promotional and educational efforts. And we believe we are well prepared to accomplish this in the coming weeks and months. Our sales force is fully trained with approved promotional materials and call plans, with broad reach to target neurologists. We have also completed training of physician speakers and have a robust schedule of educational programs. Concerning our efforts to facilitate access for patients starting on TECFIDERA, we are executing to plan. Within days of approval, the product was shipped to our specialty pharmacy partners and was ready for patient starts. Our Advantage [ph] Care teams are beginning to engage with payers to secure formulary access and reimbursement, a process that we expect will take 6 to 12 months, as is typical for products of this type. Prior to inclusion on payer formularies, we believe that many payers will, again as is typical for products of this type, require prior approvals and step edits, to place some additional burden on physician offices and patients. These hurdles can cause the start of therapy to be delayed in some patients by 1 to 2 months. At steady state, we think it will take weeks for patients to get on-drug. We believe our internal patient services group, working in conjunction with pharmacy partners, is well resourced to provide assistance to physician offices to get patients started on therapy. For patients, we have comprehensive financial assistance programs in place, including co-pay assistance and a free drug program for those who are uninsured. We continue to prepare for broad commercialization of TECFIDERA outside the U.S. Our plan assumes that the initial European launch will occur in Germany after the anticipated European Commission approval. Additional European country launches are expected to occur throughout 2014, as other EU countries generally require approximately 6 to 12 months to go through the reimbursement process. In these x U.S. launch countries, we already have key marketing and market access resources in place, and we plan to add field resources in anticipation of each country's launch. We continue to be very excited about the long-term potential for TECFIDERA. We believe this product will be appealing to a broad segment of patients and physicians and that, in the future, TECFIDERA will become the leading oral in the MS market. We also recognize that we are competing against an increasing number of therapy options and that MS is a conservative market where many patients will persist on their therapies for extended periods. Patients typically see a neurologist every 6 to 12 months, with treatment decisions primarily driven by patients who relapse, at a rate of 10% to 15% a year. Given these factors, success for TECFIDERA will require sustained execution. We believe that we are well resourced and well prepared to do just that. I'm very pleased with the execution by our commercial team bringing this important innovation to patients who need it. With that, I will hand the call over to Doug.
Douglas Edward Williams: Thanks, Tony, and good morning, everyone. The first quarter has been busy, with progress on the clinical and regulatory front and further progress building out our research capabilities. Starting with important advances on the regulatory front. We received notification of a positive opinion from CHMP for approval of TECFIDERA, and both FDA and Health Canada approved TECFIDERA with first-line indications for broad spectrum of patients with relapsing forms of MS. As expected, the U.S. TECFIDERA label reflected the strong efficacy, favorable safety profile and limited monitoring requirements for a broad population of patients with relapsing forms of MS. Beyond the initial CBC, which should be taken within 6 months prior to starting therapy, and blood tests annually or as clinically indicated, there's no additional required monitoring for patients. Our warnings and precautions section have 2 items of note: lymphopenia, which can be monitored through a simple blood test, this testing should fit into the typical cycle of MS patient management; and flushing, which is usually mild to moderate and, we believe, usually improves or resolves over time. Taking it with food may help mitigate flushing as well. Switching gears to our hemophilia franchise. The BLA submission for our long-lasting factor IX has been accepted by the FDA with a standard review timeline. We also submitted our regulatory package for our long-lasting factor VIII to the FDA and for factor IX to Health Canada. We're working on our factor IX submission to the Therapeutic Goods Administration of Australia and factor VIII to Health Canada. During the quarter, important data on our diverse neurological portfolio were presented at the American Academy of Neurology Annual Meeting with 50 company-sponsored platform and poster presentations. We also presented for the first time the detailed results of our pivotal trials for long-lasting factors VIII and IX at the European Association for Haemophilia and Allied Disorders conference, also referred to as EAHAD. One important presentation I want to highlight from AAN was data from the pivotal Phase III study of PLEGRIDY or peginterferon beta-1a. PLEGRIDY met all primary and secondary endpoints after the 1-year cutoff of the 2-year study. PLEGRIDY significantly reduced MS disease activity, including relapses, disability progression and brain lesions compared to placebo at 1 year. We believe that the safety and tolerability will be viewed favorably. The overall incidence of adverse events were similar among the PLEGRIDY and placebo groups, with the most commonly reported AEs being redness at the injection site and influenza-like symptoms. We plan to file for regulatory approval with the FDA and European Commission by midyear for an approval decision next year. At the EAHAD meeting, we reviewed the pivotal study data from our factor VIII and IX programs, showing that these clotting factors had extended half lives. Neither molecule showed any evidence of inhibitor form development. The data from both of our studies suggest the potential to transform the treatment of both hemophilia A and B by enabling patients to maintain protection from bleeding episodes with the benefits from less frequent injections. Turning now to our early-stage pipeline. Data with our anti-beta-amyloid antibody, BIIB037, from our Phase I single ascending dose study was presented at the 11th annual conference on Alzheimer's and Parkinson's disease and suggests that we could safely administer intravenous doses as high as 30 mgs per kg without evidence of vasogenic edema, a dose-limiting toxicity observed with other anti-beta-amyloid antibodies in development. The preclinical data comparing the binding and biological properties of BIIB037 with other beta-amyloid antibodies show that our antibody may have a unique phenotype, recognizing primarily the insoluble fibrillar form of beta-amyloid with little binding to vascular-associated forms of beta-amyloid. In transgenic animal models, BIIB037 showed potent and dose-dependent removal of plaques. We're currently conducting a multiple ascending dose study in patients with prodromal and mild Alzheimer's disease to assess the degree of plaque removal by imaging. I'm also pleased to report that we've made a key hire in our efforts to reinvigorate our discovery in cell biology programs. Dr. Spyros Artavanis-Tsakonas, who's been taking a sabbatical from the Department of Cell Biology at Harvard and acting as our CSO, will be joining us permanently. Spyros's scientific reputation, his role in the start-up of several biotech companies, as well as his deep network of academic colleagues will be an important addition to our efforts to create a world-class discovery capability. This is a great addition to an already solid R&D team. Spyros will be working closely with Al Sandrock and the rest of the R&D team to advance our pipeline. As we move forward, I look forward to providing you key top line data readouts from our pivotal and early-stage program trials. With that, I'll now pass the call to Paul Clancy, our Chief Financial Officer.
Paul J. Clancy: Thanks, Doug. Our GAAP diluted earnings per share were $1.79 in the first quarter. The differences between our GAAP and non-GAAP results are outlined in the earnings presentation. They include $49 million related to the amortization of acquired intangibles, $2 million in fair value adjustments for contingent consideration and $4 million related to stock compensation expense. This was partially offset by the tax impact on these items. Our non-GAAP diluted earnings per share in the first quarter were $1.97. Included in these results was the benefit of an unusually low effective tax rate this quarter. This was driven by a few discrete items which added approximately $0.17 to our EPS. I'll talk in more detail about this shortly. Let me now walk down the P&L. Total revenue for the first quarter grew 10% to $1.4 billion. Q1 AVONEX worldwide revenue was strong, growing 13% to $746 million. Q1 global unit AVONEX volume increased 4% versus prior year. In the U.S., AVONEX revenue grew 23% in Q1 to $491 million, U.S. unit volume increasing 8% versus prior year. As we shared last year, units in the first quarter of 2012 were unfavorably impacted by channel dynamics. This allowed for a favorable comparison this year. U.S. inventory for AVONEX in the U.S. ended at just over 2 weeks this quarter, a modest build. Internationally, Q1 AVONEX revenue was $255 million, a decrease of 2% compared to the first quarter of 2012. International AVONEX revenue was unfavorably impacted by the timing of shipments to Brazil, a tender market where we recorded no sales this quarter. Foreign exchange and hedging impact also weakened AVONEX revenue by approximately $5 million versus 2012. TYSABRI worldwide in-market sales were $456 million in the first quarter, up 15%. We recorded TYSABRI product revenue of $312 million in Q1. In the U.S., first quarter TYSABRI product revenue was $113 million. The first quarter benefited by approximately $11 million due to an increase in inventory levels at our distributor related to the asset purchase. Q1 international TYSABRI product revenue was $199 million. TYSABRI product revenue was negatively impacted by approximately $14 million of deferred revenue in our Italian affiliate. Similar to AVONEX, TYSABRI did not have tender sales in Brazil, impacting revenue by approximately $4 million this quarter. The impact of foreign exchange and hedging for Q1 softened revenue by approximately $2 million for TYSABRI versus the prior year. FAMPYRA revenue was $23 million. And in this past quarter, the final price was established in Germany, and we recorded a favorable adjustment of approximately $8 million. U.S. RITUXAN sales were $865 million in the first quarter, an increase of 9%. RITUXAN sales benefited from a Q1 inventory buildup, in addition to continued uptake in the first-line maintenance lymphoma setting. In the quarter, Genentech received an arbitration ruling in its dispute with Hoechst. This resulted in a reduction of approximately $42 million, of which $4 million impacted our U.S. profit share and $38 million impacted rest-of-world royalties. As a result, our U.S. profit share and expense reimbursement was $282 million for the first quarter and royalties and profit-sharing sales of RITUXIMAB outside the U.S. were a loss of $17 million. The result was $265 million of revenue from unconsolidated joint business in the first quarter. Royalties were $33 million for the first quarter. And we also recorded $22 million of corporate partner revenue, including $13 million from our ZEVALIN supply agreement. Now turning to the expense lines in the non-GAAP P&L. Q1 cost of goods sold were $134 million or 9% of revenues. Q1 R&D expense was $283 million or 20% of revenue. The lower-than-typical run rate was primarily driven by the discontinuation of the dexpramipexole program and no business development activity during the quarter. Q1 SG&A expense was $351 million or 25% of revenues, an increase of 17% over last year. This was driven by costs associated with promotional planning and sales force development for TECFIDERA. Continuing down the P&L. Our collaboration profit sharing line totaled $85 million expense for the quarter. Other income and expense was a loss of $14 million in Q1. Our Q1 non-GAAP tax rate was 14%. This unusually low tax rate was driven by 3 factors. First, we received updated technical guidance from the IRS concerning our U.S. federal manufacturing deduction. This was related to our unconsolidated joint business for the years 2005 through 2012. Based on this guidance, we reevaluated our tax position and recorded a net benefit of $33 million related to these prior years. Second, we experienced favorability due to the 2012 reinstatement of the federal R&D tax credit. And finally, we benefited from participating in the Massachusetts 2012 Life Sciences Tax Incentive Program. These discrete items contributed approximately $0.17 to our non-GAAP diluted EPS. In the first quarter, our weighted average diluted shares were 238 million. We ended the quarter with $3.6 billion in cash and marketable securities, of which we deployed $3.25 billion to fund our asset purchase of Elan's interest in TYSABRI early in the second quarter. This brings us to our non-GAAP diluted earnings per share, which were $1.97 in the first quarter. Now let me turn to our full year 2013 guidance. We're updating our guidance to reflect the completion of the TYSABRI asset purchase, which closed on April 2, and updates to our core business. I'll walk you through the various components and, where applicable, break out the impact from changes to our core business versus changes to the TYSABRI economics. We expect total revenue growth of approximately 16% to 18% versus prior guidance of 10%. Our revenue assumptions on our core business remain essentially unchanged. Included in this guidance is an additional $425 million to $475 million from the TYSABRI asset purchase. Moving to the expense lines on the P&L. We anticipate cost of goods sold to be between 13% and 15% of sales. This increase relates to the TYSABRI contingent payments owed to Elan, which will be recorded in cost of goods sold. We'll also now book 100% of the third-party TYSABRI royalties through COGS. Also note we'll no longer be using the collaboration profit sharing line item on the P&L. R&D expense is expected to be between 22% and 23% of sales. Our balance-of-year R&D forecast now includes up to $75 million earmarked for potential new early-stage business development opportunities. We continue to be focused on building our pipeline, with an emphasis of adding high-quality Phase I and Phase II assets. SG&A is expected to be approximately 24% to 26% of total revenue. We continue to see 2013 as an investment year as we build out the commercial efforts for TECFIDERA, including countries outside the U.S., and prelaunch efforts for hemophilia in the U.S. We continue to expect SG&A leverage post 2013. Our effective tax rate in 2013 is expected to be between 22% and 23% of pretax income. For the balance of year, our effective tax rate is expected to be between 24% and 25%. As a result, we anticipate non-GAAP earnings per share results between $7.80 and $7.90 and GAAP EPS to be between $6.69 and $6.79. We anticipate ending 2013 with a cash balance greater than $1 billion, of which the majority will be located inside the U.S. So the primary updates to our 2013 guidance are driven by 3 factors: the asset purchase of TYSABRI, the discrete tax benefit and solid performance of our core business experienced in the first quarter and the $75 million earmarked for potential new business development activity, as the strong results this quarter has allowed for reinvestment in the business. We're excited about the remainder of 2013 in setting the foundation for what we hope to be strong earnings growth over the next number of years. I'll turn the call over to George for his closing comments.
George A. Scangos: Okay. Thanks, Paul. So in summary, our core business is doing remarkably well. The TECFIDERA launch is well underway in the U.S. And now with 3 approved MS products in the U.S., TECFIDERA, TYSABRI and AVONEX, we believe we have the portfolio that makes us the global leader in the treatment of MS. What's important to us is to drive leadership across the entire franchise. We believe that, with the leading injectable, the leading high efficacy therapy and potentially the leading oral drug, we're well positioned to do just that. So I believe that, with the accomplishments that we've made since the beginning of the year, we're on a very promising trajectory for the remainder of this year and for years to come. We have 3 more potential new products coming forward in the next 18 months: PLEGRIDY and our long-lasting factors VIII and IX. We're focused and working hard to ensure that we complete the registration processes in a timely fashion and successfully launch each of these late-stage products. We're making progress with our mid-stage pipeline as well and also the important work of keeping the sustainability of the pipeline going. We expect data readouts for daclizumab in 2014, TYSABRI and SPMS in 2015 and potentially SMNrx in 2016. During that time frame, we expect to have meaningful data readouts from our Phase II compounds and proof-of-concept data from several other compounds as well. So we believe that we're on track to continue to bring important new medicines to patients in areas of high unmet need and further ensure that we have major value drivers going forward. So before I end the call, I'd like to note the enthusiasm and the passion that runs throughout our organization in terms of the work we're doing for patients. Biogen Idec has been around for a long time. We're the oldest independent biotech company in the world. We've had a great run off the strength of our science, our development group is world-class and we believe that we have a great commercial outlook ahead. And now for our patients around the world and our shareholders, we need to continue to deliver, and we're committed to do just that. We're working hard to enhance our internal R&D and pipeline, and we also expect to make some additional investments through our BD group this year to further enhance the pipeline and provide additional value down the road. So I'd like to thank all of our employees whose hard work, dedication, makes these accomplishments possible. And at this time, we'll open up the call for Q&A.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Geoffrey Porges from Bernstein.
Geoffrey C. Porges - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: Probably, the best question would just be to start off with a little more color on TECFIDERA. I know you don't have any sort of firm metrics, but could you give us a sense of whether the patients that are starting are coming new to treatment or whether they're prior treatment failures, whether they're switches or have been off treatment previously. And then perhaps a little color on what their best alternative treatment was: Are they patients that might otherwise have been considered for TYSABRI? Or are they straight out of the ABCR pool?
Tony Kingsley: Thanks, Geoff. It's Tony. So look, early days, the short answer is we're seeing patients come from all those different categories. It's probably a little early to comment on any pattern that's developing on that front, but as we said, we're encouraged with the early signs.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mark Schoenebaum from ISI Group.
Mark J. Schoenebaum - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: My question is -- now that TECFIDERA launched, I wanted to drill down a little bit on the issue of NAS in Europe, if I might. I think you guys have said in the past that you think that TECFIDERA is entitled to a full regulatory data protection independently of whether TECFIDERA would qualify as an NAS, based on the fact that TECFIDERA hasn't been previously approved as a single component medicinal product. So I'm wondering if you could explain to us what that alternative path to regulatory data protection is. I understand, you have a patent allowance there, but I'd really appreciate some clarification on that, if that's possible.
George A. Scangos: Sure, Geoff. Or first, thanks for your -- I'm sorry. Thanks, Mark. On the regulatory front in Europe, we continue to believe that we're entitled to the 8-plus-2 years of data exclusivity. Obviously, we've been in -- we're in the middle now of discussions with the European regulatory authorities. I don't want to go into all the details of that on the call. I think it's just general good practice not to discuss the details of our interactions with regulatory authorities. But we continue to believe that we are entitled to that data protection.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ravi Mehrotra from Crdit Suisse.
Ravi Mehrotra - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Questions related to TECFIDERA. Firstly, in CONFIRM and DEFINE, can you remind us whether you did lymphocyte subset analysis to understand which subsets were affected and which were relatively spared? And specifically, do you know whether peripheral effector memory T-cells were spared? And for Tony, I'd love to get your view on the potential warehousing that may or may not have occurred within the MS market ahead of TECFIDERA.
Douglas Edward Williams: Yes, Ravi, this is Doug. Thanks for the question. And with respect to the nuances of different T-cell subsets, we didn't explore that in the study. We looked strictly at lymphocyte counts, white cell counts, as sort of a monitoring measure. We looked at that pretty intensively, as you know. And that data has been presented at several different forums and published in the New England Journal. I think the most important take-home message from those studies is that we did see a drop in lymphocyte and white cell counts that sort of trended downward during the first 3 to 6 months on treatment and then plateaued and stabilized for the remainder of time that patients were on study drug. There was a low percentage of patients that met our criteria for lymphopenia, which was any single count that was below 500. That was, about half of the 6% of the patients that met the criteria of lymphopenia only had a single count that was below 500. So all of the patients continued on study drug throughout the course of the study. We didn't stop anyone. And as you know, there were no opportunistic infections and there was no increase in infection risk in the patients that were treated with study drug. So that's basically the bottom line with respect to lymphopenia.
Tony Kingsley: Thanks, Ravi, for the question. So I've been publicly skeptical of the term "warehouse," as you know, so I appreciate your asking that. But look, that's in the spirit of how do you actually define that term in the context of the rhythm of this market. And having said that, we've always believed that there would be some pent-up demand and early interest in this, and that's a function of a great label and a good product profile. So as we've said, the early indicators are encouraging. We'll see how that plays out in the coming weeks and months. This is a marathon, not a sprint. We're focused on getting out and promoting and getting off to a strong start, but it's really about building a sustainable trajectory.
Ravi Mehrotra - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Understood. George, do you think the guest has left the party yet?
George A. Scangos: Apparently not.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Robyn Karnauskas from Deutsche Bank.
Robyn Karnauskas - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: So quickly, maybe you can give us an update on when do you think the Italian TYSABRI dispute might be resolved. And just clarify: I know -- I think, last quarter, you said it was included in your guidance. Can you clarify whether or not a lack of Italian -- the lack of the dispute resolution is included in your guidance? And then second, regarding similar dynamics in Europe, you mentioned there was an impact from Brazil. How are x U.S. units of AVONEX doing if you exclude the Brazil impact?
Paul J. Clancy: Yes, Robyn, this is Paul. Let me take the first part of your question with respect to AIFA and the Italian revenue deferral. It's frustrating for us as well. We are hopeful that it gets resolved this year. It is included in our guidance. If it doesn't get resolved, we'll work hard to try to offset that, but it's included in our guidance. What specifically is included in our guidance is that we get back to booking something in terms of a full price, and what's not included in our guidance is any of the deferred revenue accruing back into the P&L this year. And I think that's kind of a "middle of the road" assessment of the various outcomes. And I just would also note that there'll be accounting judgments and accounting treatments that are applicable depending on, hopefully, when this gets resolved and negotiated through. With respect to the second part of your question, excluding Brazil, kind of if it was adjusted for Brazil, units were up, I believe, in roughly the low-single-digit range on an AVONEX year-over-year rest of world basis. We were comparing to a very strong Q1 2012 for AVONEX last year. There's always -- even outside of some of these tender markets, there's always some lumpiness in distributor markets in other geographic regions, and tender markets as well. Thanks for the question.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Matt Roden from UBS.
Matthew Roden - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: George, appreciate your comments on the PML situation upfront. Really like the feistiness. On TECFIDERA, back in January, you guys -- obviously, there's a lot of enthusiasm around the launch of this product, but it seemed that you guys had tempered your enthusiasm a little bit because one of the unknowns was how well patients were going to stick to therapy in the first month. So I'm just wondering if there's any anecdotes or data points or metrics that you can share on the early launch here with respect to persistency or compliance to therapy that sort of shifts your prior conservatism one way or another?
George A. Scangos: Yes. This is George. Look, I don't think we've tempered our enthusiasm. I mean, I think we have had a fairly consistent view of TECFIDERA now for quite a period of time. We believe that it will be the oral drug. We were and are being realistic about the uptake rate. It's been 3.5 weeks since it's been introduced onto the market, so I think it's a little early to comment on persistence, right? And so -- but we remain very enthusiastic, and there's no reason not to be, about the prospects for the drug. We have a great label. We have a great product profile. And our sales force is trained and ready to go, and we're about to start ushering the guests out at the door.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Eric Schmidt from Cowen and Company.
Eric Schmidt - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: Another TECFIDERA question for either Tony and/or Paul. We've noticed that there's a lot of buzz in the patient community about the QuickStart Program and the $10 co-pay assistance plan. Could you talk about how each of these things are working? And maybe Paul could discuss the impact on revenue recognition and gross-to-net pricing, that sort of thing.
Tony Kingsley: Yes, thanks, Eric. It's Tony. So we have a co-pay assistance and other financial assistance programs which are, I think, very good but typical for the industry. Patients who have -- at certain income levels can get assistance with co-pay. We obviously also have a free drug program, et cetera. We also have a program with our specialty pharmacies that will allow patients to get started on therapy during the process of insurance adjudication, which, it may take a number of weeks.
Paul J. Clancy: Yes, and then just to add, Eric, it will present a little bit of noise early in the launch in terms of the gross-to-net. Obviously, patients that get on-drug quickly, those that are judiciously pointed over to the early start program, won't be paying patients, or won't be paying product. So that will affect it. We do see in the U.S. the gross-to-net to be a little bit more favorable than our MS therapies. There's a lot of dimensions to the gross-to-net, but one of the dimensions within gross-to-net is obviously the government discounts, which has been a function of CPI over the years for a portion of those. So at a more steady state in the U.S., we should see kind of a favorable gross-to-net. And then a similar but different -- not a QuickStart, a similar dynamic could happen in some of the international markets as well.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Michael Yee from RBC Capital Markets.
Michael J. Yee - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: I think that all -- a lot of people are looking at third-party data tracking for TECFIDERA. And obviously, I know there's a limited amount of data out there. But is there anything you can comment about whether or not we should even be looking at this data; whether it should track similarly in terms of accuracy or capture rates with regards to AVONEX, which I think we can all agree is fairly consistent and accurate. Are they through the same distribution channels? Is there anything different about that with AVONEX? And anything you can comment about third-party data?
Tony Kingsley: Yes. So again, early days to comment on the details of IMS or other. We are not blocking IMS. I don't know what the capture rate is in IMS at this point. That's something that we'll obviously sort out over time or a couple of weeks in. Look, we think, over time, IMS should become a reasonable proxy for reality, as it is with AVONEX. On a weekly basis, they can be a little bit lumpy from time to time, but on a monthly basis, we think, with a mature product like AVONEX, it's a reasonable proxy. We think, at some point, that's likely to be the case with TECFIDERA.
Michael J. Yee - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Is it all through the same distribution channels, generally?
Tony Kingsley: Similar. This is -- our distribution channel is, again as is typical for these products, largely specialty pharmacy, broad based. There'll be some differences from AVONEX. But similar, yes.
Paul J. Clancy: I'd just reiterate Tony's point that our -- we don't know, right, the answer to that one as it relates to your specific question for TECFIDERA. Our experience, as it relates to AVONEX, is a given week, there's a signal versus noise issue, but when you look at trended data, it's actually not too bad to look at. And I think that's our view of the competitive therapies as well.
Operator: Your next question comes from Geoff Meacham from JPMorgan.
Geoffrey C. Meacham - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: I've got a couple on TECFIDERA. So I know it's early, but are CBC counts being monitored more closely versus, say, TYSABRI or AVONEX or any other oral? In terms of the baseline, is there sort of a threshold that physicians are settling in at for TECFIDERA? Or is this not even part of the conversation? And I have one follow-up on reimbursement.
Douglas Edward Williams: Yes, I mean, I mentioned the monitoring requirements in my statements, which are pretty minimal. It's a CBC within 6 months of a starting dose of TECFIDERA and then yearly thereafter or at the discretion of the physician. So it's a fairly -- I guess I'd characterize it a fairly light set of monitoring requirements based on the label that we have. And I think that that's certainly supported by the data that we've presented to regulators. We worked very closely with them to define what the appropriate monitoring frequency should be, particularly with respect to lymphocyte counts, as we've discussed. And I think we feel comfortable with where that's come out. And it's fairly straightforward and it fits right into the rhythm of patients coming back to see their treating physicians on sort of an annual basis.
Operator: Your next question comes from Thomas Wei from Jefferies.
Thomas Wei - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Just a couple of questions, one on TECFIDERA and the other one on the guidance. So I'm just trying to understand the TECFIDERA prescriptions for the first full week, in the IMS data. I guess I'm surprised that the average prescription size is 30 days even though patients should be starting with the 7-day prescription at 120 milligrams twice a day. So how should we interpret that? Is that because people are getting that dose as part of the free program and it's not being captured as a script? Or are doctors actually writing 7 days at 120 milligrams and then 21 days at 240 milligrams? Or sometimes, what we've seen actually is that there are patients who are actually on a clinical trial and in long-term extension who then transition off the trial and start getting drug right away, which would obviously mean a very different interpretation of these early script data. And then the guidance question is just on Slide 28. You referred to an $0.18 impact from the core business, but when you look at the changes on a line-by-line basis, on the slide before, it doesn't seem like any of those are related to the core business. So I just wanted to understand where that $0.18 positive impact was coming from related to the core business.
Paul J. Clancy: Thomas, I'll take the second part of the question, and Tony will take the first part. Just the reconciliation on the guidance, the guidance is driven by the asset purchase, the earmarked business development reinvestment and then the kind of upsides in tax and then the core business. Most of that, our assessment of the core business upside, is in Q1. So we just had solid performance kind of a little bit of everything around the clock on the little things on the P&L. AVONEX sales were very strong, we kind of had some benefit of the FAMPYRA deferred revenue, et cetera, as I had outlined in my conversation.
Tony Kingsley: Thomas, we believe that the product is being prescribed per the label, with  those physicians are writing for the titrated dose, which is recommended. Frankly, I don't understand the inner workings of how IMS may be capturing that as 30 versus 14 day. I can't comment on that.
Operator: Your next question comes from Brian Abrahams from Wells Fargo.
Matthew J. Andrews - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: This is Matthew Andrews calling in for Brian. One more on TECFIDERA. Can you give us your thoughts relative to the FDA's post-marketing requirements, in particular this abuse potential study that you have to conduct? What's the rationale? What's the agency looking for? And that's it.
Douglas Edward Williams: I wouldn't read too -- this is Doug. I wouldn't read too much into that beyond the fact that it has become somewhat standard practice to run studies like that with newly approved medicines. So I think, if you look at our post-approval commitments, they are what I would characterize as very standard. And that particular study you called out has become a very standard part of the post-marketing commitments for any new drug that's approved.
Operator: Your next question comes from Terence Flynn from Goldman Sachs.
Terence C. Flynn - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Just wondering, first -- and apologies, I hopped on a little bit late. But in terms of the new guidance. So if I look at what the delta is on an absolute revenue basis from your old guidance to your new -- the midpoint of your new guidance, it's about $380 million. But yet in the slides, you were calling out, specifically on TYSABRI, $425 million to $475 million incremental revenues. So just wondering what the delta is there between those 2 pieces. And then was wondering, longer term, if you can provide us on any update in your -- on your thoughts on capital allocation here post the approval of TECFIDERA.
Paul J. Clancy: Terry, I don't think there's anything magical to the delta. The revenue guidance is really driven by the TYSABRI asset purchase in bringing in the full 100% in the United States for the last 3 quarters of the year. My guess is that the delta that you're kind of referring to there is simply rounding or something like that, using different -- the 10% and the 17%. So I don't think there's really anything more to it than that. I think the readthrough on the top line guidance is it's driven by TYSABRI. We will obviously -- it's early days for TECFIDERA, and we'll obviously kind of monitor that as we walk through the year. We are going to be -- I think we're in a -- with respect now to capital allocation, I think we -- the deployment in the, early in the second quarter obviously is -- was a big deal. Of note also in the first quarter, we paid off our $450 million -- paid off $450 million of the 2013 notes that came due. And I think what we will now be spending a lot more time about -- thinking about, the next 5 years of capital deployment. And essentially, I think our order of priority certainly is strategic deployment on Phase I, Phase II assets that has proved extremely good for the company, to build sustainable pipeline and sustainable growth engine, and then we'll look for various ways to return capital to shareholders if the -- if we have excess cash.
Operator: Your next question comes from Marshall Urist from Morgan Stanley.
Marshall Urist - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: So a TECFIDERA question for me. Just wanted, Tony, if you could dig in a little bit more on your comment about reimbursement. I know you referenced some step edit and everything else. But just wanted to get a little bit better sense of that process. And I guess, specifically, how does that really differ from normal course of business from what you typically see for other -- for your other MS products?
Tony Kingsley: Yes, so nothing unusual, I think, for products of this type and in this category. Look, we have a managed care team that's out engaging with payers, to talk about formulary inclusion. That includes medical discussions, economic discussions, that unfolds over several months. So that's all planned and underway. In the short term, the payers in this category, and this has happened for the other new entrants, typically will ask for some kind of prior authorization or step edit. That requires some paperwork and justification from the physician office. So it is an additional hurdle that takes place while you are trying to get on formulary. We -- again, with our specialty pharmacy partners and our internal resources, we are working with physician offices to help them get through that additional step and get patients on therapy. So different than AVONEX and TYSABRI in that it's a launch product and it's not at steady state, obviously. So we have this additional hurdle but not different from other MS products and not, frankly, other specialty products these days.
Operator: Your next question comes from John Sonnier from William Blair.
John S. Sonnier - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: Just a quick one on PLEGRIDY. I think a question that patients and treaters are going to want to know is, how this drug looks relative to the shorter acting? And it does beg the question, do you guys have plans to run a non-inferiority study against either Rebif or AVONEX?
Douglas Edward Williams: John, this is Doug. No plans to do that study at the moment, the head-to-head comparison non-inferiority study that you just mentioned. And as far as the profile of the drug, I think, obviously, we were pleased to see the efficacy in terms of ARR reduction in the sort of mid- to upper-30% range, which I think places it squarely into the high end of the range for an interferon therapy. Tolerability-wise, as I mentioned, what we saw was some injection site reactions, which are not unexpected with a subcu-administered medication; and flu-like symptoms, which are, again, consistent with what we've seen with the other interferons. Those tend to be clustered around the time of dosing. So with the less-frequent dosing, we think that this will be a lower treatment burden for patients with respect to flu-like symptoms. And coming back to the efficacy parameters, I think the other interesting and somewhat surprising observation was the impact on disability progression that was seen in both of the treatment arms, both twice a month as well as once a month. So I think the efficacy data is very strong. And I think the tolerability data, with respect to AEs, there's nothing really surprising and, what I'd say, is non-interferon-like in terms of what was observed. So pretty pleased with those results. I think it'll position the product very well.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Joel Sendek from Stifel.
Joel D. Sendek - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: I have a question on SMNrx and then on FAMPYRA as well. So first of all, on SMNrx, I'm wondering if you can give us some sense as to the timeline for this and whether you -- and how aggressive you'll be in going after Type 2, 3 patients, which I think is the larger patient group. And on FAMPYRA, just quickly, what price did you -- were you able to negotiate in Germany?
Douglas Edward Williams: Do you want to take the FAMPYRA one?
Paul J. Clancy: Yes, Joel, the FAMPYRA price is right around $2,000. So that's the price that's going forward in the P&L at this point.
Douglas Edward Williams: And with respect to SMNrx, again, our working assumption right now is that, if the trials were to proceed as we envision them today, and this would be II -- Phase II, III type studies that we'd be looking at, data readouts probably in a 2016 time frame, as George alluded to in his comments. We will be looking at Type 2 and 3 patients. And in fact, the data that we presented thus far, Isis presented at the AAN meeting, is a combination of both the Type 2 and Type 3 patients. We're obviously interested in the Type 1 patients as well where, as you can imagine, the sort of medical need is the greatest. We -- Isis just announced that they'll be starting an infantile study, which will be patients with Type 1 disease, the most severe form of the disease. And that's largely a PK study to confirm that the sort of exposure in these neonates is very similar to what we see in the older patients that we treated in the studies that have been ongoing to date. So the program is moving quickly. We're having a lot of dialogue with the regulatory agencies because this is somewhat uncharted territory with respect to end points and study design issues. But we've had good dialogue back and forth, and our anticipated timeline would be to actually have data that we could file, assuming it's positive, in a broad cross-section of Type 1, 2 and 3 patients in the 2016 time frame.
Operator: This concludes the Q&A portion of the call. I turn the call back over to the presenters for closing remarks.
George A. Scangos: Okay. Look, thanks for all for calling in today. And we're going to get back to work, and we'll talk to you next quarter. Thanks.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2012 Q4  (2013-01-28 08:00:00) =====
Executives: Claudine Prowse George A. Scangos - Chief Executive Officer and Director Tony Kingsley - Executive Vice President of Global Commercial Operations Douglas Edward Williams - Executive Vice President of Research and Development Paul J. Clancy - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President of Finance
Analysts: Mark J. Schoenebaum - ISI Group Inc., Research Division Eric Schmidt - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division Geoffrey C. Meacham - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Yaron Werber - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Geoffrey C. Porges - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division Ravi Mehrotra - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division Robyn Karnauskas - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Matthew Roden - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Michael J. Yee - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division Rachel L. McMinn - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Terence C. Flynn - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Marshall Urist - Morgan Stanley, Research Division
Operator: Good morning. My name is Matthew, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I'd like to welcome everyone to the Biogen Idec Fourth Quarter and Year-End 2012 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Claudine Prowse, you may begin your conference.
Claudine Prowse: Thank you, and welcome to Biogen Idec Fourth Quarter 2012 Earnings Conference Call. We issued a press release this morning providing earnings results for the quarter and full year 2012. The press release and related financial tables are available on our website under the Investors section as are the slides that follow today's call. I would like to point out that we will be making forward-looking statements, which are based on our current expectations. These statements are subject to certain risks and uncertainties, and actual results may vary from our expectations. I encourage everyone to consult our SEC filings for additional detail. On today's call, I'm joined by our Chief Executive Officer, Dr. George Scangos; Tony Kingsley, EVP of Global Commercial Operations; Dr. Doug Williams, EVP of Research and Development; and our EVP of Finance and Chief Financial Officer, Paul Clancy. We'll also be joined for the Q&A portion of the call by our Vice President of Medical Affairs, Dr. Kate Dawson. I will now turn the call over to George.
George A. Scangos: Thanks, Claudine, and thanks to all of you for joining us today. 2012 was a successful and exciting year here at Biogen Idec. We exceeded our financial goals for the year, enjoyed good performance from our products, made substantial progress moving BG-12 and our hemophilia compounds towards hopeful approvals and launch and substantially improved the quality and quantity of our early-stage pipeline. So following my brief opening remarks, Tony Kingsley, Doug Williams and Paul Clancy will review the results and achievements of 2012 and how they position us for 2013. Doug will also review the positive pivotal trial results of PEGylated interferon that we announced last week. So 2012 revenue and earnings were strong and exceeded our expectations. Revenue was $5.5 billion, and non-GAAP earnings were $6.53 per share, a strong performance in a year where we invested heavily to advance the late-stage pipeline and prepared for multiple product launches. As Paul will outline, the good performance was the result of a mixture of positive and negative factors, but the bottom line is that the products continued to do well. AVONEX, after years of declining market share, had a turnaround year in 2012. The introduction of the AVONEX PEN, the first intramuscular autoinjector and the AVOSTARTGRIP, a titration kit to help reduce the frequency and severity of flu-like symptoms, together with great execution on the part of our commercial team, gave AVONEX new vibrancy, and that resulted in a turnaround from losing to gaining market share within the ABCRE class. 2012 was also a good year for TYSABRI, as we ended the year with 7,700 more commercial patients on drug than we started. With the availability of the test for JC virus antibodies, TYSABRI's use is shifting into the JCV-negative portion of the population, and it is getting earlier use in that segment. Our late-stage development programs, BG-12, hemophilia programs and PEGylated interferon continued to march forward in 2012. We continue to be optimistic about BG-12's potential to benefit patients with MS. You may have noticed that there's been some noise from entrenched competitors, which is not surprising. We believe in BG-12's favorable risk-benefit profile, which has been studied in a large clinical program with more than 3,600 MS patients and includes an ongoing long-term extension study. So I take the noise to be more a reflection of competitive worries about BG-12 than anything else. I want to point out that the biggest risk to MS patients is inadequate control of their disease, and the introduction of more efficacious products can only be a good thing for patients. We're very pleased to have received the notice of allowance for our dosing regimen patent application in the U.S., claiming the administration of 240 milligrams of DMF twice daily for the treatment of MS. That is the dosing regimen currently under review in our NDA, and this patent is expected to be listed in the FDA's Orange Book and provide patent protection for our BG-12 product until 2028. We believe BG-12 represents a meaningful advance for the MS community, and our focus is on bringing this important therapy to patients as quickly as possible. We're also working toward the potential registration for our hemophilia compounds, recombinant Factors VIII and IX. Based on the data that we announced from our Phase III trials, we believe both products have the potential to offer longer-lasting protection from bleeding while meaningfully reducing treatment burden. If approved, we believe these products will represent the first major treatment advances in hemophilia A and B since recombinant clotting factors were introduced in the '90s. Third, one of our goals was to build up the early- and mid-stage pipeline. We continue to focus on areas where we think we have a competitive advantage, neurodegenerative, immunological and hematological diseases, where there is still a high unmet needs and where the biology is well understood. Our continued work in these areas better positions our mid-stage pipeline to reach development milestones in the next 2 years. In summary, 2012 was a very productive year for Biogen Idec, and I'll now turn the call over to Tony Kingsley to discuss in more detail our commercial results.
Tony Kingsley: Thank you, George. Our core MS franchise continues to perform well with our fourth quarter MS revenues increasing 8% year-over-year while full year MS revenues grew 9% versus the prior year. AVONEX continues to perform well, gaining global market share in 2012 within the ABCRE injectable class and maintaining a strong front line position in MS. We believe this continues to be driven by 2 things: market uptick of the AVONEX PEN, which brings real convenience advantages to patients and strong commercial execution in a promotionally sensitive segment of the market. In the U.S., despite new competition entering the MS market, we ended the year with more U.S. AVONEX patients on therapy than we started, providing evidence that our commercial strategy is succeeding. Outside of the U.S., AVONEX remains the leading MS therapy, as we continue to increase our leading market share position. Unit growth in these markets was strong. Now moving to TYSABRI. Patient growth was solid during the fourth quarter, as we added another 1,500 new commercial patients, and for the year, we added approximately 7,700 commercial patients in 2012. TYSABRI's solid growth trajectory continues to be driven by its powerful efficacy. We continue to advance the science in understanding and stratifying TYSABRI's benefit-risk profile and build physician confidence in the therapy. As a result, TYSABRI continues to gain market share in the global MS space. We saw a continued evidence of earlier adoption in the JCV-negative patient population throughout the year. With growing JCV testing volumes and now the majority of patients who are starting TYSABRI treatment are JCV negative, leading to what we believe will be longer-term retention rates over time. Now moving to our anticipated 2013 product launches. First, as some of you may already be aware, we now have a brand name for BG-12, TECFIDERA. In the U.S., we are fully ready for a commercial launch of TECFIDERA and continue to plan to an expected late March FDA approval. Our brand strategy is defined. We have a robust promotional plan in place, and we are appropriately resourced. Additional field resources are already in place, and we will augment with significant promotional and program spend to support the anticipated launch beginning in Q2. Outside the U.S., we are planning toward an expected EMA approval in the first half of 2013 and expect the primary launches this year to occur in Germany and Canada, with the cadence of launches in other countries stretching into 2014. In international launch markets, we already have key marketing and market access resources in place to support TECFIDERA, and we have a clearly defined hiring schedule to add field resources several months in front of each country's launch. While we obviously do not have a TECFIDERA label yet, we continue to believe the data suggests a product profile that will be very appealing to a broad set of physicians and patients, and we continue to see high market anticipation. We are realistic that the market is sticky with many patients well controlled on existing therapies, and that as the third oral to market, we have our work cut out for us. With that said, we are very excited. We will set very ambitious goals for ourselves, resource the launch aggressively and focus on strong execution as we have done with our other products to drive success. While the TECFIDERA launch is of primary importance to us, our broader objective is to grow our total franchise in MS, and we believe we are well positioned to do just that. We have a potential leader in the 3 market segments: AVONEX in the injectable class or ABCRE, TYSABRI in the high efficacy segments and TECFIDERA in the emerging oral segment. With something like 30% of the patients currently on our products today, we see real growth potential across our portfolio, and we'll focus on maximizing our total patient capture. In 2013, we also anticipate accelerating our commercial activities for the hemophilia franchise. We have a strong nucleus of commercial leadership in place, and we'll continue to build out the team infrastructure and supply chain necessary for successful launches. Assuming end-of-year approvals, we anticipate the majority of our sales force buildout to occur in the middle of the year. Similar to TECFIDERA, we also anticipate making significant investments in promotional and marketing activities that are vital to successful launches. We believe our commercial momentum is solid. We are executing our strategies successfully, and we believe we are well prepared for potential upcoming launches. With that, I'll hand the call over to Doug.
Douglas Edward Williams: Thanks, Tony. Let me start by thanking and congratulating the R&D and regulatory organizations for all their efforts and success in 2012. It's been a year of significant accomplishments spanning the entire pipeline from research to marketed products. In 2012, we expanded the U.S. TYSABRI label to include information about JCV antibody risk stratification and achieved FDA approval for both the AVONEX PEN and Titration Kit. We completed an NDA filing for TECFIDERA with FDA and an MAA file with the EU regulatory authorities ahead of schedule and have now filed with Canada, Switzerland and Australia for approval of TECFIDERA in relapsing forms of MS. Our hemophilia team reported on successful Phase III clinical studies for Factor IX and Factor VIII with our long-lasting versions of those molecules. These programs are the first true innovation for patients with hemophilia in more than 15 years. We reported Phase III data from our dexpramipexole study in ALS, which unfortunately was not positive but generated important baseline data on ALS patient diagnosis and clinical progression, which will be important for designing future trials. And just last week, we reported on positive Phase III data with peginterferon, which I'll spend more time discussing later. All in all, it's been a remarkable year of progress with our late-stage pipeline. It's also noteworthy that our early-stage pipeline advanced as well with enrollment of first patients in our Phase IIa study of STX-100 in IPF, the Phase IIa study of anti-LINGO in acute optic neuritis and our Phase IIb study of the anti-TWEAK antibody in lupus nephritis. We also began enrolling patients in the Phase Ib IIa multi-dose study of Isis-SMNRx for spinal muscular atrophy. We made significant changes to our research organization to promote discovery and validation of novel drug targets and key high-profile academic collaborations with the ALS sequencing project, the ALS biology consortium, the hemophilia sequencing program and the human protein-protein interaction map. All of these accomplishments position the company for near-term launches of multiple products, as well as a steady stream of Phase III and Phase II proof-of-concept study readouts over the coming years. I'd like to highlight a few key program accomplishments, starting with our MS pipeline. I'm pleased to say that we'll have more than 50 abstracts at this year's AAN meeting in San Diego, with the majority highlighting recent developments with our MS franchise. Last week, we announced positive top line data from the Phase III registrational study of peginterferon beta-1a, known as ADVANCE, in 1,500 patients with relapsing-remitting MS. This trial was conducted under a Special Protocol Assessment with the FDA. Primary endpoint of the study was annualized relapse rate at 1 year, and secondary endpoints included the number of new or newly enlarging T2-hyperintense lesions. The proportion of patients who relapsed in 12 weeks sustained disability progression as measured by EDSS. Patients in ADVANCE were dosed subcutaneously either every 2 or 4 weeks. The primary endpoint was met for both dosing regimens of peginterferon with ARR reductions of 36% and 28% for the every 2- and 4-week dosing regimens, respectively. Secondary endpoints were also met for both dosing arms, including EDSS at 1 year. Specifically, the confirmed 12-week reduction in disability progression as measured by EDSS was 38% for both dosing groups. This is an important outcome measure, which showed significant results at 1 year, whereas most studies assess disability after 2 years of dosing. Rates of neutralizing antibodies were less than 1% for both regimens, and both dosing groups showed that peginterferon was well tolerated with adverse event profile similar to the known profiles of beta interferons in MS. With these strong results, we believe that peginterferon has the potential to be a leading therapy within the injectable segment. Peginterferon should reduce the number of injections, which ranges from daily with Copaxone to weekly or more frequent injections of the current beta interferons to potentially once every 2 weeks or once every 4 weeks with peginterferon. Detailed data for the ADVANCE study will be presented as a platform presentation at the upcoming AAN meeting. We expect to file with the FDA and EMA mid-2013, and we're planning a 2014 potential launch of peginterferon with a subcutaneous autoinjector to improve patient convenience. Earlier this month, we and our partner Elan announced regulatory submissions with both the FDA and EMA requesting updates to the TYSABRI labels. The applications requested expanded indications, which, if granted, would include first-line use in relapsing-remitting MS patients who've tested negative for antibodies to the JC virus. Both regulatory applications have been validated by the respective agencies, and formal review has begun. The identification of anti-JCV antibody status as a risk factor for PML has helped to enable individual benefit-risk assessment for patients with relapsing forms of MS. We've shown that anti-JCV antibody negative patients are at lower risk for developing PML, and the proposed label changes would support the earlier usage of TYSABRI in these patients. Moving on to our early-stage MS pipeline. We initiated the first Phase II trial of anti-LINGO in optic neuritis. This is a placebo-controlled trial of 80 patients with acute optic neuritis randomized one to one to placebo or anti-LINGO administered IV. The primary outcome measure of this trial is a change of conduction velocity as measured by visual evoked potential at 24 weeks, but we'll also examine low-contrast visual acuity as a measure of visual improvement. We expect to initiate a second Phase II trial of anti-LINGO in relapsing MS during the second half of this year. This is a placebo-controlled dose ranging Phase IIb study of approximately 400 patients dosed IV for 12 to 18 months and assessed for changes in functional status by EDSS, as well as several imaging endpoints and biomarkers to assess remyelination in neuronal repair. We anticipate data from the acute optic neuritis trial in 2014 and the relapsing MS study in 2015. Now on to our hemophilia programs. Last year, we shared positive news from our registrational studies of both our long-lasting Factors VIII and IX. I'm pleased to announce that we have had abstracts accepted on A-LONG and B-LONG, our registrational studies in hemophilia, and we'll be presenting these at the European Association for Haemophilia and Allied Disorders taking place in Warsaw, Poland from February 6 to 8. We're also sponsoring a symposium at the Congress focused on the ongoing clinical development of recombinant Factors VIII and IX with the purpose of increasing our interaction with the hemophilia community and involving expert clinicians' perspectives on our long-lasting programs. Our collaboration with Isis Pharmaceuticals targeting spinal muscular atrophy, also known as SMA, recently completed a Phase I single-dose, open-label safety and tolerability study. The results showed that intrathecal administration of SMNRx appears to be well tolerated. Patients were assessed for clinical responses post infusion by the modified Hammersmith scoring system and with electrophysiological measures of motor unit function. Details from this study will be shared at the upcoming AAN conference. The next step for this program is the ongoing Phase Ib IIa multiple-dose study in SMA patients, which will determine appropriate endpoints for the Phase III pivotal trial and identify any appropriate biomarkers. Our partner, Isis, expects to have top line data from this study in late 2013 or early 2014. I'm extremely pleased with the progress that the R&D organization has shown over the past year. I look forward to providing you with further updates on our progress in the coming quarters. With that, I'll now pass the call over to Paul.
Paul J. Clancy: Thanks, Doug. Our GAAP diluted earnings per share were $1.23 in the fourth quarter and $5.76 for the full year. The primary differences between our GAAP and non-GAAP results for the fourth quarter are outlined in the earnings presentation and include $49 million related to the amortization of acquired intangibles, $4 million in fair value adjustments for contingent consideration and $2 million related to stock compensation expense. This was partially offset by the tax impact on these items. Our non-GAAP diluted earnings per share in the fourth quarter were $1.40. This includes a discrete tax item, which impacted Q4 EPS by approximately $0.12. I'll explain this in more detail in a few minutes. Let me now walk through the financial results. Total revenue for the fourth quarter grew 7% to $1.4 billion and grew 9% for the full year to $5.5 billion. Q4 AVONEX worldwide revenue was strong, growing 7% to $753 million and grew 8% for the year to $2.9 billion. Both Q4 and full year worldwide unit model volume increased 4% versus prior year. In the U.S., AVONEX grew 11% in Q4 to $467 million, and for the full year, U.S. AVONEX revenues increased 10% to $1.8 billion. Inventory in the channel in the U.S. ended at just over 1.7 weeks, a slight decrease compared to the prior quarter. Internationally, Q4 AVONEX revenue was $286 million, an increase of 1% compared to the fourth quarter of 2011. Foreign exchange weakened AVONEX revenue by $10 million, which was offset by a $3 million hedge gain. For the full year, AVONEX international revenue increased 6% to $1.1 billion. Foreign exchange weakened AVONEX revenue by approximately $69 million. This was offset by a $25 million hedge gain as compared to a $31 million hedge loss in 2011. TYSABRI worldwide end market sales were $433 million in the fourth quarter and $1.6 billion for the year, up 14% and 8%, respectively. Biogen Idec recorded TYSABRI product revenues of $295 million in Q4 and $1.1 billion for the full year. In the U.S., fourth quarter TYSABRI product revenue to Biogen Idec grew 20% to $104 million. Full year TYSABRI product revenue was $383 million to Biogen Idec, an increase of 17% over 2011. Q4 international TYSABRI product revenue was $191 million and $753 million for the full year. TYSABRI product revenue was negatively impacted by approximately $17 million of deferred revenue in Q4 and $63 million for the full year in our Italian affiliate. The impact of foreign exchange for the full year also detracted $48 million from international TYSABRI revenue versus the prior year, which was offset by a $10 million hedge gain compared to a $6 million hedge loss in 2011. FAMPYRA revenues were $11 million in the fourth quarter and $57 million for the full year. U.S. RITUXAN sales were $769 million in the fourth quarter, up 7%. For the full year, U.S. RITUXAN sales were $3.1 billion. RITUXAN benefited from continued patient penetration in non-Hodgkin's lymphoma and adoption in the vasculitis indications. Our profit share and expense reimbursement from that business was $257 million in the fourth quarter and $1 billion for the full year. Royalties and profit share on sales of Rituximab outside the U.S. in Q4 were $24 million and $105 million for the full year. The result was $281 million of revenue from unconsolidated joint business in Q4 and $1.1 billion for the full year. Royalties were $56 million for the fourth quarter and $161 million for the full year. We also recorded $6 million of corporate partner revenue in the quarter and $44 million for the full year. Now turning to the expense lines on the non-GAAP P&L. Q4 cost of goods sold were $134 million or 9% of revenues. Full year COGS were $545 million or 10% of revenues. The increase in COGS in '12 over prior year was primarily driven by higher revenues from our core products, higher cost of the AVONEX PEN and increased funding related to the JCV assay, nurse training fees and our arrangement with Samsung Biologics. Q4 R&D expense was $344 million or 24% of revenues, which includes a $30 million upfront payment to Isis for the discovery collaboration and spending related to dexpramipexole. For the full year, R&D expense was $1.3 billion or 24% of revenues. Q4 SG&A expense was $375 million or 26% of revenues, an increase of 33% over last year. This was driven by costs associated with promotional planning and sales force deployment for TECFIDERA in the hemophilia therapies, as well as an increase in grants. For the full year, SG&A expense was $1.3 billion or a 21% increase over 2011. Continuing down the P&L. Our collaboration profit sharing line totaled $78 million in expense for the quarter and $318 million for the year. During the fourth quarter, we also recorded $15 million from DRI from the sale of our BENLYSTA royalty and related rights. Other income and expense was a loss of $14 million in the fourth quarter. Our Q4 non-GAAP tax rate was 30.6%. This is an increase versus our normal effective tax rate due to a onetime discrete item in the quarter. Specifically, during our year-end audit, we discovered an error in our accounting for the income taxes related to the capitalized interest at our Denmark manufacturing facility. This had accumulated over many years going back to 2006. We've adjusted this all in the fourth quarter as a cumulative correction for the last 6 years, and it increased our tax expense by $29 million. This was a noncash impact which unfavorably impacted Q4 EPS by $0.12. In the fourth quarter, our weighted average diluted shares were 238 million, flat versus the prior quarter. We ended the quarter with $3.7 billion in cash and marketable securities, of which approximately 2/3 is in the U.S. This brings us to our non-GAAP diluted earnings per share, which were $1.40 in the fourth quarter and $6.53 for the full year, up 11% versus 2011. Now I'd like to provide our full year 2013 guidance. We expect total revenue growth of approximately 10%. While we usually don't provide product-specific guidance, I would like to characterize how we're thinking about each of the products. Overall, as we've talked, our thesis remains that we will potentially have leading products in each of the 3 multiple sclerosis segments: the ABCR segment, the high-efficacy segment and the oral segment. We expect the revenue dynamics of our AVONEX business to remain roughly similar to the last year or 2 with single-digit unit declines in the U.S. due to the new entrants and low single-digit increases outside the U.S. We expect the impact of 2012 pricing action to carry forward as a positive impact in the U.S. and a slight negative impact outside the U.S., roughly offsetting each other. Overall, we expect AVONEX revenue in 2013 to be pretty comparable to 2012, which is consistent with our goal to gain share within the ABCRE class. We expect continued growth from TYSABRI driven by risk stratification efforts and its high-efficacy profile. Our business plan assumes TECFIDERA is approved in the United States in late March and shortly thereafter in the EU. Over the multi-year time period, we believe TECFIDERA, given the therapy's profile, can be the leading oral treatment in MS. Let me point out a couple of factors that are included in our TECFIDERA projections for 2013. First, subsequent to last year's PDUFA delay, we adjusted our plans to assume TECFIDERA will be available to patients in the U.S. for only 9 months in 2013 versus 12 months. That dropped the highest revenue quarter. Second, due to the normal country reimbursement process outside the U.S., international revenue comes primarily from Germany in 2013. We expect to see the benefit of the remaining countries begin largely in 2014. And finally, our forecast on dose compliance is cautious for 2013 which, I'll admit, we really don't know until we get into launch. Moving to RITUXAN. We expect our revenue from unconsolidated joint business to be similar year-over-year, as international Rituximab royalty declines are offset by modest U.S. profit share increase. Moving to the expense lines of the P&L. We expect cost of goods sold to be between 8% and 10% of sales. R&D expense is expected to be between 22% and 23% of sales, a decline from 2012. Our R&D expense starts to benefit from the maturation of the late-stage pipeline, and our spending in R&D moves to greater investment in mid- and early-stage development programs. SG&A expense is expected to be approximately 24% to 26% of total revenue, an increase from 2012. We see 2013 as an investment year in SG&A, as we build out the commercial efforts for TECFIDERA and we execute prelaunch commercial efforts for hemophilia in the U.S. We do expect to drive SG&A leverage post 2013. We expect our effective tax rate in 2013 to be between 24% and 26% of pretax income. As a result, we anticipate GAAP earnings per share to be between $6.45 and $6.55 and non-GAAP EPS results to be between $7.15 and $7.25. So we're excited about 2013 and setting the foundation for what we hope will be strong earnings growth over the next number of years, as we hope to launch multiple new products over the course of 2013 and 2014. I'll turn the call over to George for his closing comments.
George A. Scangos: Okay. Thank you, Paul. This is a remarkable time for Biogen Idec. In 2012, our commercial, regulatory, development, clinical and research teams achieved significant milestones that positioned us for sustained near- and long-term growth. As I think about 2013, we believe that the underlying drivers of growth continue to look robust. Current products continue to provide a solid business foundation, and we expect continued performance in 2013. AVONEX is now gaining market share in the U.S. and internationally within the ABCRE class. And as Paul -- as Doug reported, we recently had the results for our peginterferon trial, which showed solid efficacy. We plan to launch peginterferon with the disposable subcutaneous autoinjector to improve patient convenience. This potential best-in-class profile should enable us to further expand our share in the ABCRE segment. We continue to be optimistic about the prospects for TYSABRI. The JC virus antibody test seems to be paying off now, and we think TYSABRI has substantial growth potential. We're entering an era, where subject to FDA approval, we hope to have several new product launches: TECFIDERA, our hemophilia compounds and PEGylated interferon. Behind those is a pipeline of very promising compounds. Next year, we'll have a readout for daclizumab HYP, which has the potential for once-a-month dosing for the treatment of relapsing MS patients. In 2015, we'll have a readout for TYSABRI in secondary-progressive MS. If the data are positive in this indication, it would be a great service for those patients and a new market for TYSABRI. SPMS patients make up approximately 35% of the total MS population. And then potentially, there's a readout for ISIS-SMNRx in 2016. So over the next 3 years, we expect to have proof-of-concept data for multiple compounds including anti-LINGO for MS, ISIS-SMNRx for SMA, STX-100 for IPF, anti-TWEAK for lupus, neublastin for neuropathic pain and BIIB037 for Alzheimer's disease. So it looks like we could have pivotal trial results for at least 1 new compound each year for the next 3. Together with readouts from our Phase II compounds and proof-of-concept data within that same time frame, we believe that the early-stage pipeline is maturing nicely and could be a major value contributor to the company as we move forward. Our next steps are pretty clear. We now drive forward with the same passion and commitment we demonstrated over the years to maximize the opportunities ahead of us and bring innovative and sought-after therapies to patients globally. We need to continue to drive the performance of our current products. What's important to us is to drive leadership across the entire MS franchise. We believe that with a leading injectable, the leading high-efficacy therapy and potentially the leading oral compound, we're well positioned to capture more net new patients in each of those segments. We need to ensure that we go through the registration processes for our new compounds efficiently and successfully launch each of the late-stage products in the coming years. For the rest of the pipeline, we need to ensure that we get the trials done on time and continue to drive innovation to bring the best science to the company. And we need to further build the early-stage pipeline to continue to bring important new medicines to patients in areas of high unmet need and further ensure that we have major value drivers going forward. So our future and our success are in our own hands, and that's a nice place to be. Very few companies can tell the story that we can, and that doesn't happen by accident. I'm very proud of the many accomplishments achieved by our company and our outlook for 2013. We thank all of the employees who make our achievements possible. And at this time, I will open the call to Q&A.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Mark Schoenebaum with ISI Group.
Mark J. Schoenebaum - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: As you know, it's our job in the investment community to worry about the unlikely, so with that in mind, let me ask the following questions, if you don't mind. Could we maybe get your updated thoughts on the potential impact of the PML cases linked to FUMADERM in Germany on your BG-12 regulatory applications? And also I think there is a recent blog post by Dr. Gold which seemed to suggest that -- it seemed at least to suggest that some BG-12 patients, he thought, should be -- should have their white blood cell counts monitored. I just -- I'd love get your thoughts on that. And then finally, what do you expect the FDA and EMA to do with the BG-12 preclinical kidney cancer signal that you disclosed many years ago? I remember you disclosing it many years ago but which Teva referred to in its recent CP. And then I'll get back in the queue. I really appreciate you entertaining my paranoid delusions.
George A. Scangos: Thanks, Mark, and let me just point out that it's also our job to worry about unlikely events, so -- but let me take those 2 things 1 at a time, and this is like the guest who won't leave the party, I guess. But anyway, look, let me take the PML stuff first. We talked about this at JPMorgan. So let's first talk about BG-12, right? It's been studied in 3,600 patients including a long-term extension study, 0 cases of PML, no opportunistic infections, looks great. With FUMADERM, in 180,000 patient years, there have been 3 cases of PML, and there's 1 additional case that's been reported in a patient taking formulated fumaric acid esters, right? So lump those together, you got 4 cases in 180,000 patient years. So the first thing to say is that is kind of the normal rate that you would expect to see in a population of patients with an autoimmune disease. There's nothing alarming about that role rate. Two of those cases are heavily confounded, patients taking other drugs, having other risk factors for PML. Two of them, which I think are the 2 patients to which Dr. Gold alludes in his post last week, were lymphopenic for sustained periods of time. Lymphopenia is also known to be a risk factor for PML. So the 2 cases reported last week are not new cases. They're 2 of the 4 cases that are already known. I -- there, he mentioned that they are going to be published in a major medical journal. I think that's true, but I just -- I mean, glad you asked the question because we can make it clear here. Those are not new cases. These are the old cases. And the rate's low. So that's all there is, I think, to say about that. Now on the kidney issue, the -- look, this came from a website that was deemed constructed for internal use only. The -- actually, the information on the website were not completely accurate. They were not vetted completely by us, let alone even submitted to any regulatory agencies, let alone approved by any regulatory agencies. And they were largely meant to be placeholders for the site, so we could substitute the official information and get the site up quickly after approval. The site -- the data -- the site was accessed by Teva. Data were inappropriately used to file their citizens position -- petition that they filed. The data are not new. They are old. We disclosed those data, as you pointed out, many years ago. The regulatory agencies have had them for years for those reason that we did the renal monitoring during the clinical program. And as you know, from looking at the Phase III data, there were no signs in the renal trial in humans. So we feel very comfortable about the safety profile of BG-12 and about the risk-benefit profile of BG-12. And we are still aiming for an approval at the end of March. And as I said before, we take these concerns now to be -- I think the noise about them now is largely a question of competitive pressure rather than anything else.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Eric Schmidt with Cowen and Company.
Eric Schmidt - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: Well, maybe best for Paul. You laid out a lot of factors on BG-12 for us to think about in terms of how to model the launch. When you look at the analyst models out there, maybe specifically consensus of about $330 million for the year, are you getting the sense that the Street's thinking is aligned with your own? And if not, where do you think there's disconnect?
Paul J. Clancy: Yes -- no. Thanks, Eric. I mean, I think the -- what we've -- I've been working to try to do is just try to point out the fact that post the PDUFA delay last year, I think there were a fair amount of models that actually didn't adjust for the fact that it's 9 months in the United States as opposed to 12 months. And then I think the other key thing is that compliance for BG-12, we just actually don't know. So we're kind of being a little bit cautious that we're looking at twice-a-day drugs as opposed to once-a-day drugs kind of the benchmark being kind of Gilenya, that there's a good chance that compliance coming out of the gates may be a little bit lower. We're going to be putting in place a lot of programs, pharmacy programs and the like to make sure over the medium term that patients are taking the therapy appropriately. So falling short a little bit of exactly asking -- answering your question on the number, the spot number, just kind to want to really point that stuff out, it's obviously a range. And I think that we'll know that as we get into it. We are very comfortable with the longer-term projections, which also obviously is a range. But just for this year, I just want to try to really point a couple of those factors out.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Geoff Meacham with JPMorgan.
Geoffrey C. Meacham - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: A question on the ADVANCE trial. Obviously, the Q2 and Q4 week achieved the endpoint, but there were some differences between the 2 on everything but EDSS, so maybe help us with how you see Q4 week playing out commercially versus Q2 or other injectables. And then will there be an efficacy measuring going out to 2 years that possibly that you could see a catch-up effect with a month ago [ph]?
Tony Kingsley: Yes, Geoff, it's Tony. Thanks for the question. So look, from a commercial standpoint, our thesis on the injectables class has been that as other products enter and the efficacy differences get compressed a little bit, it moves to convenience. Look, both of these are good news from a convenience standpoint. It's early days, and I think we have some work to do to think through the -- sort of the more tactical marketing strategy on 2 versus 4. There's -- the good news is they're both good. Disability is obviously encouraging to have, and that can be a differentiator, I think, particularly with payers who are particularly interested in that. Doug, I don't know if you want to talk about the 2-year.
Douglas Edward Williams: Yes, in the 2-year data, because of the way the study is designed, the patients who are on placebo roll over to active drug. So what we'll really be looking at there is primarily tolerability-related issues in the second year. You really lose your comparator group, if you will, just based on the way the study is designed. So primarily we'll get some additional tolerability data. We'll obviously be looking at sort of long-term efficacy measures but have less power to say things just based on the fact that the placebo patients have now been rolled over to active drug.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Yaron Werber with Citi.
Yaron Werber - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: So just got 2 questions, guys. One -- and I don't know if you can answer it, maybe just kind of philosophically, when you look at Aubagio, it's around $40,000 per year, and with the recent price increase of Gilenya in the U.S., it's around $60,000. So the question is BG-12 really has sort of a great profile between the 2 drugs and can support premium pricing, certainly at the higher end of Gilenya, but then you're probably worried about market access. So just give us a little bit of a sense to how you think about that range and then any sense of how should we think about the gross to net discounts in this market for the oral drugs. And then just secondly, if you don't mind for Tony, TYSABRI, what -- how should we think about patient starts from now just given the deceleration quarter-to-quarter?
Tony Kingsley: Yaron, it's Tony. On pricing, I think Aubagio's $45,000 last I looked. I think you said $40,000. Look, there is a range between that and where Gilenya is today. If you look at where the ABCREs are, they're mostly pretty clustered in that category. We've said before, whereas we think about the BG-12 pricing strategy, we think it's got a good profile. We're going to do what we can to capture value for that, but we're going to be thoughtful about not creating lots of barriers for us. Let me touch on TYSABRI, and then Paul can maybe take the gross to net question. We feel good about the pace on new patient starts. It's a little slower in the second -- in the fourth quarter. If you look, that's not unusual. There is some seasonality in the TYSABRI business. I think in the past, we have seen some -- Q4 particularly around December is a little softer for patient adds, but we're continuing to see risk stratification take hold and the benefit-risk profile moving. So as I think we've often said, we didn't view risk stratification as a massive inflection since there was a lot of understanding of that through the STRATIFY clinical trial, but it's a nice steady march of continuing to move physician confidence. And with that, we think patient adds. Paul, you want to talk about it?
Paul J. Clancy: Yes. No. Great question, Yaron, with respect to gross to net, and clearly, we're talking about the United States. The gross to net -- few people have pointed this out, that it has increased over the last couple of years, so that's always good to be mindful of. For us and for our category, multiple sclerosis, it's a function of private payer rebates, which really are actually haven't meaningfully increased and then government rebates, which while it's a relatively lower percentage of the mix for us, it actually can -- it plays a factor into the gross to net dynamics. Certainly, that's particularly true for AVONEX. That's true for TYSABRI. That will actually, in the early days, obviously be less true for BG-12 because that's more of a function of historical pricing vis--vis kind of cost-of-living adjustments if you will. So it's good thing to be mindful of, but I think it's still quite manageable.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Geoff Porges with Bernstein.
Geoffrey C. Porges - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: Appreciate the transparency. Just a question, Paul, about margins. Your R&D looks like it's coming down next year. You've been around -- hovering around 24% the last couple of years, and you clearly had to pull back or been able to pull back on spending on dex. Can you give us a sense of what the sort of thing you might be looking out from a business development standpoint given that it looks as though you've got 1 point or 2 of SG&A spend that you could potentially deploy into another late-stage program? Or is that an incorrect assessment?
Paul J. Clancy: I'd say that the dynamics of 2013 are, Geoff, pretty close to what you point out in terms of we expect to get a little bit of deleverage in SG&A, call it, 150 to 200 bps of deleverage as this is a critical year and a very unique year and a great year for Biogen Idec with respect to kind of the bolus of potential launches. R&D, we expect to get to more or less make up that point, those 150 to 200 basis points. And actually, that has been all along kind of the thinking, as the maturation of the late-stage programs get through kind of the big spending. They -- as you move late stage and finish your trial as we've talked about in the past, it's not like the spending disappears. The exception obviously is dexpramipexole. We expect just very small amount of spending in 2013, and that is really kind of a big driver on the 2012 to 2013 kind of leverage point. We will continue to look at business development deals in R&D. Our current guidance doesn't include anything real meaningful in that, but we feel that we have an obligation to continue to look at those things and cover the cost of those if they're very manageable and very, very small. And that continues just to be real important strategically to build up the early- and mid-stage pipeline to get a real longer-term sustainable growth for the company. And it's essentially part and parcel to what we do here, and it's been proven to be pretty darn effective. Those -- anything meaningful on that front, we look at on a -- the merits of the molecule, the merits of the deal, less about kind of what does it do for the kind of quarter-to-quarter impact on the P&L. And we have to solve that after the fact.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ravi Mehrotra with Crdit Suisse.
Ravi Mehrotra - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Two-part question on TECFIDERA. Paul, you've mentioned twice now some caution around the BID dosing compliance. Is there any studies or real-world experience which brings you to that cautionary note? And related to that, turning to the GI and flushing side effects, which you flagged openly, can you remind us how you aim to manage that in the early days of the launch, what you're hoping to get within the label in that regard and remind us of the studies to support those steps?
Paul J. Clancy: Yes, let me start with the first part, Ravi. Well, first of all, nice job on the pronunciation of TECFIDERA. Look, Gilenya, as you know, they've reported kind of into the 90 percentages on compliance. We -- we're looking hard at this, and there's lots of studies of more than a handful of comparable twice-a-day therapies that actually get closer to 70% compliance. So that's a big -- in the world of revenue and P times Q, that's actually a big swing, and that's a little bit about what we're being cautious of. Obviously, our job is to work hard on that. It's the right thing to do for the business. More importantly, it's the right thing to do for patients so -- but that gives you a little bit of kind of the swing factor that could play. Doug?
Douglas Edward Williams: And in terms of what we'll have available to help physicians manage patients through, we're really talking about the first month here where both the flushing and the GI tolerability effects seem to manifest themselves, and they tend to sort of self limit after a month. But we will have patient support services available to be able to sort of advise and counsel if you will. As you know, we've done some studies with aspirin that seem to have a meaningful effect on flushing. Those won't be in the label, but we're continuing to do some additional work. Those studies have been published. They've been talked about at some of the major neurology meetings, so that information is obviously out there and available for physicians. And then as far as the GI tolerability, we're also looking at the ability to titer the dose up to see whether or not that has a meaningful impact for those few patients who do experience significant GI tolerability effects so -- and we'll have patient information. We won't have anything in the label initially, but we're continuing to do studies to be able to understand and better manage that.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Robyn Karnauskas with Deutsche Bank.
Robyn Karnauskas - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: I guess I'm thinking about PEG-Avonex and the data, you've said that you want to be the market leader amongst interferons, and I'm wondering whether or how you're thinking about peginterferon. Do you think that peginterferon could be the market leader amongst the interferons? And then second question related to that is how do we think about gross margins? You have a lot of new products coming online and in particular, even if peginterferon makes it to market, how do we think about margins versus current margins?
Tony Kingsley: Robyn, it's Tony. So look, we're obviously thinking about interferon as a franchise over time, and we'll think about the value proposition of PEGylated interferon in that context. Again, our theory is convenience is an important differentiator and an increasingly important differentiator over time. We have a strong value proposition with AVONEX and the PEN today, a subcutaneous 13 or 26 times per year injectable is very attractive. So you ask could it be the leading interferon. The question I would ask is why couldn't it be the leading injectable. If you look at 13 or 26 times a year with the kind of data we're talking about relative to 365 times a year, also subcutaneous, it's a pretty powerful value proposition.
Paul J. Clancy: And Robyn, I think not too much to report for 2013 on gross margins other than what's in the guidance. Over the longer term, the gross margins are quite healthy now as you know. Over the long term, we actually think we can creep it north of that modestly. BG-12 is a very good kind of cost of goods sold. We expect over time TYSABRI, with bringing on Denmark, that we can move gross margins a little bit more favorable in that dimension. So I think that,that actually over time is a modestly improving story.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Matt Roden with UBS.
Matthew Roden - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Paul, first in terms of the above consensus revenue guidance. The past couple years you've been pretty conservative on this line versus what you've actually delivered, and I was wondering if there's anything different in your process this year as you came up with your 10% year-over-year growth on revenues and whether or not there are any particular lines, line items in your forecast that were particularly different than consensus. And then secondly, for Tony on PEG-Avonex, once that is available, can you talk about how your promotion strategy for the interferon strategy will shift? Is it important to switch the current AVONEX users over to PEG-Avonex? Or is this more about a strategy to compete for new patient starts?
Paul J. Clancy: Yes, thanks, Matt. It's great and probably helpful in terms of clarifying. The consensus is essentially what our plan is for the top line, so I mean, I think I wouldn't stretch it and to say that we've got a lot of conservatism at all built into that. It assumes a little bit of pricing action in the U.S., yet modest. It assumes that we'll solve AIFA at some point during -- the impact during the year. That's not the most meaningful assumption that we have, and we certainly are working hard to do that. If we don't, it's still manageable in the bottom line. It doesn't -- we don't have an assumption in terms of the top line with respect to legislative changes that many of you have or -- and all of us are watching. Dual eligibles is actually a meaningful impact for us on the AVONEX business, and our kind of top line outlook assumes very comparable foreign exchange. So I think it's a pretty fair kind of look at what we think the business is. I would not guide at all to stretch that much further at all.
Tony Kingsley: Matt, it's Tony. In terms of the kind of the strategy for PEGylated interferon, I'd say TBD. Clearly, you'd want to think about capturing new patients with that. We don't have the label, et cetera. Yes, that's a ways off. The pace at which you think about converting a subject to a lot of different factors, well-controlled patients, do you want to move them off therapy, what data will physicians want to be comfortable doing that. There are payer dynamics associated with that. So lots to work out on that front, but again, from a franchise standpoint, this is good news.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Michael Yee with RBC Capital Markets.
Michael J. Yee - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: A question for Dr. Dawson or Tony. So you guys have launched more MS drugs, obviously, than anyone, but when you look at the launch of TECFIDERA this time around and you look at the reimbursement, the payer landscape and different EU pricing bands, are there things today, particularly o U.S., that are different than a couple years ago? How are you thinking about that as we model or you model internally?
Tony Kingsley: Yes, good question, Michael. So look, the couple of macro things that are different is the class is getting more crowded, right? There are more -- there have already been more entrants. Anticipate more entrants. So payers around the world are obviously focused on a class because there are more things to look at. The second is I think Paul has been pretty transparent. The European pricing environment has been very difficult in the last couple of years, and we think there's going to continue to be meaningful pressure on prices in general as the European economy continues to struggle. So if you think about it, the differentials between U.S. pricing and largely, European pricing are getting greater than they have, and both those factors seem to be moving in the direction that would increase those over time.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Rachel McMinn with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Rachel L. McMinn - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: I just wanted to clarify, Paul, a couple of things you said. On your AVONEX guidance, should we look to the 7% to 8% sales growth we've seen over the last 2 years and think about that as an accurate number to go forward? Or just you actually mean that sales would be flat? And then on BG-12, with your comment about Germany, will you be able to launch rapidly after approval? Or is there just a prolonged period where we should we be thinking about revenues more weighted towards the back half in Germany for TECFIDERA?
Paul J. Clancy: Yes. No. Rachel, thanks for the clarification. No, AVONEX we actually think is a pretty comparable year-over-year number. So more flat on a year -- from a total revenue perspective. Tony?
Tony Kingsley: Yes, from a launch standpoint, we think mechanically we should be able to launch relatively quickly in Germany. As I think you know, the AMNOG process, which is the reimbursement process in Germany, allows you free pricing for, I think, the first 12 months. So you can get to market while you are negotiating that, and then you may be subject to some adjustments to that later, but no, no barriers to keep us from getting on the ground relatively quickly.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Terence Flynn with Goldman Sachs.
Terence C. Flynn - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Was just wondering in terms of PEG-Avonex, can you make any comments about the tolerability of that drug relative to weekly AVONEX? And then on the patent side, anything else beyond the patent that you mentioned today that we should think about for BG-12?
Douglas Edward Williams: This is Doug. I'll go ahead and speak to the tolerability issue. I think what we've reported thus far is that tolerability issues are pretty comparable to what's been seen with other interferons. There were some flu-like symptoms that were seen, some injection site reactions. We'll actually be reporting a lot more information at AAN. We're still in the process of doing some of that analysis work to look at things like duration of flu-like symptoms and don't have that data yet. But what I can say is that discontinuation rates were very low in the study, which would suggest that the flu-like symptoms, even if patients had them, were not an impediment to them staying on the study drug through the conduct of the clinical trial. So we feel like we've got a molecule that has a very solid efficacy profile and one that, tolerability wise, looks not dissimilar from the existing AVONEX molecule. But we'll have a lot more data for you at the AAN.
George A. Scangos: Yes, on the IP front, you can assume that there are other things that we are doing. This is obviously a very important franchise for us, and we're working on a number of factors. This -- the 480 patent is pending in the EU as well. And so we haven't spoken too much publicly about what else we're doing, so we'll leave that alone for now.
Operator: Your last question comes from the line of Marshall Urist with Morgan Stanley.
Marshall Urist - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: So a couple of things. Number one, Paul, just to clarify, I know this has been asked a couple different ways but just to be absolutely clear on guidance, so it sounds like from what you're saying, if you're guiding to 10% revenue growth on flat AVONEX and flat RITUXAN, then is it as we all try and kind of back into the TECFIDERA number, then it's basically just TYSABRI, whatever TYSABRI growth, whatever the settlement in Italy is worth incrementally? Are there -- and then so nothing else, it sounds like from your comments it's just those plus TECFIDERA to get to the 10%. And then second, just as we think about patient flow models, it sounds like you guys are thinking the discontinuation rates early on will be higher than what we saw in Phase III and then eventually that should settle or improve as the launch moves on. And then, Paul, just lastly, what are your updated thoughts on accounting also for the BG-12 milestones and royalties?
Paul J. Clancy: Yes, let me take the first and third. Probably too much of a shorthand everybody's jumping to already. So we actually do think actually TYSABRI continues in a growth year. So growth there, as well as kind of AIFA, our kind of royalty line and corporate partner revenue line actually expands a bit. So I think we're probably being a little bit more cautious and believe to be more cautious on BG-12 than kind of what -- and that has got nothing to do with the longer-term prospects of what we think about the drug over the long haul, just kind of the dynamics of the first year launch. With respect to -- I'll jump to the third part of your question, Marshall, which we expect to the accounting for the BG-12 contingent payments, no change. So that was -- we're kind of being very, very consistent with the way we've treated purchase accounting that it does not impact the non-GAAP P&L, but it certainly is something to be accounted for. It impacts the cash flow statement. They are very, very meaningful, so certainly want to be very cognizant of them.
Tony Kingsley: Marshall, it's Tony. In terms of the actual real-world experience with discount rates and compliance versus other things like that, we don't know until we get into the real world. We think we have an idea of where that will come out, but we're going to monitor it very closely, and as Paul said, we'll have programs in place to try to address issues that we see on that front. But we'll be all over it as we launch and tracking it and seeing what we can do to improve issues that come up.
Operator: We have no further questions at this time. I'll turn the call back over to our presenters for any closing remarks.
George A. Scangos: Okay. Thank you, all, for listening to the call today. I appreciate the questions, and we'll get back to work and hopefully deliver a great 2013. Thanks.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2012 Q3  (2012-10-25 08:00:00) =====
Executives: Claudine Prowse George A. Scangos - Chief Executive Officer and Director Douglas Edward Williams - Executive Vice President of Research and Development Tony Kingsley - Executive Vice President of Global Commercial Operations Paul J. Clancy - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President of Finance Alfred Sandrock - Head of Neurology Research & Development
Analysts: Eric Schmidt - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division Geoffrey C. Meacham - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Geoffrey C. Porges - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division Mark J. Schoenebaum - ISI Group Inc., Research Division Rachel L. McMinn - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Yaron Werber - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Michael J. Yee - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division Marshall Urist - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Joel D. Sendek - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division Brian Corey Abrahams - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division Thomas Wei - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division Charles Anthony Butler - Barclays Capital, Research Division Marko K. Kozul - Leerink Swann LLC, Research Division
Operator: Good morning, my name is Melissa, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Biogen Idec Third Quarter Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. Ms. Claudine Prowse, Vice President, Investor Relations, you may begin your conference.
Claudine Prowse: Thank you, Melissa. And welcome to Biogen Idec's Third Quarter 2012 Earnings Conference Call. Before we begin, please visit the Investors section of biogenidec.com to find our press release and related financial tables including a reconciliation of the non-GAAP financial measures that we'll discuss today. Our GAAP financial results are summarized in Tables 1 and 2. Table 3 includes a reconciliation of the GAAP to non-GAAP results, which we believe provides additional insight into the ongoing economics and reflects how we manage the business internally. We have also posted slides on our website that follow the discussions related to this call. I would like to point out that we will be making forward-looking statements which are based on our current intent, belief and expectations. These statements are subject to certain risks and uncertainties, and I encourage everyone to consult the risk factors described in our SEC filings for additional detail. Actual results could differ materially from our expectations. Today on the call, I'm joined by Dr. George Scangos, Chief Executive Officer; Dr. Doug Williams, Executive Vice President of Research and Development; Tony Kingsley, Executive Vice President of Global Commercial Operations; and Paul Clancy, Executive Vice President of Finance and Chief Financial Officer. We'll also be joined for the Q&A portion of the call by Dr. Al Sandrock, Senior Vice President of Development Sciences and Chief Medical Officer. Now I'll turn the call over to George.
George A. Scangos: Okay, thanks, Claudine, and good morning, everyone. Our strong momentum continued into the third quarter. We delivered 6% revenue growth to $1.4 billion, managed our expenses and continued to advance the late-stage pipeline. As you can see from the press release, we had a very solid quarter across the products and delivered strong earnings growth to the bottom line. Non-GAAP EPS was $1.91, up 19% year-over-year, although this number was bolstered by a onetime item of $32 million relating to the monetization of our royalty and other rights related to Benlysta. The AVONEX business continued to deliver improved contribution driven by share performance within the ABCRE class both inside and outside of the U.S. The AVONEX PEN, designed to improve the self-injection experience, renewed physician interest and helped to maintain share of voice and awareness of the brand in a competitive market. We continued to see steady year-over-year growth in TYSABRI units both in and outside of the U.S. Awareness remains high for our risk stratification tools and we're seeing nice growth in testing volumes. The key attribute of TYSABRI continues to be strong efficacy. We believe the investments we're making in the product risk stratification will keep the growth trajectory moving in the right direction. We also made progress with our late-stage pipeline. We were delighted to announce positive top line results from our registrational study for Factor IX in Hemophelia B and we're expecting results for Factor VIII in the near future. Last week, the FDA informed us of an extended PDUFA date for BG-12 to allow more time for the review of the new drug application. The extended PDUFA date is now in late March. Additional studies were not requested, and we continue to work with the agency to facilitate the review. And while this 3-month delay is, of course, disappointing, our view of the potential of BG-12 to benefit patients with MS has not changed. Awareness remains high, aided by the recent publication of BG-12's pivotal data in the New England Journal of Medicine. These studies, which form the foundation of the regulatory filings, support BG-12's potential as a new oral option for MS treatment. Earlier this month, we also shared more than 50 company- and partner-sponsored presentations at the ECTRIMS meeting in Lyon, France. These presentations included data reaffirming the powerful efficacy of TYSABRI; AVONEX's 16-year history as a proven and effective, safe MS therapy; analysis of pool data from the Phase III DEFINE and CONFIRM trials of oral BG-12, as well as supporting data on daclizumab and anti-LINGO as possible treatments for MS. I think the breadth of our presence and the presentations highlight our continuing leadership in MS and our commitment to bring better medicines to patients in all segments of the market: the well-established injectables, the high-efficacy segment, as well as the growing oral segment. So with those highlights, I'll now turn the call over to Doug Williams to take you through the pipeline advances in more detail.
Douglas Edward Williams: Thanks, George. During Q3, we continued to made progress on several fronts with our R&D programs. These advances should position the company for substantial future growth. Let me begin by focusing on our late-stage pipeline. Last month, we announced positive top line results from B-LONG, the registrational study of our recombinant long-lasting Factor IX. Let me briefly summarize the study objectives and top line results from the study. Primary objectives of the B-LONG study were to assess the safety and tolerability of long-lasting Factor IX, efficacy in all treatment arms of the study and a comparison of the annualized bleed rates or ABR between the episodic treatment arm of the study and the weekly and individualized prophylaxis arms of the study. The results showed that, compared to the episodic treatment arm of the study, the ABR of the weekly or individualized dosing arms of the study showed reductions in ABR, where the overall median ABR was 2.95 in the weekly prophylaxis arm, 1.38 in the individualized prophylaxis arm and 17.69 in the episodic treatment arm. Greater than 90% of bleeding episodes that occurred were controlled by a single injection of long-lasting Factor IX. Importantly, at least half of the subjects achieved a dosing interval of 14 days or more in the individualized prophylaxis arm. No patients developed inhibitors to Factor IX and there were no cases of anaphylaxis. Long-lasting Factor IX was generally well tolerated in the study. While there's still ongoing analysis being done with the B-LONG study, we're now working very hard to complete our regulatory submission for filing in the first quarter of 2013. We look forward to sharing with you top line results from A-LONG, the registrational study for our recombinant long-lasting Factor VIII, in the near future. Moving now to our late-stage neurology franchise. We showcased the interim results from ENDORSE as a late-breaking presentation at the ECTRIMS meeting. ENDORSE is a double-blinded Phase III extension study evaluating the long-term safety and efficacy of BG-12 at a dose of 240 milligrams BID or TID. At the time of the analysis, ENDORSE had enrolled over 1,700 patients with relapsing-remitting MS who had completed the DEFINE or CONFIRM studies. In ENDORSE, the safety profile for patients was generally consistent with that of DEFINE and CONFIRM and no new safety issues were identified in subjects who continued on BG-12 or were treated for more than 2 years. The incidence of serious infections was low, consistent with DEFINE and CONFIRM, and there were no opportunistic infections in patients treated long term with BG-12. The types and frequency of malignancies that were observed in the treatment groups were expected in the population under study. This trial will continue until our expected completion date in 2016. In a second late-breaking presentation at ECTRIMS, we highlighted primary efficacy results from SELECTION, the one-year extension study of SELECT, the first registrational study of daclizumab HYP or DAC. The results of SELECTION supported the positive findings seen in SELECT and indicated DAC's clinical effect was sustained through the second year of therapy. Safety results of SELECTION showed that the safety profile of DAC was similar in years 1 and 2 of therapy. Moving on to TYSABRI. We continue to build and improve upon our risk stratification tools. The generation 2 assay was launched in Europe earlier this year and we anticipate launching it in the U.S. in the coming months. This assay will provide for improved sensitivity and specificity to detect patients with low levels of JCV-specific antibodies. Looking ahead to the remainder of 2012, we expect to share top line results from A-LONG, the registrational study of long-lasting Factor VIII, in the near future; and the Phase III study of PEGylated interferon beta-1a in relapsing MS in early 2013. For EMPOWER, which is the Phase III study of dexpramipexole in ALS, the study remains blinded and we expect top line data readout by late this year or early next year. In late September, the last patient completed 12 months of treatment in EMPOWER. As a result, all clinical sites are now actively working to evaluate all patients still active in the trial for the final study visit. That timing of these visits will drive the timing of the top line data readout. I look forward to providing you with updates on our progress for our late-stage programs in the coming quarters. Turning now to the early-stage pipeline in research. I'm pleased to announce that we enrolled our first patient this past quarter in the Phase II study of anti-TWEAK for lupus nephritis and the Phase Ib study for BIIB037 for Alzheimer's disease. The TWEAK program will examine the impact on renal function of treatment with a neutralizing antibody against TWEAK in combination with standard of care. The TWEAK molecule is associated with renal flares in lupus nephritis patients and the absence of immune effects of TWEAK make this an ideal molecule to combine with current standard of care treatments, such as CellCept, which are profoundly immunosuppressive. Our BIIB037 program is a multiple ascending dose Phase Ib study of our anti-beta-amyloid antibody in patients with Alzheimer's disease. The study will examine the reduction of beta-amyloid by imaging to define the optimal dose for future studies. Proof-of-concept studies for anti-LINGO are expected to begin dosing in the fourth quarter of this year for optic neuritis and the second half of next year for relapsing and progressive forms of MS. Finally, we've decided with our partner, Portola Pharmaceuticals, not to proceed with the planned Phase IIa trial in RA because the lead compound did not meet the stringent target product profile to be competitive in this specific market. We're continuing to do exploratory work in allergic asthma as a possible indication for the lead molecule and are focusing on additional 6 selective backup compounds for what we believe is a key pathway in chronic autoimmune and inflammatory diseases. We also took steps in the quarter to strengthen our discovery research capabilities through restructuring and reallocation of resources to support those early stage activities. These steps are consistent with the strategic priorities of the R&D group which I laid out in some detail at the Analyst Day in June. With that, I'll now pass the call over to Tony.
Tony Kingsley: Thank you, Doug. Solid execution of our product strategies drove 6% revenue growth in the third quarter. Global AVONEX revenues increased 8%, driven by a 5% units increase year-over-year, as we continued to experience competitive share performance within the ABCRE class across markets. We continue to be pleased with the uptake of the AVONEX PEN and believe strong commercial execution is driving strong performance. Convenience is an important differentiator in the ABCRE class, and as a once-weekly treatment, AVONEX has become a compelling choice for both patients and physicians. During the third quarter, more than 2/3 of all new AVONEX starts in the U.S. have been with the PEN. We've also seen strong conversion from the prefilled syringe to the PEN, which we believe will benefit longer-term retention. Similarly, we've seen significant interest in the AVOSTARTGRIP as over 2/3 of all new starts on AVONEX in the third quarter titrated with the AVOSTARTGRIP. Outside of the U.S., AVONEX remains the prominent MS therapy and we maintained our leading market share position. Unit growth in these markets was strong, increasing 8% year-over-year. Similar to the U.S., the AVONEX PEN is continuing to drive strong unit demand across Europe. Moving on to TYSABRI. Third quarter global TYSABRI units increased 9% versus prior year. We experienced strong unit growth both in the U.S. and outside the U.S., with TYSABRI units growing 10% and 8%, respectively, in the third quarter versus prior year. We are seeing solid growth in new patients, with 2,100 added during the third quarter. We're pleased with the execution of our commercial strategy. TYSABRI's core efficacy message continues to resonate with physicians and risk stratification and the use of the JCV assay continue to build physician belief in TYSABRI's benefit-risk profile. We see testing volumes growing nicely. Physicians are increasingly testing new candidates for TYSABRI. And we see greater confidence in moving the product earlier in the treatment paradigm. During the quarter, U.S. discontinuations rates remained stable quarter-over-quarter and TOUCH forms for newly diagnosed patients increased to the low double digits, providing confidence in our commercial strategy. In Europe, the rollout of the second-generation assay has contributed to a moderate increase in discontinuations. While we believe that TYSABRI will continue to see periods of lumpiness in net patient adds, we believe we will continue to see an overall solid growth trajectory. While we were obviously disappointed by the PDUFA extension in the U.S. for BG-12, we feel well prepared as we continue to invest in prelaunch preparations and detailed tactical planning. We are also accelerating our commercial activities for the hemophilia franchise given the recent positive readout in Factor IX and in anticipation of the upcoming Factor VIII readout. We have a strong nucleus of commercial leadership in place and we'll continue to build out the team, infrastructure and supply chain necessary for a successful launch. The hemophilia market will be a new market for Biogen Idec, but we understand the requirements for commercial success as we continue to build awareness, establish trust and credibility and attract world-class talent. We believe our commercial momentum is solid. We are executing our strategy successfully and believe we are well prepared for potential upcoming launches. With that, I'll hand the call over to Paul.
Paul J. Clancy: Thanks, Tony. Our GAAP diluted earnings per share were $1.67 in the third quarter. The primary differences between our GAAP and non-GAAP results are outlined in the earnings presentation and include $51 million related to the amortization of acquired intangibles, $10 million in fair value adjustments for contingent consideration and $8 million related to the research restructuring executed in the quarter. This was partially offset by the tax impact on these items. Non-GAAP diluted earnings per share were $1.91, up 19%. As George noted, this quarter we favorably benefited from the $32 million recognized from the sale of our royalty and other rights related to Benlysta. In addition, as a result of our decision not to move the Syk Inhibitor program into Phase II, we did not incur the previously anticipated $23 million milestone payment. Let me walk through the financial results now. Q3 AVONEX worldwide revenue was strong, growing 8% to $736 million. In the U.S., AVONEX grew 12% to $462 million. U.S. unit volume increased 1% versus prior year and was up 2% versus last quarter. Inventory in the wholesale channel ended at slightly less than 2 weeks, a modest increase compared to the prior quarter. As we mentioned last quarter, there may still be some AVONEX stocking in the retail outlets to likely balance the demand for the prefilled syringe in PEN. As a result, we cautiously believe that there could be excess inventory in the retail channel that may unwind over the next couple quarters. Internationally, the underlying AVONEX business is strong as units increased 8% year-over-year. International AVONEX revenue was $274 million in the quarter, an increase of 1% compared to third quarter of 2011. Foreign exchange was a meaningful headwind for the quarter, weakening AVONEX revenue by $29 million. This was offset by a $9 million hedge gain, as compared to a $9 million hedge loss in Q3 2011. AVONEX international revenues were also impacted by certain modest price reductions across a few select countries and a mix shift to lower-priced distributor markets. TYSABRI worldwide end market sales were $404 million, an increase of 3% year-over-year. Biogen Idec recorded TYSABRI product revenues of $275 million. In the U.S., TYSABRI product revenue to Biogen Idec grew 15% to $98 million. Q3 international TYSABRI product revenues were down 8% to $177 million, while units increased 8%. The disconnect between unit and revenue growth was driven by approximately $14 million of deferred revenue in our Italian affiliate and the impact of foreign exchange. FX for the third quarter weakened TYSABRI international revenue by $19 million versus prior year. We offset this by a $30 million gain from hedging compared to a $2 million hedge loss in the prior year. U.S. RITUXAN sales were $787 million, up 7% versus prior year. RITUXAN continues to experience continued penetration in NHL maintenance setting and further uptake in CLL. Our U.S. profit share from that business was $259 million. Royalties and profit share on sales of Rituximab outside the U.S. were $29 million. The result was $288 million of revenue from unconsolidated joint business. FAMPYRA revenue was $12 million for the quarter. Recall that the GBA gave FAMPYRA a level 5 rating and provided a range of approximately EUR 1,000 to EUR 3,000 per year as the price that they're willing to reimburse. We're currently in price negotiations with the German authorities and expect a resolution in early 2013. As of August 1, we've been recording FAMPYRA revenue at a net price that assumes the lower end of the range and we'll continue to do so until the final price is established. Royalties were $47 million and we recorded $12 million of corporate partner revenue in the quarter. Now turning to the expense lines on the non-GAAP P&L. Q3 cost of goods sold were $139 million or 10% of revenues. The increase in COGS year-over-year was driven by higher AVONEX revenue, higher cost of the AVONEX PEN, nurse training fees and an increased funding related to the JCV assay. Q3 R&D expense was $296 million or 21% of revenues, lower than anticipated due to the timing of certain clinical trial expenses and the avoidance of the expected $23 million payment for the Syk program. Our research spend was also temporarily down during the quarter due to the research restructuring. Q3 SG&A expense was $298 million or 22% of revenues, an increase of 15% over last year as we prepared for potential commercial launches. Collaboration profit sharing line totaled $76 million. We now have a new line item on the P&L, as you may have noticed, called "gain on sale of rights." Prior to this quarter, we're eligible to receive low royalty from GSK in each GSI on global sales of Benlysta. We sold our Benlysta royalty and other rights to a DRI Capital-managed fund. DRI will now pay us a multiple of those royalties for the period covering October 2011 through the third quarter of 2014. This will be recorded on the gain of sale of rights line. During this quarter, we received $32 million from DRI, representing essentially 3 quarters of activity. We expect quarterly payments through the third quarter of 2014 as a gain on the P&L to be less than the amount paid this quarter, independent on the uptake of Benlysta. Other income and expense was a loss of $5 million in Q3. Our Q3 non-GAAP tax rate was 24.2%. In the third quarter, our weighted average diluted shares were 238 million. And we ended the quarter with $3.3 billion in cash and marketable securities, of which approximately 1/3 is outside the U.S. This brings us to our non-GAAP diluted earnings per share which were $1.91 in the quarter, an increase of 19% year-over-year. Now I'll turn to our updated full year 2012 financial guidance. Overall, we're raising our full year guidance to close to a double-digit increase in non-GAAP earnings. This has been a year characterized by very solid commercial performance on our core products, coupled with meaningful investments to mature the late-stage pipeline and prepare for potential product launches. We expect full year revenue growth of mid-to high single digits, a modest improvement over prior guidance. While we're working to resolve the IE for TYSABRI claim in Italy, our current guidance does not include a resolution in 2012. Regarding FAMPYRA, as I previously mentioned, the balance of the year assumes revenues recorded at the lower end of the GBA range. Our full year forecast also assumes a modest slowing of U.S. RITUXAN revenues in the fourth quarter due to wholesale dynamics, which is characteristic of past year-end trends. Our expense targets are largely on track to our original full year business plan: cost of sales expected to be between 9% and 10% of total revenue; R&D, expected to be between 24% and 25% of revenue. Our R&D forecast includes approximately $20 million to $30 million of an upfront payment in the fourth quarter earmarked for a discovery collaboration which we're in the process of negotiating. Additionally, we expect to incur some supply chain spending related to dexpramipexole to be prepared in the event of a positive readout. SG&A is expected to be between 22% and 23% of total revenue. During the fourth quarter, expect meaningful increase in investment for prelaunch activity, building out our customer-facing resources, product positioning and promotional planning, scientific outreach, preparing the patient services organization and readying our supply chain and distribution organization. This spending is purposely back-end loaded as we get closer to the potential BG-12 launch. We put our Denmark manufacturing facility into service during the month of September, which is a very positive milestone. And we'll seek formal regulatory approval for TYSABRI supply in mid-2013. The short-term P&L impact of this was a change from capitalizing interest to expensing it. This will result in approximately $7 million of noncash expense in the fourth quarter which will be recorded on the OI&E line. We expect our tax expense in 2012 to be between 23% and 25% of pretax income. As a result, we now anticipate non-GAAP earnings per share to be between $6.40 and $6.50 and GAAP earnings per share to be between $5.63 and $5.73, an increase from previous guidance by approximately $0.20. This is due to the combination of the gain from the Benlysta-related transaction and the strength in the core business. As you likely noted, we expect our third quarter earnings per share to be the high watermark for the year, and the fourth quarter, conversely to be the low watermark. This is due to the many of the P&L items I've highlighted, included the significant prelaunch activity in the fourth quarter, the potential research collaboration highlighted, the step-down of the Benlysta-related gain and the interest expense related to the Denmark manufacturing facility. So this was a solid quarter, and while we have an additional quarter to go, we're positioned nicely for a successful year. I'll hand the call over to George for his closing comments.
George A. Scangos: Okay, thanks, Paul. So look, as you can see, during the quarter we made excellent progress across our financial, commercial, R&D objectives for the year. And it's an exciting time for us as we look to close out the year and move into 2013. We had a positive result for the long-lasting blood Factor IX for Hemophelia B and have 3 more pivotal trial data readouts ahead of us: Factor VIII for Hemophilia A, dexpramipexole for ALS and PEGylated interferon for MS, an all-time high for by Biogen Idec and the result of the commitment and productivity of the talented employees across the organization. As we prepare for the potential of multiple product launches in the coming years, we'll continue to be vigilant, keeping a tight lid on costs while investing where necessary to ensure that we have successful launches and a pipeline that delivers sustainable growth for the future. We believe that we're on track to deliver solid revenue and EPS growth in a year in which we've had a number of pipeline successes and in which we're investing heavily for the future growth that we anticipate from our new products. And that's not an easy thing to do. I want to thank our dedicated employees who have helped us to achieve our goals, as well as patients and physicians who are always central to what we do. So with that, we'll now close our remarks and open up the call for questions. Thanks to all of you for joining us this morning.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Eric Schmidt from Cowen and Company.
Eric Schmidt - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: George, just a quick question on the BG-12 PDUFA date delay. Did you receive a reason for that delay from the FDA? Was some sort of data resubmission classified as a major amendment? And if so, what might that have been?
George A. Scangos: Yes, thanks, Eric. I'm -- why am I not surprised that's the first question? Okay, look, technically, the answer to your question is, yes, it is a major amendment. But let's understand what the term -- major amendment is kind of a term of art. So in the normal review of an FDA -- of an NDA, the FDA asks questions of the sponsor and to which the sponsor, in this case us, response in writing. So the FDA has the ability to determine that any of those responses can be classified as a major amendment. And so by doing so, the FDA extends the PDUFA date for 3 months, and as far as we know, there is no other mechanism by which the FDA can extend the PDUFA date by 3 months. So the fact that a response is classified as a major amendment doesn't necessarily mean that there are problems with the application or the drug. It can mean only that the FDA believes it needs more time to review the application, the answers to the questions, and will not be able to meet the original PDUFA date. And we believe that's the case with our application. And as you know, Eric, a 3-month extension has been applied to a lot of other compounds, including recent approvals in MS. So we believe we're on track, and we have a 3-month delay.
Eric Schmidt - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: It sounds like you were prepared for that one.
George A. Scangos: It wasn't a surprise.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Geoff Meacham from JPMorgan.
Geoffrey C. Meacham - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: I guess, just a follow-up to that and to some of Paul's questions -- or Paul's comments on the fourth quarter. Sounds like you guys are investing pretty heavily in the BG-12 infrastructure ahead of time. But maybe just give us kind of an update with where you are with respect to hiring, promotional and what sort of cost that you've already incurred and maybe the timing of when you think you'll start to roll out some of the more commercial personnel costs with respect to the launch.
Paul J. Clancy: Yes, Geoff, let -- Tony and I will try to tag-team that. So and I'm glad you asked the question because, certainly, this -- as my guidance implies, there's some lumpiness in the quarter-to-quarter trends on SG&A expense, and that's very purposeful on our end. Costs for Q3 were a little bit lower than we expected for both R&D as well as, actually, SG&A. I mean, that's just kind of the way things kind of turned out for Q3 and resulted in some pull-through on the bottom line, but we do intend -- and it's more than just the personnel costs, right? It's more than just the customer-facing resources. We do intend to, over the next 90 days, or now nearing in on the next 60 days, to really prepare for BG-12 across customer facing, medical education, scientific education, preparing the whole organization. So I think that is very consistent with what we've said over the past is this is a rare opportunity that we have. We don't want to be pennywise and pound foolish, so we'll put kind of the investments in as we get ready for kind of what we hope is a BG-12 launch early in the second quarter of 2013. Tony?
Tony Kingsley: Yes, thanks, Paul. So, Geoff, look, we had the plan for approval. Obviously, you'd want us to do that in resource and the critical areas for approval, particularly getting people trained and in place. So we are obviously well into that ramp for the right reason, but we also planned for the contingency. So we will have to adjust, redeploy and look to manage discretionary spend in the light of this delay and manage the ramp over time. So that's what we will do tactically at this point.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Geoffrey Porges from Bernstein.
Geoffrey C. Porges - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: And just to follow up on some of the commercial comments rubbed [ph] and BG-12. First, could you just help us reconcile TYSABRI? The patient growth trend looks like it's in the high teens year-over-year. And I know there are some onetime items in there, so if you could just sort of bridge us back to that patient growth trend. And secondly, could you let us know about the pricing? You mentioned a couple of negative pricing effects for AVONEX. Could you give us a little bit more detail about the magnitude and whether that's likely to continue to play through the results for the immediate future?
Tony Kingsley: Yes, thanks, Geoffrey. It's Tony. So on the numbers, TYSABRI is never an exact straight line between patients, units, et cetera. We have seen, we think, you look at U.S. and Europe, solid unit growth year-on-year and solid patient growth year-on-year. But as Paul will talk to, the impact outside the U.S. was more pricing, particularly IEFA and some FX issues.
Paul J. Clancy: Yes. And just to add, Geoff. And I think this is a probably continued commentary from our partners' conversation yesterday. Most of the imprecision, if you will, is rest of world patients, right? We have pretty darn good visibility, we think, driven by the TOUCH program in the United States for the patient calculation. Outside the United States, it really is -- and I apologize if we presented it as if it's precise data, but outside the United States, it's a combination of registries in certain countries, literally unit triangulation in other countries where we don't have registries. So I don't -- and we adjust those as we look backwards. I don't think that, as we do that and we look back, it has at all changed the fundamental story. The disconnect outside the United States between units, patients can be driven by what we just talked about, the imprecision of the data. It could be driven by compliance, which we don't think is a big deal, right? We've seen that in past years with TYSABRI, with drug holidays, suspension. We're not sensing that outside the United States and in Europe. And then it can be driven by inventory in parallel trade dynamics in Europe specifically. We do know of some parallel trade issues in the quarter that we work extremely hard, like any other biopharmaceutical company, to try to limit those, but there were some dynamics. And what ends up happening is units show up in one quarter versus -- as opposed to the other quarter from a patient perspective. The second part of your question, Geoff, was designed around AVONEX. I'd underscore, it was modest price reductions. We had seen some price reductions driven by austerity measures in 2010, 2011. Spain was one of those, as we pointed out in our SEC filings. This quarter, the most notable one was France where just kind of normal kind of price conversations with France resulted in a little bit of a low-single-digit decline in AVONEX price there. But I think we're weathering through that quite well in the aggregate.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mark Schoenebaum from ISI Group.
Mark J. Schoenebaum - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: First one is, did you guys submit any -- maybe it's for Al, I guess. I mean, did you guys submit any FUMADERM data in your BG-12 regulatory package, either in the EU or in Europe? And then on dexpramipexole, hey, Al, we all understand statistical significance if you hit your p value or not. But assuming you hit your p value, what do you think the data need to show so that the ALS community will really view the drug as a really important breakthrough and that would then allow you to get, perhaps, MS-type pricing?
Douglas Edward Williams: Yes. Mark, this is Doug. So with respect to the first question, I'll take that, and then I'll pass it off to Al to address the question about ALS. With respect to FUMADERM, these are 2 different drugs, as we've been maintaining all along. FUMADERM is a mix of fumaric acid esters and BG-12 is dimethyl fumarate in a different formulation. So obviously, the regulators are aware of the data around FUMADERM, particularly in Germany which is where that drug is approved for psoriasis. But 2 different drugs in different populations of patients with different comorbidities, so no, it's not necessarily relevant, we believe, to the BG-12 situation.
Alfred Sandrock: Mark, on the dex question, the primary endpoint basically has 2 components: the functional rating scale and survival. And you'd kind of have to break it down to the -- into the both -- into the 2 components in order to know whether or not it's clinically meaningful. So on the ALSFRS, the community, the ALS physicians have decided that a change of greater than 20%, so a greater-than-20% change in the slope of decline is considered clinically meaningful. And then on the survival, Riluzole is sort of a benchmark for survival. As you know, in the States, Riluzole is not very commonly used, although in Europe and in Japan, it's quite commonly used. And Riluzole had about a 3-month extension of survival on average, and so I think that that's certainly a benchmark that people will use.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Rachel McMinn from Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Rachel L. McMinn - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Yes, I just wanted to follow up on a comment, Paul, I think you made about dex, that you're building up manufacturing there. Is there anything that you're seeing in the blinded data that would cause you to do that to give you more confidence? Or is it really just a hedging strategy? And then I was curious, separately if you could talk about the XenoPort product, Al or Doug, if you had a view of that being competitive with BG-12 based on the early Phase I data.
Paul J. Clancy: Yes, Rachel, I'll start with the first part of the question. So it has nothing to do with the data. I don't have any -- that information at all. And it's -- I'm glad you asked because we'd hate to have it be read that way at all. The basic thinking is that, if this trial is a positive trial in this disease and in this patient population, it's such a high unmet need, that we need to be prepared for that. I mean and we're going -- we would need to be prepared for a potential relatively quick review and the potential to supply patients even before that in some form or fashion. So that's -- and into -- the lead time, otherwise, even for a product like dex, is well beyond. We'd need to start it now. So that, we've taken on as what we call at-risk spending. It hits the P&L. We can't capitalize inventory until we get to a Phase III readout. So that literally is just our thinking around in case this is a positive readout. From a commercial perspective, we've paused with respect to a lot of dex -- we're doing a little bit of work there but we haven't done it to -- certainly to the magnitude that we're doing in BG-12. And -- but we think that, if it's positive, we will quickly be able to turn on the dime there.
Douglas Edward Williams: And Rachel, this is Doug. With respect to XenoPort, obviously we're aware of the data. We've been tracking what XenoPort has been doing with that compound, and we feel very confident in BG-12. We've got very large data set that we've accumulated in the Phase III program and now supplemented that with the ENDORSE results that we presented at ECTRIMS, which further extends the safety experience with that drug. So that, plus the fact that we have our own life cycle management activities going on that we feel good about, I think we feel like we're in a great position.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Yaron Werber from Citi.
Yaron Werber - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: So I have 2 questions. One, just -- I don't know if you can answer, but maybe if you can just give us a little bit of a sense. Gilenya's price came out much higher than was expected; Aubagio's pricing is pretty good. How are you guys thinking about BG-12 versus these 2 drugs? And then I had a follow-on for Paul also.
Tony Kingsley: Yaron, it's Tony. So we are thinking hard about it.
Yaron Werber - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Can you let us know how hard and in which direction?
Tony Kingsley: We'll think about it right up until the day we price. Look, I think we've said in the past it's unwise to comment on any kind of detail on pricing strategy. We're looking very closely at what's happening to the category and we're going to just try to strike the right balance.
Yaron Werber - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: I mean, when we calculate the data and from different sources, we're getting to around a 30% gross to net. Does that make sense to you in MS? And how fast do you need to discount until you're going to see sort of a gross-to-net for BG-12 once it launches?
Paul J. Clancy: Yaron, this is Paul. It actually -- it's a function of a bunch of different things, including the channel dynamics and as well as the government mix in that product. I mean, MS isn't going to be that different product to product to product. But the government part of the business, as you know, in the United States is limited to the kind of a -- essentially a CPI index. So and I guess the other big factor is the percentage of the business or the products business that is helping to support unemployed people in patient-set need. So I mean, I'd just pause to say it's -- that is -- that probably isn't too far off the mark, but it can change product to product.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your next question comes from the line of Michael Yee from RBC Capital Markets.
Michael J. Yee - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: My question actually is on the BG-12 European submission. Can you remind us where you are there and that have you gotten 120-, 180-day questions? And in relation to that, the delay that you got in the U.S., was that actually a submission of data or any sort of submission of safety that triggered it? Or is it just simply a response to questions? I wasn't really clear on that.
George A. Scangos: Well, in Europe, we submitted soon after we submitted in the United States earlier this year, in late February-March time frame, and we're on track. We're not going to comment on -- we're having the normal regulatory interactions. We're basically on track.
Douglas Edward Williams: And as far as the second question. This is Doug. As George described earlier in the call, this was just sort of normal course of business in terms of responding to questions from FDA. And so they determined, based on the back and forth, that essentially they needed more time to review the file.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Marshall Urist from Morgan Stanley.
Marshall Urist - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: So just maybe you could comment on the BG-12 IP strategy, when we might learn a little bit more about the strategy around some of the longer patents that you guys have referenced either from an application or issuance perspective and kind of where we are with that. And then just second, on Hemophelia, given that we've seen B-Long, maybe it'd be helpful if you guys could characterize what your thinking would be good data from A-LONG particularly in terms of dosing frequency.
Paul J. Clancy: Thanks, Marshall. This is Paul. I'll try to address the IP situation. Nothing terribly new to report with respect to where we think we are -- stand in the EU, as well as in the United States with the 999 patents and the 5 years of data exclusivity even underneath that. I think what you're mostly referring to is our -- what we've done is file for a formulation patent that has the potential to extend it out much later than that. That has been filed over the last year and we don't have visibility and probably won't for a little bit of time in terms of the ruling on that.
Douglas Edward Williams: And Marshall, this is Doug. Just speaking to your question about success in the Hemophilia A study. We haven't really quantified that, I think, in terms of, say, a target product profile with percentage of patients and frequency of dosing. But I'd just take you back to the Phase I/II experience where that change in half-life translates to somewhere on the order of 50 to 80 fewer infusions for a patient with Hemophilia A. If we can replicate that in the Phase III experience, I think we'll feel very good about the product and what its potential is in the marketplace.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Joel Sendek from Stifel, Nicolaus.
Joel D. Sendek - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: I have also a question on Hemophelia. So you said, for the next study for the Factor VIII study in the near future. Can we interpret that to be this year for the data? And if that's the case, would you be on track -- if it's positive, would you be on track to file in the first quarter? And can you give us any more details around what -- beyond your prepared comments on how you're preparing for the launch.
Douglas Edward Williams: Well, I'll take the first 2, and it's fairly easy. The answer is yes and yes. And I'll sort of defer the question on the commercial preparation to Tony.
Tony Kingsley: Yes. Thanks, Joel. So we have focused, not surprisingly, on the long lead time thing. So where we've added commercial focus is on thinking about product positioning and how to build awareness over time, thinking about health economics data, et cetera. We're obviously still a long way from adding true customer-facing resources, but distribution strategy, patient services strategy, that's all the stuff we're thinking, with kind of a core central theme. And then as we get closer to launch, when we get there, we'll obviously build out the customer-facing stuff.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Brian Abrahams from Wells Fargo Securities.
Brian Corey Abrahams - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: With the BG-12 time line pushed out, I'm just wondering if you might be able to get the aspirin and/or titration studies on the initial label now. And also wondering, might you actually be able to derive some synergies from a closer alignment of the U.S. and European commercial launches? And then just separately, on TYSABRI, is there any defined process we can look towards for that dispute resolution in Italy, any timetable? I know you said, unlikely this year. But how should we be thinking about that going forward?
Paul J. Clancy: Okay, our pencils are scribbling away at your 1, 2 and 3 questions there, Brian...
Douglas Edward Williams: I'll take the number one, Paul, which is the aspirin study. No, we don't anticipate that we will be able to add that into the initial filing. There's no mechanism where we can do that.
Paul J. Clancy: And then I think the other thought you had, Brian, were synergies that, now that you appropriately kind of have the math right that there is closer alignment between the U.S. FDA approval and the EU approval. I think the way to think about that, though, is that they're modest. Outside, in Europe in particular, as you know, there's approval and then it's country-by-country rollout. So certainly, Germany likely is going to be one of the first and the normal, as you would think. And the last question, Brian, I think you had was around IEFA timing. We, as our partner, we're frustrated and disappointed that we weren't able to get it done this year. It's still not over, right? It's just that's the guidance that we have built into the financials and want to have that for expectations. I think that's appropriate. As we move into 2013, it certainly -- we -- certainly, that is a big objective of ours.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Thomas Wei from Jefferies.
Thomas Wei - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: On SG&A, with the third quarter SG&A number coming in a little bit lighter than the whole Street had expected, that makes the 4Q SG&A larger than what we had modeled. And at the midpoint of the guidance that you've given on SG&A, it looks like that -- basically, that number times 4 would get you to the SG&A consensus for 2013. And so I just wanted to understand a little bit better: Should we assume that, as you actually go into 2013 and there are actual product launches underway, there should be a very healthy increase in those costs beyond what the run rate is in the fourth quarter?
Paul J. Clancy: Yes, Thomas, thank you. This is Paul. Let me give a little bit more color to help on that. A lot of the step-up, 3 to 4, some of it is labor, personnel, customer-facing costs, but a lot of it is fees and services. So we have the ability to kind of -- and we purposely wanted to throttle that a bit more, going into the fourth quarter, closer to launch. So that's a bit purposeful. So I think that's -- it's just kind of a helpful framing. It's -- and then, as it relates to 2013, I mean, quite frankly, we really need the next few months under our belt, next 3 or 4 months under our belts, which will give us a greater clarity on the next set of pivotal trial readouts. I think I've described that 2013 could be a year of launching 0, 1, 2, 3 or 4 products. And that if it's the right-hand side of that equation, it obviously puts upward pressure on SG&A for all the great -- all great reasons. And if not, it puts a little bit less of upward pressure on SG&A. So I think it's going -- as we spin into 2013, it very much is a function of the pivotal trial readouts that are upon us over the next -- this cohort of pivotal trial readouts. And we'll get -- we should get greater visibility, obviously, as we've noted, soon with respect to Factor VIII by the end of the year or early 2013, for dex. And I think -- so then, we'll be able to talk a lot more about SG&A.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Tony Butler from Barclays Capital.
Charles Anthony Butler - Barclays Capital, Research Division: I wanted to ask one question for Doug and then a couple of housekeeping, if I may. Doug, on 037, given the data that came out with Sola at ANA, and I recognize that this is a Phase I dose-ranging study with MRI endpoints, but has your thinking changed there with respect to the clinical development of 037? And then secondly, Tony, with respect to AVONEX OUS, sequentially, I recognize a tender occurred in Q2 in Brazil, but does that actually get recorded all at one time? I'm trying to understand the sequential decline x some inventory. And then finally, Paul, on Southern Europe, I recognize Italy, but did Spain pay you this quarter? Are they still on credit?
Douglas Edward Williams: Tony, it's Doug. No, it hasn't really changed our thinking about the development of our own antibody. I think we're pretty bullish on the fact that the antibody we have is distinctly different in terms of its mechanism. I think the ability to remove plaque -- beta-amyloid plaque is going to be perhaps more like the Roche antibody that's been reported out, just based on our mechanism versus the mechanism for the other antibodies. So we believe that the ability to rapidly remove beta-amyloid is going to be a benefit that our drug will demonstrate in this Phase Ib study. I think that's important in terms of demonstrating efficacy. I think you also have to take into account the population of patients that was looked at in some of the early studies. We, like everyone, are moving to an earlier population of patients, which I think is a prudent and intelligent way of approaching treatment in this patient population. So we're going about the study, and I think in a very rational and systematic way using imaging as a way of defining optimal dose for our drug to go forward into what I'd characterize as sort of proper efficacy studies where we'll be looking more carefully at endpoints like cognition. So I think we're learning from the previous studies that have been reported and trying to apply that learning to our own molecule. But we're still excited about the antibody and the prospects.
Tony Kingsley: Tony, it's Tony Kingsley. On the Brazil situation, specifically. So specialty products in Brazil are purchased centrally by the government. AVONEX falls under what's effectively an administrative tender, which is essentially kind of a once-a-year price negotiation. In fact, they end up ordering quarterly, so shipments that are actually made are done on a quarterly basis based on the government's estimate of what they will need to fill the demand in hospitals. There is sometimes some quarter-to-quarter timing just when the shipment comes based on what the government does, but it's not like an all-or-nothing tender that you see in some different places. It's largely administrative.
Paul J. Clancy: Yes, so and then just to build on -- I think what you're trying to get at is kind of the sequential AVONEX unit trend. Q2 was an extremely strong AVONEX unit, if you recall, one, for what you had noted. The second was that we actually benefited in Q2 from a refill from the product supply issue that we had in Q1. So we're -- the net of that is, hey, we're very pleased with our AVONEX unit trend as we swing through a year-to-date basis outside the United States. The other part of your question, I believe, was with respect to accounts receivable in Southern Europe. The second quarter was a very strong payment from Spain as many pharmaceutical companies -- so we benefited from that as well. The third quarter, I think, Spain has kind of gone back to what was more traditional over the last year or 2. We remain at those -- the 3 countries in Southern Europe: Italy, Spain and Portugal, as our areas of key focus from an accounts receivable perspective. We have, in aggregate, a little bit over $200 million of accounts receivable in those 3 countries. And I think, as people know, in Greece we're actually on a cash basis, with a distributor relationship there. So it's -- for us, it's centered in on those 3.
Operator: Your last question comes from the line of Marko Kozul from Leerink Swann.
Marko K. Kozul - Leerink Swann LLC, Research Division: I think there was a previous question on dexpramipexole and pricing. Just wanted to come back to that and ask what your thinking is, if you did show a 20% or 30% decline in the slope of the ALSFRS. And then my question was actually regarding daclizumab, if you could give us an update on the Phase III study and how you think the drug could be positioned, if approved, in future years?
Tony Kingsley: So it's Tony. Let me comment on the pricing for dexpramipexole. Look, obviously, we look at all sorts of analogies, but there are huge swings based on what the data says. It'd be very difficult to try to center it on what makes sense. Well, we're obviously looking closely at it, looking at the obvious analogies, but I still think there's a lot of question on the table of what the data will say.
Alfred Sandrock: On daclizumab, the Phase III trial is fully enrolled. It's a 2-year trial so we expect the readout in 2014. The -- in terms of positioning, I mean, we'll have to see what the data shows, but in the first registrational study we saw a very strong effect on disability progression, which was unexpected and it was actually significant and also a good affect also on relapse rate and on MRI endpoints. So and also, you combine that with month-to-month subcutaneous dosing. So we'll see what the Phase III data shows in 2014.
George A. Scangos: Okay. I think our hour is up. Thanks to all of you for spending an hour. And we're -- I'll just sum up and say, look, we're very excited about where we are. I think we've got a great few months coming up ahead of us, a lot of data readouts. And base business continues to do well, so we're -- I think we're in a good place. So thanks to all of you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2012 Q2  (2012-07-24 08:00:00) =====
Executives: Wendy Gabel George A. Scangos - Chief Executive Officer and Director Douglas Edward Williams - Executive Vice President of Research and Development Tony Kingsley - Executive Vice President of Global Commercial Operations Paul J. Clancy - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President of Finance Alfred Sandrock - Head of Neurology Research & Development
Analysts: Brian Corey Abrahams - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division Geoffrey C. Porges - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division Matthew Roden - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Marshall Urist - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Navdeep Singh - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Rachel L. McMinn - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Mark J. Schoenebaum - ISI Group Inc., Research Division Eric Schmidt - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division Geoffrey C. Meacham - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Yaron Werber - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Ravi Mehrotra - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division Michael J. Yee - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division Charles Anthony Butler - Barclays Capital, Research Division Thomas Wei - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division M. Ian Somaiya - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division
Operator: Good morning. My name is Sarah, and I'll be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Biogen Idec Q2 2012 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to turn the call over to Wendy Gabel, Vice President, Investor Relations. Ms. Gabel, you may begin your conference.
Wendy Gabel: Thank you, Sarah, and welcome to Biogen Idec's Second Quarter 2012 Earnings Conference Call. Before we begin, I encourage everyone to go to the Investors section of biogenidec.com to find the press release and related financial tables, including a reconciliation of the non-GAAP financial measures that we'll discuss today. Our GAAP financials are provided in Tables 1 and 2. Table 3 includes a reconciliation of the GAAP to non-GAAP results, which we believe better represents the ongoing economics of our business and reflects how we manage the business internally. We have also posted slides on our website that follow the discussions related to this call. As usual, we'll start with the Safe Harbor statement. Comments made in this conference call include forward-looking statements that are subject to risks and uncertainties. Words, such as believe, expect, may, plan, will and similar expressions are intended to identify such statements. Actual results could differ materially from our expectations, and you should carefully review the risks and uncertainties that are described in our earnings slides, earnings release and in the Risk Factors section of our most recent annual and quarterly reports filed with the SEC. We do not undertake any obligation to publicly update any forward-looking statements. Today on the call, I'm joined by Dr. George Scangos, Chief Executive Officer; Dr. Doug Williams, Executive Vice President of Research and Development; Tony Kingsley, Executive Vice President of Global Commercial Operations; and Paul Clancy, Executive Vice President of Finance and Chief Financial Officer. I'll also be joined for the Q&A portion of the call by Dr. Al Sandrock, Senior Vice President of Development Sciences and Chief Medical Officer. Now I'll turn the call over to George.
George A. Scangos: Okay, thank you, Wendy, and good morning, everyone. We had an excellent second quarter, and we're on track to achieve our financial business and R&D goals for the year. Revenues and earnings for the quarter were solid. Costs were in line with expectations. We continue to make headway preparing for the approval and launch of BG-12. We completed enrollment in the trials for long-lasting Factor VIII and Factor IX and expect to have top line data within the next several months. We continue to expect data for dexpramipexole in ALS later this year, and we made real progress advancing the rest of our pipeline as well. So some highlights for the quarter. Total revenues grew by 18% year-over-year to $1.4 billion, and non-GAAP diluted EPS were up 34% to $1.82. These numbers are a bit inflated since a year ago, we took a charge related to Genentech's arbitration with sanofi. However, even with that charge backed out, we posted solid double-digit revenue and earnings growth. AVONEX had a particularly strong quarter with revenues of $762 million, up 16% year-over-year. The introduction of the AVONEX PEN autoinjector and AVOSTARTGRIP titration dosing regimen in the U.S., as well as our continued rollout in the EU and Canada, is not only improving the AVONEX experience for patients, but also driving renewed physician interest in one of the world's most trusted MS therapies. Global in-market sales of TYSABRI grew 2% to $395 million while revenues to Biogen Idec were $280 million, which is flat compared to the second quarter last year, primarily due to the deferral of revenue in our Italian affiliate. While revenue growth slowed, TYSABRI unit sales were up 10%, as we continued to roll out risk stratification based on JC virus antibody status. Patient demand for FAMPYRA in the EU continues to be encouraging, and RITUXAN revenues from our partnership with Roche and Genentech generated $285 million for the quarter. Turning to our pipeline. We achieved a number of important milestones in the second quarter. While Doug Williams will provide more details, I wanted to highlight a few of those achievements: U.S. and EU regulatory authorities accepted our marketing applications for the review of our oral MS drug candidate, BG-12, and we submitted additional filings in Australia, Canada and Switzerland. In addition to completing the enrollment in our Phase III trials for long-lasting Factor VIII and Factor IX, we initiated 2 global pediatric clinical studies for the programs to support our global regulatory strategy. And ultimately, we hope to address the significant need for longer-acting therapies for children with hemophilia. Through a second collaboration with Isis Pharmaceuticals, we added an interesting preclinical program intended to develop and commercialize a treatment for myotonic dystrophy. This program fits squarely within our strategy to focus on highly differentiated therapies for serious unmet needs in neurology. So it was a productive quarter in which we delivered strong revenue and earnings growth while continuing to invest in the company's future success. So with that, I'll turn the call over to Doug Williams. Doug?
Douglas Edward Williams: Thanks, George. We recently had an Analyst Day that many of you attended where we discussed in detail the progress that we've made as an R&D organization over the past 1.5 years. But for those of you who weren't able to attend, let me briefly recap some of the important takeaways from that meeting. We've executed very well on our Phase III pipeline either meeting or beating our internal time lines. The same time, we've strengthened the early stage pipeline by advancing internal Phase I and Phase II candidates and bringing in 4 high-quality innovative candidates that fit squarely within our areas of strategic focus. More recently, we've stepped up the pace of revitalizing our discovery efforts. I believe that an increased focus on target identification and validation, both internally and through growing collaborations with Academia, is a key to that effort. Research into the underlying biology and genetic causes of disease points to pathways that other companies aren't already chasing and paves the way for us to discover first in class, truly novel approaches to address the difficult and devastating diseases in our sights. In short, our goal is to build a world-class R&D organization that promises to deliver significant innovation over the long term. We continued to make progress on those fronts during Q2, positioning the company to launch a series of highly differentiated new drugs that address significant unmet needs for patients and that poise the company for future growth. Starting with the late-stage pipeline, we began 2 global pediatric clinical studies, Kids A-LONG and Kids B-LONG, for our long-lasting recombinant Factor VIII and Factor IX Fc fusion proteins in hemophilia A and B. For children with hemophilia in their parents, long-lasting factor products would offer less frequent injections, which will reduce the treatment burden and potentially provide better long-term outcomes. The initiation of these studies represents an important clinical development milestone, as they're required for regulatory approval in the EU and support our broader global regulatory strategy. We expect to enroll approximately 50 patients in the Kids A-LONG trial and approximately 26 patients in the Kids B-LONG trial in sites around the world. Moving on to daclizumab. We completed enrollment in DECIDE, the second registrational trial for daclizumab in relapsing-remitting MS with more than 1,800 patients. The trial will determine whether the significant reduction in annualized relapses and disability progression seen after 1 year of treatment in the SELECT trial can be sustained or enhanced over a period of 2 years. Top line data from DECIDE is expected in 2014. I'm also pleased to announce that we enrolled our first patient this month in the Phase IIa study for STX-100 in idiopathic pulmonary fibrosis or IPF. IPF is a debilitating and almost uniformly fatal disease, in which patients experience progressive difficulty breathing due to fibrosis of the lung. More than 200,000 patients in the United States and Europe have IPF, and there's no FDA-approved treatment for the disease at this time. We expect to enroll about 30 patients at 15 U.S. sites in this study. Turning now to the early-stage pipeline in research. I'm pleased with the progress we've made in building out the early-stage pipeline over the past year. As George mentioned, we recently added a promising preclinical program targeting myotonic dystrophy or DM1 through a second collaboration with Isis. DM1 is a debilitating neuromuscular disease that affects about 150,000 people in the U.S., Europe and Japan. It's caused by a genetic defect in the dystrophia myotonica-protein kinase or DMPK gene, and there are currently no disease-modifying therapies to treat DM1. As discussed during our Analyst Day, one of our focus areas within neurology is genetically well-defined diseases. DM1 fits squarely within that particular approach. The disease is caused by the accumulation of toxic RNAs in the nucleus of affected individuals because of CTG repeats. And the Isis molecule is designed to specifically correct this accumulation. Isis is working to discover the lead drug candidate for the program, which we hope to take into Phase I next year. Consistent with my earlier comments about revitalizing discovery, last week, we announced that we entered into a consortium that brings together world-class ALS researchers from 6 institutions to obtain the complete sequence of the genomes of up to 1,000 ALS patients over 5 years. The effort should give us a deeper understanding of the fundamental genetic causes of ALS, potentially yielding new targets for therapeutic intervention or patient stratification. Biogen Idec is funding the project, which will be led from Duke University and HudsonAlpha Institute for Biotechnology and include top researchers from Columbia University, Stanford University, the University of Massachusetts Medical School and the University of Montral. We plan to supplement these activities with additional collaborations and internal efforts to better understand the cell biology of ALS. Looking ahead, we have a steady drumbeat of data readouts over the next few years, starting with long-lasting Factors VIII and IX, the first potential innovations in hemophilia treatment in more than 2 decades. Then dexpramipexole, a therapy that has the potential to be the first advance for ALS patients in more than 15 years. Those will be followed early next year with PEGylated interferon and then by a series of molecules expected to provide data and proof-of-concept studies thereafter. I look forward to providing you with updates on our progress in the coming quarters. And with that, I'll now pass the call off to Tony Kingsley.
Tony Kingsley: Thank you, Doug. In the second quarter, we had double-digit revenue growth, driven by strong execution of our product strategies. Second quarter global AVONEX units increased 11%, while revenues increased 16% versus prior year. We continue to experience share gains within the ABCRE class in both the U.S. and outside the U.S. Our strategy of focusing on first-line use and bringing convenience to the marketplace has allowed us to further differentiate AVONEX in the injectable segment, making the once weekly treatment a compelling choice for both patients and physicians. The AVONEX PEN and AVOSTARTGRIP were recently introduced to the U.S. market. The AVONEX PEN has been shown to help reduce the anxiety patients may experience while self injecting. And for patients initiating treatment, titration could reduce the incidence and severity of flu-like symptoms that they may have when beginning AVONEX therapy. We're pleased by the early indications and believe that the strong demand in the U.S. AVONEX business was a combination of both patient demand for the PEN and PEN inventory stocking relating to the recent launch. Market data also suggests there's been a strong conversion to the AVONEX PEN from existing patients, and that the majority of patients new to AVONEX therapy have chosen the PEN. The AVOSTARTGRIP performance has also shown very positive preliminary signs in the U.S. During the quarter, approximately 2/3 of all new starts on AVONEX were with the AVOSTARTGRIP. Outside the U.S., we continue to maintain our leading market share position, and the AVONEX PEN continues to drive healthy unit demand in the U.K., Germany and the Netherlands. Now turning to TYSABRI. Second quarter global TYSABRI units increased 10% versus prior year. In the U.S., second quarter TYSABRI units grew 9% year-on-year. This is the seventh consecutive quarter where we've delivered unit growth for TYSABRI. Outside the U.S., TYSABRI units grew 11% in the second quarter versus prior year. We believe risk stratification is working. There is high awareness of the assay among neurologists, testing volumes are growing nicely -- our most recent estimates are over 100,000 tests completed globally -- and an increasing portion of patients tested are new TYSABRI candidates. While we continue to see some fluctuations in discontinuation rates among JCV antibody positive patients, overall, discontinuations are modest. We're seeing solid growth in new patients with 2,400 added during the second quarter. We continue to see success with FAMPYRA as revenues approach $20 million in the second quarter, largely driven by Germany. FAMPYRA is now approved across the entire EU, Norway, Iceland, Canada, Australia and New Zealand. We expect regulatory filings in 30 additional countries in 2012 and have planned launches in many EU countries. We are actively working with government agencies with a goal of achieving favorable reimbursement. In Germany, our interactions with the GBA this quarter continued as we further demonstrated the benefit that FAMPYRA has for patients with MS. The GBA will issue the final assessment in early August 2012, at which time pricing negotiations will commence. We will continue to focus on strong execution of these product strategies in the second half. With that, I'll turn the call over to Paul Clancy, our Chief Financial Officer.
Paul J. Clancy: Thanks, Tony. Our GAAP diluted earnings per share were $1.61 in the second quarter. The primary differences between our GAAP and non-GAAP results are outlined in the earnings presentation and include $51 million related to the amortization of acquired intangibles. Our non-GAAP diluted earnings per share were $1.82. The financial results this quarter were obviously very strong. We always have puts and takes across the P&L. This quarter, we're fortunate to have a disproportionate number of favorable items. These included a resupply in certain AVONEX international markets, benefits from hedging on AVONEX, a step-up in our ANGIOMAX royalties, a low level of write-offs, and we gained a P&L benefit from collections in Spain. I'll highlight these as I walk through the financial results. Nevertheless, we're quite satisfied with where we are on a year-to-date basis. Q2 AVONEX worldwide revenue was strong, growing 16% versus prior year to $762 million. In the U.S., AVONEX grew 13% year-over-year to $464 million. U.S. unit volume was down 2% versus prior year and up 7% versus last quarter. Inventory in the wholesale channel ended at just under 2 weeks, a decrease compared to prior quarter. We're heartened that the U.S. channel dynamics we experienced in the first quarter appear to have been isolated. Internationally, Q2 AVONEX revenue was $298 million, an increase of 19% year-over-year. For AVONEX, the combined impact of currency and hedging was not a headwind for us in the year-over-year comparison. Foreign exchange weakened AVONEX revenue by $23 million. It was offset by a $10 million hedge gain in the quarter as compared to a $15 million hedge loss in Q2 2011. AVONEX second quarter global sales also benefited by approximately $7 million from the resupply arising out of the voluntary product recall, which drew down sales at the very end of Q1. And additionally, we benefited from the timing of tender sales in Brazil. TYSABRI worldwide in market sales were $395 million, an increase of 2% year-over-year. Biogen Idec recorded TYSABRI product revenues of $280 million. In the U.S., TYSABRI product revenue to Biogen Idec grew 15% to $93 million. Q2 international TYSABRI product revenue was $187 million to Biogen Idec. There are 3 drivers why units increased double digit year-over-year and revenue growth did not match. First, revenues were unfavorably impacted by $16 million of deferred revenue in our Italian affiliate related to the Italian National Medicines Agency claim. Second, the impact of foreign exchange for the second quarter softened revenue by $19 million for TYSABRI versus the prior year, which was offset by a $4 million gain from hedging compared to a $3 million hedge loss in the prior year. The amount of the hedge gain that helped mitigate the effect of currency during the quarter for TYSABRI was more modest than AVONEX as we have a natural hedge in our collaboration profit-sharing line. And third, we experienced a modest price in country mix shifts. U.S. RITUXAN sales were $784 million, up 5% versus prior year. Performance is solid in the maintenance setting in NHL, CLL, RA and the new vasculitis indications. Our U.S. profit share was $259 million. Royalties and profit-sharing sales of Rituximab outside the U.S. were $25 million. The result was $285 million of revenue from unconsolidated joint business in Q2. FAMPYRA revenue was $20 million for the second quarter, primarily driven by sales in Germany. Our 1-year anniversary of the FAMPYRA launch in Germany is in August. At that time, we won't have a fixed price from an accounting perspective as our negotiations with the GBA will be ongoing. As a result, we plan to record revenue at a lower price until the price negotiations are final. And therefore, we expect revenues for the remainder of the year to be approximately half of year-to-date sales. Royalties were $37 million, an increase of 29% year-over-year. Second quarter royalties were favorable to our business plan, which was the result of achievement of a higher royalty tier on ANGIOMAX sales during Q2. We had previously anticipated to reach this new tier in the third quarter. We recorded $22 million of corporate partner revenue, driven by manufacturing contracts with strategic partners. Now turning to the expense lines on the non-GAAP P&L. Q2 COGS were $139 million or 10% of revenues. The increase in COGS year-over-year was driven by higher AVONEX and FAMPYRA revenue and includes approximately $7 million related to funding the JC virus assay testing. We experienced essentially no write-offs this quarter. Q2 R&D expense was $329 million or 23% of revenues, which includes the $12 million payment to Isis on the DM1 program. Q2 SG&A expense was $301 million or 21% of revenues, an increase of 13% over last year and essentially flat versus first quarter. Our collaboration profit-sharing line totaled $79 million. Other income and expense was a gain of $3 million in Q2. During the quarter, we had a high level of collections in Southern Europe, particularly in Spain where the Spanish government executed a program across the pharma industry to pay down past due receivables, many of which were greater than 1 year old. We received $120 million of accounts receivable due from various Spanish regions. In addition to improving the balance sheet, this resulted in a positive impact in the P&L statement of approximately $5 million due to accelerating previously imputed interest. This was recorded in the OI&E line. Our Q2 non-GAAP tax rate was 24%. In the second quarter, our weighted average diluted shares were $241 million. During the quarter, we made great progress in the $500 million share repurchase program we announced 90 days ago. We purchased approximately 3.3 million shares for a total cost of $447 million, and we completed this program in early July, and all shares have been retired. We ended the quarter with $2.9 billion in cash and marketable securities, split approximately 60-40 between the U.S. and outside the U.S. This brings us to our non-GAAP diluted earnings per share, which were $1.82 in the second quarter. Now I'll turn to our updated full year 2012 guidance. We expect full year revenue growth of mid-single digits, unchanged from previous guidance. I'll provide some detail on our revenue outlook. We're encouraged certainly by the second quarter AVONEX strength, yet remain mindful about a couple of dynamics, including that downstream retailers are managing both PEN and prefilled syringe inventories. And in the U.S., we anticipate a second competitive oral to be approved later this year. While we're working to resolve the IE for TYSABRI claim in Italy, our current guidance does not include a resolution in 2012 and assumes we continue some TYSABRI product revenue being deferred for the rest of the year. If we resolve this, this obviously would be upside. Our current guidance does not include sales from BG-12 as we expect launching in early 2013. Regarding FAMPYRA, as I previously mentioned, the balance of year assumes that revenue will be approximately half of year-to-date sales owing to the German reimbursement process. Our expense targets, as a percentage of sales, are unchanged from previous guidance. Cost of sales, expected to be between 9% and 10% of total revenue. R&D, expected to be between 24% and 25% of total revenue. Included is a $23 million milestone payment to Portola, which we expect to occur in the third quarter. SG&A expense is expected to be between 22% and 23% of total revenue. During the second half, we expect increased investment in prelaunch activity closer to the BG-12 launch. We expect to put our Denmark large-scale manufacturing facility into service in the second half of this year, which is a very positive milestone. The P&L impact of this will be a change from capitalizing interest to expensing it. The result is that we expect our other income and expense line to go from approximately $18 million of favorability year-to-date to approximately $10 million to $20 million of expense for the second half of the year. We expect our tax expense in 2012 to be between 23% and 25% of pretax income. As a result, we now anticipate non-GAAP earnings per share results to be above $6.20 and GAAP EPS above $5.44. This modest improvement in non-GAAP reflects the continued investments in the late-stage pipeline in preparing for upcoming product launches, which intensify in the second half. Now I'll hand the call over to George for his closing comments.
George A. Scangos: Thanks, Paul. So at this mid-year mark, we're on track to achieve our 2012 goals, which include growing our leadership in MS by increasing TYSABRI market share, stabilizing worldwide AVONEX market share and growing FAMPYRA revenue, prudently investing to make sure that we're well prepared for the launch of BG-12 in MS and Factors VIII and IX in hemophilia A and B and continuing to advance our late-stage pipeline and strengthen our early-stage pipeline to make sure that we're poised for future growth. We expect to accomplish all of this, while at the same time, delivering revenue and EPS growth. We have a busy 9 months ahead of us, preparing for the BG-12 launch and 4 pivotal trial data readouts for the long-lasting blood Factors VIII and IX, dexpramipexole in ALS and PEG-Interferon. So in closing, we feel good about where we are as a company right now, and we believe the best is still to come. So with that, we will stop and open up the call for questions.
Wendy Gabel: Thanks, George. Operator, we're ready to open the call for Q&A. [Operator Instructions] Operator, we're ready for that first question.
Operator: Your first question comes from the line of Brian Abrahams from Wells Fargo Securities.
Brian Corey Abrahams - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: I was wondering if you could talk in a little bit more detail about the TYSABRI discontinuation rates. You mentioned that there's been some fluctuations there. I was wondering if you could talk more specifically about any differences you're seeing in U.S. versus European dynamics there, if you think this is starting to stabilize somewhat in Europe and whether or not you're seeing any changes and shifts as patients who are JCV positive reach 2 years.
Tony Kingsley: Thanks, Brian, it's Tony. So what -- as we've said in the past, country-by-country, as we work through testing the existing patient base, we've seen some lumpiness in the discontinuation rates. But overall, we feel like it would stabilize over the course of this year. We continue to feel that way. The discontinuation rates have continued to be within the broad ranges that we thought we have, and there aren't, I don't think, significant differences between the U.S. and Europe in the discontinuation rates. We're seeing reasonably similar patterns across countries at this point. So no substantial shift on that front.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Geoffrey Porges from Bernstein.
Geoffrey C. Porges - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: Tony, could you give us a little bit more color on AVONEX in the U.S.? Really strong result there. I'm just wondering if you could break it down for how much of it was the stocking of the new product images and then how much was price. You mentioned volume was actually down. And could you also talk a little bit about the dynamics in the overall market, what you're seeing in terms of treated patient numbers right now in the U.S. and Europe?
Paul J. Clancy: Yes, Geoff, thanks, this is Paul. Let me kind of give a little bit of a sense for the underlying strength. On a global basis, a very strong quarter for AVONEX. We did try to point out that on a global basis, we benefited from some resupply from the kind of Q1 very end that was more the international markets as well as the Brazil tender. We, from a wholesaler demand, a channel perspective, we -- our inventory levels ended up at under 2.0 weeks, which is very favorable for us. We don't have visibility with respect to the retailer inventory levels, and we're just a little bit cautious that they're probably likely managing both PEN and lyophilized inventory levels in that we may have benefited a little bit modestly from that. But nevertheless I think Tony and his team, I'll turn it over to him, are feeling very good about the acceptance of AVONEX PEN and the dynamics and the ability to compete in the marketplace. Tony?
Tony Kingsley: Yes. Thanks, Paul. So in terms of sources of growth, we did, I think Paul said we did see units down 2% year-on-year but up 7% quarter-on-quarter in the U.S. Some of that reflected the dynamics in the first quarter, but we feel comfortable that we are getting good unit growth, and that we're getting some share growth within the ABCRE segment. It's still relatively early days with the PEN in the U.S. and titration, but we track the leading indicators. I mentioned some of them on the call in terms of the percent of patients who are choosing the PEN, what percent of new starts we're getting. And we feel comfortable that we're seeing a repeat of the experience that we've seen in some other markets. In terms of the total market, we still see the U.S. market this year growing as expected in terms of total patients in low-single digits. Europe is typically higher than that, sort of mid-single digits. No big change in the market growth relative to what our expectation was.
Operator: Your next question comes from Matthew Roden from UBS.
Matthew Roden - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: So your cash balance is growing here, can you share your latest thinking on what's on the table and what's off the table? With respect to use of cash, perhaps, prioritize how you think about putting that cash to work. And then more specifically, if I may, do you have any thoughts on the potential merits of consolidating TYSABRI economics as bapineuzumab plays out? Would you look at global TYSABRI rights as a purely financial consideration, or would you consider it strategic to consolidate the brand?
Paul J. Clancy: Yes, I mean, Matt, I mean George will answer it. Obviously, we can't comment -- we appreciate that it's quite topical coming off of last night's news, but really just no comment. But George, if you can kind of give a broader perspective, it'd be great.
George A. Scangos: Well, sure. And so but just on bapi, the first trial didn't meet its end point, but there are other trials yet to come. So I think that final word there isn't out yet, and we don't have too much to add to what we've said previously about our cash usage. We have, over the past few years, done a combination of what Paul has from small tuck-ins, so little deals, small acquisitions. We've bought shares back, and we'll continue to think about it the same way as we move forward.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Marshall Urist from Morgan Stanley.
Marshall Urist - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: So just on TYSABRI. Tony, maybe you could talk about patient mix in terms of what you're seeing right now kind of post the assay in terms of first line, second line, third line mix. Any impact of Gilenya so far that you can kind of discern in the market kind of post the label changes? And then finally, just a little bit of better insight on why units, rest of world units, looks like were actually down quarter-over-quarter. So just trying to understand what all of those, how all those dynamics tie together.
Tony Kingsley: Yes, thanks, Marshall. So patient mix, we are -- as I said, one of the things we look at with the assay is what's the portion of patients who are existing patients versus candidates. And we're seeing a nice increase, in fact the majority of patients tested now are candidates for TYSABRI, which is a good news, very, very positive. We continue to see evidence that we're seeing, as a result of that, TYSABRI used earlier in the treatment paradigm. I'm not sure I can break down very specific metrics on second line, first line, third line, but we are continuing to see evidence in the patient demand that we're seeing patients tested and then -- or new patients moved on to the product, which is very positive. Not a lot of news from our standpoint on Gilenya. We continue on FTY, we continue to see them sort of chugging along nicely at the level that they have. Again, we think that TYSABRI has a significant efficacy advantage, and with risk stratification, a significant advantage for patients who really need that higher efficacy. So just, it netted out. We did add 2,400 net patient adds in the quarter, which we feel was a very good performance.
Marshall Urist - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: And then just on the rest of world units?
Tony Kingsley: Yes, it's owing mostly, Marshall, to emerging markets. So as we pointed out in the past, both for AVONEX and TYSABRI, we have some wobbliness quarter-to-quarter. Emerging markets, AVONEX benefited this quarter from Brazil tender sales. Last quarter, TYSABRI benefited from some of the emerging market tender sales. So it's really that if you kind of strip that out of it, both in Europe, as well as in the emerging markets, it's a very kind of very normal nice trend moving in the right direction.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Robyn Karnauskas from Deutsche Bank.
Navdeep Singh - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: It's Navdeep substituting in for Robyn. Just a couple of questions on TYSABRI. So can you describe what percentage of your EU TYSABRI patients have been tested with the JCV assay, and what percentage of the JCV positives are staying on? And when you expect the discontinuations of the JCV positives to wash through?
Tony Kingsley: Okay. So in terms of the percent of patients, the existing TYSABRI patients that have been tested, I think over the course of the later part of last year, post the launch of the commercial assay in the EU, we saw different trajectories country-by-country. But the vast -- we believe the vast majority of patients, country-by-country, got tested over the 3-, 4-, 5-, 6-month time frame last year. I can't tell you that every existing patient has been tested, but as we tracked it, we believe that most of the existing TYSABRI patients have been tested. And again the testing mix is shifting now. We still have a significant number of existing patients being tested because people will be retested over time, but it's shifting more to new candidates over time. Discontinuation rates, again, we track that through a variety of indirect measures in the EU, including market research and speaking with physicians and other things. We think among the positives, the majority of positives had continued to stay on the product because of the efficacy advantage. And we think the discontinuation rates have been relatively stable with a little bit of month-to-month up and down lumpiness.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Rachel McMinn from Bank of America.
Rachel L. McMinn - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: I guess I wanted to ask a few questions just on, can you quantify the Brazil tender offer for 2Q? And can you also talk about whether the pricing for the tender has actually gone down? I guess J&J made some comments on its call that the actual pricing for tenders has substantially declined. And then my second question is just when you talk about some of these emerging growth markets for AVONEX, is there any growth left from converting those into direct market sales as you've done in the past?
Tony Kingsley: Why don't I start with...
Unknown Executive: Yes, go ahead.
Tony Kingsley: So I was in Brazil last week, Rachel. Good question. On the tenders, so the tenders in Brazil are administrative tenders as opposed to competitive tenders. But each year, you have to go negotiate with the government, who tries to grind a little price out of you. So it's not a competitive dynamic so much as a, you have an opportunistic payer in Brazil that comes back every year and looks for a little something. But we do see, for example, in Brazil, MS continues to be under-diagnosed. There's lots of opportunity for both -- to get to your question, both AVONEX and TYSABRI, given the population growth and what's going on with the economy in general. In terms of AVONEX potentially in the rest of world, we still think that there is a potential. And we continue to invest both in direct markets and distributor markets. I don't think we have any news to announce on additional entry in direct markets. We're constantly looking at that and the trade-off of the economics, yes.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mark Schoenebaum from ISI Group.
Mark J. Schoenebaum - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: I -- a lot of my questions have been actually asked. So I'm going to ask 2 that are a little bit off the wall that I just thought I'd get out there. So one is that I know years ago, you guys applied for BG-12 in Germany for psoriasis and then the application was withdrawn. I think your regulatory filings just said that you want to focus on multiple sclerosis. The question I had is did you ever get any feedback from the German regulators on that application or did -- around, especially around safety obviously? And if so, if you'd be willing to share with us or did you just withdraw before you ever got any feedback? And the second is on FAMPYRA. Can you just confirm please if that's just the reason revenues are going to be down is strictly an accounting, a conservative accounting assumption you're making, but the end user, you're expecting to be flat or up. I just want to make sure I heard that right.
Paul J. Clancy: Yes, no, let me go with the second question, and I appreciate it because it's a great point of clarification and importance. And then Al's going to try, at least, I don't think we have a lot of perspective on BG-12, but he'll give a little bit on that. Yes, it's exactly what you said. The IQWIG, GBA process now is such that the price that you go into the market, you keep and you have that "free price" through your 1-year anniversary. Subsequent to the 1-year anniversary, we will be in price -- we expect to be in price negotiations. Those price negotiations, we expect that they could bleed into the first quarter of 2013, and whatever that is decided, it goes retroactively back to the first, to the date of the first year anniversary. As a result, as you know, there's 4 requirements for revenue recognition. One of those requirements is a fixed and determinable price. Given that there'll be ambiguity, it is very much strictly an accounting perspective that we'll take a view of what our fixed and determinable prices and be -- we expect to be booking revenue at that lower -- at a lower level. That will be reconciled once we get the final kind of price negotiations. So I think it's probably pretty close to the way you characterized it. But -- and it really -- and as you know, what we came out of the IQWIG process with so far is a pretty wide range in terms of -- and actually, a range that is within what our price today is in Germany. So I think it's an accounting convention that we'll be living with for the second half. And I think as importantly, we'd underscored that the actual demand for the product is quite strong in Germany. And as we move into the other markets, we expect it to be quite strong. So exactly how you characterized it. Al, BG-12 psoriasis?
Alfred Sandrock: Mark, this is Al Sandrock. Your memory of ancient history is amazing. I had my head down in neurology, and I didn't really pay much attention to what was going on in psoriasis at the time. At the time we decided though to shift our strategic focus, I do remember this, away from dermatology and psoriasis and on to MS. And so that feedback was -- if it had been gotten was so long ago that not sure that it would have played much of a role in our thinking currently anyway. So I'm sorry. I just don't remember.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Eric Schmidt from Cowen and Co.
Eric Schmidt - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: Paul, I'm still struggling a little bit with the AVONEX number in Q2, the $762 million, and what in that is sort of real versus more of a onetime nature? Could you take a stab at maybe more quantifying what the issues or the benefits were, the Brazil tender, the resupply in Europe, any inventory you can guess at? And I guess it seems like your guidance implies that AVONEX has to go down in the second half of the year relative to Q2. Is that what you mean to say?
Paul J. Clancy: Yes, well, yes. I mean there's a chance it doesn't. We're just trying to be mindful of it. Certainly, there are 2 things we can definitively point to, the Brazil tender. That's a little less than $10 million. And that the coming in the global markets, we had about $7 million of essentially resupply from the voluntary product withdrawal recall that was at the very end of Q1. We're just trying to be mindful that around the world and certainly in the United States, there may be some retailers that are managing kind of both PEN and lyophilized. We may be getting a modest benefit from that. So I think really that's it. Nevertheless, I think we feel it's a very, very strong, strong quarter. And then broadly speaking, the guidance is -- we're hoping -- we're going to be pushing hard as much as we can for the balance of the year, but the guidance also certainly is trying to point out that we have intensification of some of the prelaunch expenses for the second half as we get closer to BG-12 launch and even as we start to invest a little bit and prudently in Factor VIII and Factor IX potentially over the next 6 months.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Geoff Meacham from JPMorgan.
Geoffrey C. Meacham - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Just a few on TYSABRI. So last quarter, you all called out trends then in TOUCH forms, so I'm curious if you could do that for this quarter. And then maybe a question for Paul. The impact from TYSABRI from your Italian affiliate, I'm just curious if this is part of the normal course of business or do you think that you have a risk of this happening in other countries across Europe.
Paul J. Clancy: So I'll start with TOUCH forms. So TOUCH forms being essentially the prescription, if you will, and in the U.S., which we track. We have continued to see the ability to drive nice growth in TOUCH forms. Obviously, they go up and down, week-to-week basis, but the trends are consistent with what we saw last week. We think the sales force is generating good front-end demand.
George A. Scangos: Yes, Geoff, with respect to the IEFA situation, I mean, what we understand is that there are a number of pharmaceutical companies in upwards to 50 or 100 different "products" under IE for review. Ours is kind of unique. We've tried to disclose it that it has to do with a dispute with respect to the price cap going way back to the first 2 years of the launch of the product. So ours is a -- results in accounting -- in having deferred revenue that is quite unique. We are hoping and expect to be in front of IEFA in the fall, and we're hoping to get resolution around that. In terms of broader macro, the forward pricing environment is certainly a risk factor for our business. In the big 5, we have experienced the -- and it's already embedded in the P&L in -- if you think about Germany, there was pricing actions in August of 2010 across the industry. In Spain, in spring of 2010, there was a 7.5% rebate. So I think we're in some of these countries, we're getting past it, but we're still mindful that it's a macro risk factor for the industry, but we're working hard to mitigate all those impacts.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Yaron Werber from Citi.
Yaron Werber - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: I have -- and for Paul and for George, maybe 2 quick questions. So just one, just so we understand with respect to the FAMPYRA revenues, it sounds to me that if you're sort of guiding for half the revenues in the first half, you're making some kind of an assumption as to where you think your price is going to be. Is that the way we should look at it? And would there be essentially a true-up payment then in Q1 to Acorda or how should we think of it? And then secondly, the dexpramipexole, I noticed the second study hasn't started yet. It sounds like it's on track now for 2013. I'm just trying to get a sense as to why the holdup, and kind of what are you waiting for to start that study.
George A. Scangos: Let me start with the first part, Yaron. The projection that I outlined in the guidance assumes the lower end of the range that IQWIG has come out with. So that is the planning case that we're going with right now. We'll have another data point by Q3, which will be GBA's assessment. So we'll include that in the facts as we attempt to estimate a price. With respect to the relationship from Acorda, the royalties to Acorda are on GAAP sales. So it will flow with the ebbs and flows of the accounting treatment for the product quarter-by-quarter.
Douglas Edward Williams: This is Doug. With respect to the second study for dexpramipexole, back a couple of quarters ago, we discussed this. And the reason for delaying the start of the second study is really to be able to incorporate any learnings from the first study into the design of the second, should we need it. So that was a purposeful decision on our part to really have the opportunity to take a look at the data from the first study and then incorporate any learnings into the second.
Yaron Werber - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Okay, great. But you're still planning on testing the higher dose, or is that not necessarily the case anymore?
Douglas Edward Williams: Yes, I think that's still an open question, and one that we would like to answer, because as you recall from the Phase II study, we didn't really top out on the dose response curve. So it's an open question, and one that we'd like to answer.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ravi Mehrotra from Crdit Suisse.
Ravi Mehrotra - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: A question for Tony. You've previously commented that BG-12 will have a separate sales force. Could you walk us through the thinking of this, rather than the other extreme of putting, I guess, 3 products in 1 bag?
Tony Kingsley: Yes, good question, Ravi, thanks. So let's talk about the 3 assets that we'll have as DMTs. AVONEX competes in a segment that's not going to disappear overnight, which is the injectable segment, which is promotionally sensitive. I think we've demonstrated that over the last couple of years and couple of quarters in the results. So we think we need to continue to keep meaningful promotional effort against AVONEX within that segment with the strategy of continuing to outperform other injectables. BG-12 has potential to -- obviously, we're excited. It looks like it's a great product profile. It will be the third oral into market probably. It's going to require significant promotional investment. It's going to require a significant physician-facing investment in education, and we think it requires that. TYSABRI, we've talked about risk stratification, the ability to grow that product. Again, it's a product that requires significant customer-facing resources. So we think it would be penny wise and kind of foolish to try to get a lot of leverage on the sort of customer-facing end. That may be something that happens over the long term, but in the short term, we think you've got to put a lot of effort against these things to turn them into the kinds of products and kinds of share products that we think they can be.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Michael Yee from RBC Capital Markets.
Michael J. Yee - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Actually, a question for Doug or Al. Actually, I'm thinking about LINGO next year. Can you get any proof-of-concept data or can you talk about any data next year in LINGO? And what are you actually looking at to determine remyelination? Can you walk through a little bit about that, how you'll actually be able to talk about remyelination or show that?
Douglas Edward Williams: Yes, Michael, we're unlikely to get data next year. We'll be well on our way to getting data, but probably won't get a readout next year. The ways we're going to look at remyelination are in 2 ways. One is in the optic neuritis trial to look at visual function by looking at visual contrast acuity, also looking at nerve conduction by looking at multifocal, visually both responses and also looking at neuro protection by looking at ocular coherence tomography, because we think that remyelination will lead to neuro protection. In the other trial, we will be looking -- using state-of-the-art imaging technology to look very closely at MS lesions at the time they form, and then the evolution of those lesions in the month thereafter, where we think that some remyelination occurs naturally, but we hope to enhance that natural process with anti-LINGO. And so it will be a lesion-imaging assessment essentially, and so both I think are important.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Tony Butler from Barclays Capital.
Charles Anthony Butler - Barclays Capital, Research Division: I wanted to ask a question for Tony on AVONEX. As you alluded to 3 different sales forces depending on what was being sold, if the PEGylated form of AVONEX is successful in the market or for in clinical development, how do you actually fragment that with that first injectable sales force, if I could just call it that, given it's extraordinarily promotionally sensitive? Does that sales effort have to actually expand dramatically, and do you actually just quit talking about AVONEX itself and just really stay with the PEN and with the PEG form?
Tony Kingsley: No. Good question. So I think we think about not just AVONEX but the interferon franchise over time and what it will take. So my statements about competing in the injectable segment and out-competing really referred to the AVONEX PEN, and then we would hope PEG. Look, PEG, the kind of profile that PEG potentially could have, makes it the clear winner in the injectable segment in my mind for patients. I mean the convenience factor of a once every 2 week or once a month, if that's the way that plays out is very good. So we would likely see the interferon franchise transition over to PEG over time. And we would -- so you wouldn't have a significant increase in sales force and promotion other than what you normally would have around what's essentially a pretty significant line extension.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Thomas Wei from Jefferies.
Thomas Wei - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: I had a question on the other AVONEX factors that you mentioned for the second half, the new oral competition. You referred to that as a cautionary note in the prepared comments but actually didn't raise it during one of the answers I think to Eric's question in the Q&A. And I was wondering how we should -- or how you're all thinking about the near-term impact on AVONEX as a result? If there might be a lower bar to initiating patients on that therapy relative to Gilenya? And does that, in your mind, lead to a bigger or more immediate impact on AVONEX in 2012 as a result?
Tony Kingsley: Good question. It's Tony. So again, we are -- this is a -- we don't know when it's going to get approved or how it will shape up, but we expect a good effort in the latter half of the year. It's a product that looks like it could compete for some new start patients, and it certainly could compete for some tolerability switches. We think AVONEX has a superior value proposition to the new oral, and we think we fight it out in the, at the field level and at the promotional level. We think we can prevail in that game, but it's a meaningful new entrant that will attract some attention. You are correct that it looks like it will have a lower, sort of lower complexity, relative to FTY, and some people may find that appealing. The real question will be is there an efficacy story there that merits choosing that product relative to a well-understood one like AVONEX.
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of Ian Somaiya from Piper Jaffray.
M. Ian Somaiya - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division: I just wanted to revisit the pricing discussion in Europe. You've made some comments related to the big 5, but there was more of a historical perspective speaking to price declines in 2010. Some of your pharmaceutical peers have spoken to continued price erosion in the 5% to 6% range, and I wanted to get your take on whether that's a fair representation of what we should expect for your products going forward.
Paul J. Clancy: Yes, this is Paul again. So I think it's a scenario that we're thinking about. So it's very -- it's actually hard to predict on a product-specific basis because country-by-country, certainly different things are happening. The -- we are kind of being mindful of the broad macro concerns, and that historically, what you could essentially count on in our business is kind of flat to down 1% or 2% pricing. And I don't think it's a far reach to say that, that accelerates to 3%, 4% or 5%. So we're kind of thinking through that and trying to be mindful about it but nothing exact to report out on at this point.
Wendy Gabel: Thanks. That was our last question. Thank you, everyone, for participating in today's call. You can now disconnect.

===== 2012 Q1  (2012-05-01 08:00:00) =====
Executives: Wendy Gabel -  George A. Scangos - Chief Executive Officer and Director Douglas Edward Williams - Executive Vice President of Research and Development Tony Kingsley - Executive Vice President of Global Commercial Operations Paul J. Clancy - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President of Finance Alfred Sandrock - Head of Neurology Research & Development
Analysts: Robyn Karnauskas - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Marshall Urist - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Michael J. Yee - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division Eric Schmidt - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division Mark J. Schoenebaum - ISI Group Inc., Research Division Geoffrey C. Meacham - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Ravi Mehrotra - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division Charles Anthony Butler - Barclays Capital, Research Division Jim Birchenough - BMO Capital Markets U.S. Rachel L. McMinn - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Yaron Werber - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Brian Abrahams - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division Matthew Roden - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Thomas Wei - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division Gene Mack - Mizuho Securities USA Inc., Research Division
Operator: Good morning. My name is Melissa, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Biogen Idec First Quarter 2012 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Ms. Wendy Gabel, Vice President, Investor Relations, you may begin your conference.
Wendy Gabel: Thank you, and welcome to Biogen Idec's First Quarter 2012 Earnings Conference Call. Before we begin, I encourage everyone to go to the Investors section of biogenidec.com to find the press release and related financial tables, including a reconciliation of the non-GAAP financial measures that we'll discuss today. Our GAAP financials are provided in Tables 1 and 2. Table 3 includes a reconciliation of the GAAP to non-GAAP results, which we believe better represents the ongoing economics of our business and reflects how we manage the business internally. We have also posted slides on our website that follow the discussions related to this call. As usual, we'll start with the safe harbor statement.  Comments made in this conference call include forward-looking statements that are subject to risks and uncertainties. Words such as believe, expect, may, plan, will and similar expressions are intended to identify such statements. Actual results could differ materially from our expectations, and you should carefully review the risks and uncertainties that are described in our earnings slides, earnings release and in the Risk Factors section of our most recent annual and quarterly reports filed with the SEC. We do not undertake any obligation to publicly update any forward-looking statements. Today on the call, I'm joined by Dr. George Scangos, Chief Executive Officer; Dr. Doug Williams, Executive Vice President of Research and Development; Tony Kingsley, Executive Vice President of Global Commercial Operations; and Paul Clancy, Executive Vice President of Finance and our Chief Financial Officer. We'll also be joined for the Q&A portion of the call by Dr. Al Sandrock, Senior Vice President of Development Sciences and Chief Medical Officer.  Now I'll turn the call over to George.
George A. Scangos: Okay. Thanks, Wendy, and good morning, everyone. By now, I'm sure that most of you had a chance to review our press release for the first quarter of 2012. We reported revenue growth of 7% year-over-year to $1.3 billion and earnings per share of $1.40.  While most of our performance measures met or exceeded expectations, the EPS number, of course, is below the external estimates, although it is in line with our internal estimates. While every quarter includes a lot of gives and takes, this quarter was a bit more complicated than usual. The bottom line, though, is that AVONEX orders were below expectations in January and without this factor we would have met the external estimates, even with a significant investment for the future that we made during the quarter.  So the question is whether or not there's an underlying issue with the AVONEX business or whether there were isolated factors that contributed to the January results, and the answer is basically good news. We believe that the fundamental demand for AVONEX remains solid and that the January revenues were the result of isolated events, which we'll go into a little later in the call.  While we're not satisfied with these events, we're heartened by the fact that AVONEX sales rebounded quickly with both revenues and units on track in February and March.  So let me now turn to the many positive aspects of the quarter. Both TYSABRI and RITUXAN delivered double-digit revenue growth in Q1, and TYSABRI was particularly strong with 14% year-over-year growth.  TYSABRI net patient adds continued to show strength, as we began to roll out risk stratification based on JC virus antibody status to the neurology community. RITUXAN also had a strong quarter and sales of FAMPYRA in EU were encouraging. All of these aspects, of course, are positive and with AVONEX back on track, we're quite optimistic about the full year. Paul will go into the details, but I just want say here that we believe we're now on track to achieve an EPS this year of greater than $6.15.  During the first quarter, we achieved a number of very important product and pipeline milestones. The AVONEX PEN was approved in the U.S. and launched last week, improving AVONEX administration for patients and reinvigorating physician interest.  We simultaneously received approval for the titration kit, known as AVOSTARTGRIP, which will help reduce the incidence and severity of flu-like symptoms for new AVONEX patients. We gained FDA approval to include the JC virus antibody status as part of risk stratification for PML in the U.S. TYSABRI label. This change allows the sales force to talk to physicians and health care professionals about all 3 factors of risk stratification, which is a very important step towards realizing the full potential of this therapy.  At the American Academy of Neurology meeting last week, our pipeline was the subject of 49 platform presentations and posters, including new data for TYSABRI, BG-12, FAMPYRA, daclizumab, dexpramipexole and Anti-Lingo.  We were able to present the full data for CONFIRM, the second registrational trial for BG-12, and highlight the efficacy and safety data for the program. The AAN also provided a platform for us to showcase the AVONEX PEN and titration kit for the U.S. market. We made further progress this quarter ongoing our early-stage pipeline with our acquisition of Stromedix, thereby adding to our pipeline a novel humanized monoclonal antibody for idiopathic pulmonary fibrosis or IPF. IPF is a debilitating and almost uniformly fatal disease in which patients experience progressive difficulty breathing due to scarring of the lung. More than 200,000 patients in the U.S. and Europe have IPF, and there is a high unmet need for better therapies for these patients.  Adding to our early-stage pipeline, we entered a collaboration with ISIS earlier this quarter under which our companies will develop and commercialize ISIS anti-sense investigational drug for the treatment of Spinal Muscular Atrophy or SMA.  SMA is a genetic neuromuscular disease characterized by muscle atrophy and weakness and it is the most common genetic cause of infant mortality. And of course most notably, we submitted applications for marketing approval of BG-12 in the U.S. and the EU this quarter, ahead of our internal target. And I'd like to thank the BG-12 team and the many people of Biogen Idec who worked many hours to make this happen. Our EU application has been validated by the EMA and is formally under review. As most of you know, a couple of months have passed since we filed the BG-12 NDA with the FDA. All of our interactions with the agency to date, including recent conversations, have led us to believe that our application is on track and will be accepted with standard review.  We anticipate a confirmatory letter of acceptance within a couple of weeks. We continue to make progress in our clinical programs as well. Factor VIII, Factor IX and dexpramipexole remain on track for data readouts later this year, and PEGylated Interferon for a readout in the first part of next year. So all in all, a very productive quarter for product and pipeline accomplishments.  So let me now turn the call over to Doug Williams, Head of R&D, and I'll come back at the end for a few concluding comments.
Douglas Edward Williams: Thanks, George. During Q1, we continued to make progress on several aspects of our R&D programs, starting with important advances on the regulatory front.  This quarter, the FDA approved the AVONEX PEN, the first intramuscular auto injector, and simultaneously approved AVOSTARTGRIP, a new dose titration regimen. As you know, we submitted BG-12 for marketing approval with the FDA and EMA earlier this year. As George indicated, we believe we are on track for the U.S. review process and expect a confirmatory letter in the coming weeks stating that our NDA has been accepted.  In addition the European Medicines Agency, or EMA, has validated Biogen Idec's marketing authorization application for a review of BG-12 in the European Union, and we recently filed for marketing approval of BG-12 in Canada and Switzerland.  The NDA filing for BG-12 was the largest Biogen Idec has done to date, and it was the commitment of many dedicated people that made this happen. We continue to move closer to making this potential new oral treatment for MS available for patients.  Last week, important data on our neurology franchise were presented at the American Academy of Neurology Annual Meeting, where the strength and quality of our neurology pipeline was demonstrated with 49 company-sponsored platform and poster presentations.  We shared comprehensive data for CONFIRM, the second registrational study of BG-12, at 3 platform presentations. Results from CONFIRM showed that BG-12 demonstrated strong efficacy across a variety of measures, including annualized relapse rate, and also met MRI endpoints in a cohort of patients, demonstrating a significant effect on these measures of disease activity.  In a platform presentation focused on the safety profile of BG-12 and CONFIRM, both dose regimens of BG-12 showed favorable safety and tolerability profiles, which were consistent with those seen in DEFINE. The incidence of serious infection was slow and balanced across the study groups and there were no opportunistic infections. There were no malignancies seen in the BG-12 arms at CONFIRM, while there was one malignancy seen in the placebo and 4 malignancies seen in the Glaterimer Acetate arms of the trial. The most common side effects for BG-12 were flushing and GI events, which decreased substantially after the first month and resulted in a low incidence of discontinuations.  Lastly, the poster presentation of a Phase I study of BG-12 in combination with aspirin in healthy volunteers demonstrated that the PK profile of BG-12 was not affected by aspirin and that pretreatment decreased the incidence and severity of BG-12-related flushing without any adverse impact on GI symptoms.  Turning to TYSABRI. 14 posters and presentations were presented at this year's AAN meeting, highlighting the high standard of efficacy that TYSABRI has set in the MS market. The initial data from the TYSABRI observational program, or TOP, indicated that patients experienced significantly reduced annualized relapse rates after 4 years of treatment with TYSABRI and the level of disability progression, as measured by EDSS, remains stable over time.  Additionally, interim results from the ongoing STRATIFY 2 trial supported what has been seen in other clinical research, where the overall anti-JCV antibody prevalence among MS patients was approximately 50% to 60%. Recall that the primary objective of STRATIFY 2 is to demonstrate, prospectively, that the PML risk in TYSABRI-treated patients who are anti-JCV antibody negative is lower than the PML risk in patients who are anti-JCV antibody positive.  An interim analysis conducted with data collected as of February 2012 showed that there was a significantly lower incidence of PML in anti-JCV antibody negative versus positive patients.  STRATIFY 2 also showed that anti-JCV antibody prevalence was lower in females than males and increased with age. Treatment with TYSABRI did not appear to affect patients' anti-JCV antibody status.  Initial findings from the TYNERGY study, a 12-month trial looking at MS-related fatigue in patients with relapsing-remitting MS, showed that TYSABRI treatment was associated with improved MS-related fatigue. This result was very important, as 50% to 60% of MS patients report fatigue as one of their most disabling symptoms, which can contribute to both cognitive and physical difficulties.  We also presented further details of the daclizumab SELECT trial in the scientific program highlights plenary session, as well as the baseline features of the EMPOWER study, our first Phase III clinical trial of dexpramipexole for patients with ALS.  Since the design of EMPOWER and the entry criteria are the same as the Phase II trial, we're hopeful that we can replicate the results we saw in that study.  Turning now to other important aspects of our MS pipeline. We presented data from 2 Phase I studies of Anti-Lingo monoclonal antibody or BIIB33 that has been shown an animal models to promote remyelination and axon survival. The first Phase I study was a single ascending dose study in healthy volunteers, while the second study was a multiple ascending dose study in patients with relapsing-remitting MS or secondary progressive MS. Primary endpoints for both studies were the incidence of adverse events and serious adverse events, as well as other safety evaluations.  Secondary end points for both studies included several measures of serum and CSF levels of BIIB33. Data presented indicated that single and multiple doses of BIIB33 appear to be safe and well tolerated in both healthy subjects and subjects with MS, and that CSF levels achieved were in the predicted range needed for efficacy, based on animal models of demyelination.  Importantly, the result supported advancing the development of the agent into Phase II proof of concept studies, which we expect to initiate in the second half of 2012.  Moving on to other early-stage compounds in our portfolio, I'm pleased with the progress that we've made expanding our early-stage pipeline this quarter. Through the recent acquisition of Stromedix, we added STX-100, a noble humanized monoclonal antibody that disrupts the TGF-beta signaling pathway, specifically in tissues where fibrotic changes are occurring.  We're excited about STX-100 because it exhibited significant activity in preclinical animal models of fibrotic disease and demonstrated an attractive safety and tolerability profile in the Phase I program.  Stromedix has also identified a series of pathway-specific biomarkers in the lung to inform dose selection of STX-100 for proof of concept studies. Molecule has potential in several additional fibrotic indications, given the selective mechanism of action and the central role of TGF-beta in fibrosis. We expect to initiate the Phase II study in IPF by midyear.  This quarter, we also began dosing patients in the Phase I program for ISIS-SMN for the treatment of Spinal Muscular Atrophy and expect to see results late in 2013.  As we move forward into 2012, I look forward to providing you key top line data readouts from 3 pivotal trials in the second half of this year, namely the A-Long study of our long-lasting recombinant Factor VIII in Hemophilia A patients, the B-LONG study of our long-lasting recombinant Factor IX in Hemophelia B patients in the second half of 2012. And finally, the data readout from EMPOWER, the first study of dexpramipexole and ALS is expected in the fourth quarter of this year.  With that, I'll now pass the call to Tony Kingsley, our EVP of Global Commercial Operations.
Tony Kingsley: Thank you, Doug. AVONEX continues to show resilience, and we believe our strategy of focusing on frontline execution to drive share gains within the ABC or E class is succeeding, both in the U.S. and internationally.  In the U.S., unfavorable channel dynamics drove lower-than-anticipated unit shipments. We'll walk you through the channel dynamics in greater detail shortly.  Outside the U.S., we continue to maintain our leading market share position, as the AVONEX PEN continues to drive healthy unit demand in the U.K., Germany, Canada and The Netherlands.  Last week, we introduced the AVONEX PEN and AVOSTARTGRIP in the U.S. market. We believe these new innovations will help drive additional interest and allow for greater share of voice within the ABC or E market segments. The benefits of once weekly treatment and the importance of staying on therapy make AVONEX PEN an attractive option for patients. This message is driving share growth in countries where we've launched the PEN, and we believe we are poised to experience similar success in the U.S. market.  Moving on to TYSABRI. First quarter global TYSABRI units increased 18%, while revenues to Biogen Idec increased 14% versus prior year. In the U.S., first quarter TYSABRI units grew 9% year-on-year. This is the sixth consecutive quarter where we've delivered unit growth for TYSABRI.  Outside of the U.S., TYSABRI units grew 24% in the first quarter versus prior year. We saw positive patient trends during the first quarter, as we added over 1,900 net new patients. Commercially, we continue to drive TYSABRI's strong efficacy message, use the assay to build physician confidence with TYSABRI's benefit risk profile and move the product earlier in the treatment paradigm.  Based on the U.S. data, discontinuation rates remain stable quarter-over-quarter and TOUCH forms increased at their highest level since 2008. TOUCH forms for newly diagnosed, previously untreated patients have historically been a low single-digit percentage, but were in the high single-digits this quarter. This provides us confidence our commercial strategy is succeeding.  We continue to believe TYSABRI's growth may see periods of lumpiness in net patient adds, but we remain confident in an overall solid growth trajectory.  The FAMPYRA launch continues to progress as planned, as the product became commercially available in Canada last month. This innovative therapy is also available in Germany, the U.K., Australia, Denmark, Norway and Iceland.  We are actively working with government agencies across Europe to achieve favorable reimbursement. We expect feedback published from IQWIG tomorrow, which is the next step in the German process.  At the same time, our team continues to drive awareness in the patient physician communities, which is leading to healthy patient demand. In addition to showcasing our world-class scientific research during AAN last week, the significant foot traffic at our booths during the conference was an indicator of physician interest in our recently introduced innovation, such as AVONEX PEN and titration kit and other commercial products.  We are also making significant progress and are on track for successfully executing multiple potential product launches in the coming years. We expect an early 2013 launch for BG-12 and 2 launches in Hemophilia in 2013.  As mentioned last quarter, we continue to make investments in product positioning and promotional planning, scientific outreach, shaping our patient support services and supplier chain. These developments, in addition to the strong patient demand in TYSABRI seen during the quarter, demonstrate our commitment and ability to drive longer-term commercial results, and we look forward to building upon this encouraging progress.  With that, I will turn the call over to Paul Clancy, our Chief Financial Officer.
Paul J. Clancy: Thanks, Tony. Our GAAP diluted earnings per share were $1.25 in the first quarter. The difference between our GAAP and non-GAAP results are outlined in the earnings presentation and include $43 million related to the amortization of acquired intangibles.  Our non-GAAP diluted earnings per share were $1.40. We had expected the first quarter to be impacted by the ANGIOMAX royalty stepping down and the $29 million payment to ISIS. So while we need to overcome the shortfall in AVONEX from Q1, we are on track for a full year financial plan.  Let me now walk down the P&L. Total revenue for the first quarter grew 7% to $1.3 billion. In the U.S., AVONEX grew 3% to $401 million. Inventory in the channel ended at just over 2.2 weeks of slight decrease compared to the prior quarter. U.S. unit volume was down 8% versus both prior year and last quarter.  As George noted, our AVONEX U.S. business was unfavorably impacted by what we believe were temporary channel-related headwinds as ongoing patient metrics remain solid. We believe that a few pharmacy wholesalers, which are downstream from our customers, had very soft purchases in January, presumably the result of advanced purchases in the fourth quarter. There was also a transition from Accredo to CVS Caremark to serve as the federal employee program prescription benefit. With this transition, Caremark built up inventory last quarter for these patients, while Accredo wound down inventory in Q1.  While January often experiences some modest channel swings, this year the impact was exaggerated. We estimate that the unfavorable impact in Q1 was approximately $19 million to U.S. AVONEX revenue. We provided the monthly breakdown of AVONEX U.S. units in our earnings slides. As shown, the channel affects were isolated primarily to January and our shipments have normalized over the following months.  Internationally, Q1 AVONEX revenue was $261 million, an increase of 2% compared to first quarter 2011. The impact of foreign exchange weakened AVONEX revenue by $8 million, which was offset by a $4 million hedge gain in the quarter.  Additionally, AVONEX worldwide revenues were impacted by a voluntary product recall of some material whose expiration date were shorter than stated on the label. This unfavorably impacted AVONEX revenue by approximately $7 million. In certain geographies, we either withdrew product or accounted for the withdrawal without a corresponding resupply, as the execution was in the last week of the quarter.  As a result, the temporary impact to worldwide AVONEX revenue in Q1 from the channel dynamics in product referral was approximately $26 million.  Moving to TYSABRI. Worldwide end-market sales were $399 million and Biogen Idec reported TYSABRI product revenues of $286 million. In the U.S., TYSABRI revenue to Biogen Idec grew 19% to $87 million.  Q1 international TYSABRI revenue was $198 million. The first quarter revenues were impacted by $17 million of deferred revenue in Italy, which is the same issues we highlighted in the fourth quarter 2011 related to the Italian National Medicines agency claim. We hope to have a commission meeting in the coming months with the Italian authorities, and we're working to have resolution in 2012.  The impact of foreign exchange for the first quarter softened revenue by $5 million for TYSABRI versus the prior year, which was offset by a $2 million gain from hedging.  U.S. RITUXAN sales were $792 million, up 10%, driven by a number of factors, including an increase in the maintenance setting in NHL, continued uptake in CLL in longer treatment duration.  Our U.S. profit share was $258 million. Royalties and profit share on sales of rituximab outside the U.S. were $27 million. The result was $285 million of revenue from unconsolidated joint business in Q1, up double-digit.  FAMPYRA revenue was $15 million. Royalties were $29 million, an increase of 13% year-over-year, but a decrease of 45% versus the prior quarter. As mentioned, ANGIOMAX royalties reset to a lower royalty rate in Q1, as seen in previous years.  As we move to the second half of 2012, we expect to benefit from increased ANGIOMAX royalties.  Now turning to the expense lines on the non-GAAP P&L. Q1 cost of goods sold were $133 million or 10% of revenues. This includes approximately $9 million of write-offs and $6 million related to funding the JC virus assay testing.  Q1 R&D expense was $354 million or 27% of revenues, which was driven by the $29 million payment to ISIS and the maturing late-stage pipeline.  Additionally in Q1, we expensed approximately $26 million for product development and manufacturing campaigns for the Factor VIII in dexpramipexole programs. These expenses were incurred early in the year due to the manufacturing lead times associated with each product.  Q1 SG&A expense was $300 million or 23% of revenues, an increase of 23% over last year and 6% sequential quarterly increase. This was driven by increased investment medical affairs and medical education to support the marketed therapies and the potential product launches in 2013.  Continuing down the P&L, our collaboration profit sharing line totaled $86 million. Other income and expense was a gain of $15 million in Q1. Included in this amount were $11 million of net gains related to various strategic investments, including a onetime $9 million gain for our prior equity investment in Stromedix.  Our Q1 non-GAAP tax rate was 22%. From a year-over-year basis, we benefited from higher orphan drug tax credits and determination of certain intercompany royalties. Also in Q1, we benefited from a onetime determination from the IRS, allowing us to deduct the pharma [ph] fee expense for our RITUXAN business.  In the first quarter, our weighted average diluted shares were $242 million. During the quarter, we repurchased approximately 4 million shares for a total cost of $463 million, completing our share stabilization program for 2012.  We ended the quarter with $2.7 billion in cash and marketable securities, split approximately 70-30 between the U.S. and outside the U.S. This brings us to our non-GAAP diluted earnings per share, which were $1.40 in the first quarter.  Now turning to our updated full year 2012 guidance. We expect full year revenue growth of mid-single-digits at the higher end of our previously communicated range. Our expense targets as a percentage of sales are unchanged from previous guidance, with cost of sales expected to be between 9% and 10% of total revenue, R&D between 24% and 25% of total revenue and SG&A between 22% and 23% of total revenue.  We expect our tax expense in 2012 to be between 24% and 25% of pre-tax income. We also plan to execute an additional $500 million share repurchase under our existing share authorization with the objective of returning capital to shareholders. We'll plan to execute this with open market purchases over the balance of 2012.  As a result, we anticipate non-GAAP earnings per share results to be above $6.15 and GAAP earnings per share above $5.54. This modest improvement in EPS guidance reflects continued execution of our business plan and delivering the benefits of the new share repurchase program.  Now I'll hand over the call to George for his closing comments.
George A. Scangos: Okay. Thanks, Paul. Because of the successes we had in 2011, we entered 2012 with a lot to do, and we're focused on execution. Our goals for this year: to grow our leadership in multiple sclerosis by growing TYSABRI market share; stabilizing worldwide AVONEX market share; and growing FAMPYRA revenue. And we're on our way to accomplish those goals.  We're also appropriately investing to ensure that we're well prepared for the potential launch of BG-12 in MS and Factors VIII and IX in Hemophilia A and B. These activities include a ramp-up of medical and commercial capabilities for both BG-12 and Hemophilia to ensure successful future product launches.  We'll continue to advance our Phase III programs for dexpramipexole and PEGylated Interferon, which will read out later this year and early next year, respectively, as well as the trials for Daclizumab and for TYSABRI in secondary progressive MS, which will read out in 2014 and '15, respectively.  And of course, we continue to advance and grow our early-stage pipeline to ensure that we're poised for future growth. As we sit here, we're eagerly anticipating the Phase III data readouts later this year for the long-lasting blood factors for Hemophilia and for dexpramipexole, which is a therapy that has the potential to be the first treatment for ALS patients in more than 15 years.  We expect to accomplish all of that while at the same time delivering revenue and EPS growth. So we're updating our guidance to reflect our confidence in the business and our plan for the future. Lastly, we look forward to presenting highlights of both our early and late stage R&D programs, as well as our commercial strategy at our upcoming Analyst Day on June 12. We'll provide additional details about this event later this month.  And so with that, I will close our remarks and open up the call for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And your first question comes from the line of Robyn Karnauskas from Deutsche Bank.
Robyn Karnauskas - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: I just -- first maybe, Paul, if you could comment a little bit on R&D spend, you're doing a lot of Phase III trials right now and next year those might fall behind. How do you see R&D spend going forward next year? Do you think it will fall off a little bit or will be offset by the movement of these Phase II products forward?
Paul J. Clancy: Well, yes, no, we talked about this in the past. And while we're just a little bit reticent to give exact targets for next year, I mean certainly, the upward pressure on spending this year is the result of a very fortunate late stage program, set of programs that we have. Our company supports 6 or 7, depending on how you count it, late-stage programs that the bulk of our spending, as I've characterized it in the past, if you look at this on a project basis, the late-stage programs consume over half of the R&D expenses. When we spin a post pivotal trial and certainly the spinning doesn't go away, we're seeing that this year with BG-12 while patients have moved out of the trial, we continue to have spending on BG-12 for the extension study. We continue to have spending for a product as you move into safety. But it does decline on a project-by-project basis. So I think that we don't have the upward pressure on R&D spending as we go into 2013 that we're seeing now. As I also noted, for Q1, we had some spending for DAC on manufacturing campaigns, as well as the blood factors. Those are at risk. Those are things that we, nevertheless, feel important to do. So if these products do get to the marketplace that we're getting to the marketplace with the most, the adequate product supply, obviously, in good kind of product presentations, which are complex kind of for both of those programs. And then obviously in the first quarter, we had the $29 million payment to ISIS. So I think that's kind of directionally where we see it going as we move into 2013. And then I think the other key factor, obviously, is the range of business development activity, which to date has really been focused on building the early-stage pipeline which, by and large, consumes a far more manageable amount of spending.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Marshall Urist from Morgan Stanley.
Marshall Urist - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: So just wanted to get a few more thoughts on TYSABRI. We did see the net patient adds pick up this quarter. It'd be great to get your thoughts, Tony, on how the assay's rolling out, what you've been able to accomplish so far there, and how you see that playing out over the balance of the year for TYSABRI volumes.
Tony Kingsley: So I think we feel good about the trajectory. As we said, country-by-country, month-by-month, quarter-by-quarter, you may have some lumpiness in the way patients get added. But overall that's on a positive trajectory, both in the U.S. and externally. As I said discontinuations in the U.S. have remained stable quarter-over-quarter. I think the key thing is we are seeing increased demand. We're seeing nice increases in the U.S. and TOUCH forms and in demand outside the U.S. And I think that's based on increasing physician confidence, given the risk stratification, increasing interest in patients on and we do see evidence of moving patients to TYSABRI sooner, earlier switches to get the benefit of the efficacy. So I think we're going to continue to see more of that as we go through the course of the year and we feel very good about the trajectory.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Michael Yee from RBC Capital Markets.
Michael J. Yee - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: So disclosed in the 10-K was some commentary about BG-12 new potential patent extensions. Can you just sort of walk through base case for your patents on BG-12 and then what you're filing and how you see that extension play out as noted in the 10-K?
Paul J. Clancy: Yes, Michael, this is Paul. The base case is -- really needs to be framed out U.S. versus Rest of World. In the United States, we have patents that take us late into this decade, 2019. And we are -- our planning assumption is some extension with respect to kind of a Hatch-Waxman extension. Outside the United States, we feel good that data exclusivity will protect us and the planning assumption we're using outside the United States is 8 years plus 2. So that almost lines the product up on the North Atlantic basis in a very similar time period. We're working hard, but really don't have any specifics to share with respect to everything we can do to extend that. But certainly, nothing to report at this point in time.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Eric Schmidt from Cowen and Company.
Eric Schmidt - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: A question for, probably, Paul on AVONEX. I see on Slide 24 you're reporting the unit shipments. I'm just wondering if, for the price increases, I guess one in December and one in early March, has any impact on inventory fluctuations. And then sort of Part B of that question, what percent of the price increases are actually being realized these days?
Paul J. Clancy: Yes, good questions, Eric. We don't typically kind of put out Page 24. But we thought it was important to put that level of detail out because the concern and the question on AVONEX in January. As you can see, and this is units, as you can see, January kind of came down. That happens occasionally, but it was certainly exaggerated in 2012. We think it's probably owing to what you alluded to in that there were advanced purchases downstream from our customers in the fourth quarter or potentially even earlier. I don't think the March impacted any at all impacts that was very much associated with the PEN getting approved in a very similar time period.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mark Schoenebaum from ISI Group.
Mark J. Schoenebaum - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: Number one, Celgene on their earnings call talked about an inventory work down in the U.S. in the 1Q, driven largely by the merger of the 2 major PBMs. And I appreciated your detailed comments. It wasn't entirely clear to me, it may have just been me, it wasn't entirely clear to me if you also saw impact from that particular merger. So I was wondering if you can comment on that, Paul. And then, maybe for George, the $500 million share repurchase program you announced today, that sounds great. But you're sitting on $2.7 billion of cash. And so why not do more? Especially ahead of the BG-12 launch and data, things that look like certainly they could inflect the stock price again. Certainly from the outside, it looks like you might be accreting cash to do something a little bit more dramatic. And I was wondering if you could talk me off the ledge.
Paul J. Clancy: Stay on the ledge, Mark, first of all. The inventory that was noted last week by one of our peer -- I think many of us probably have a similar broad dynamics but the specifics are different. We did not experience, due to the consolidation of PBMs, that issue. The doughnut hole issue was a minor issue as well for us. Our specific issues were what we believe is the 2 that were noted in terms of downstream purchases and then this CVS and Accredo kind of owing to the federal employees. George, you want to?
George A. Scangos: Yes. Look, I don't think you should interpret anything based on our $500 million stock buyback. We are doing a $500 million stock buyback. That's not to say that's the only stock buyback we will do. It's what we are prepared to talk about today. And we have really nothing to add to our comments here. We'll continue to use our cash for stock buybacks, for what Paul has termed tuck-in acquisitions. So I think no major deviations from what we said in the past. So I think you can get off your ledge, and not by jumping.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Geoff Meacham from JPMorgan.
Geoffrey C. Meacham - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: A question for you on TYSABRI unit growth in the U.S. When you look back the past couple of quarters, I think the past 3, it's grown about 0% or 1% sequentially. And so my question is, aside from the JCV assays or something unique about the U.S. market for TYSABRI, and then in terms of a benefit from price increase, maybe remind us of the gross, the net and how much that's changed over the past few quarters?
Tony Kingsley: Thanks, Geoff. It's Tony. So I think the U.S. story is pretty straightforward in that risk stratification has gotten us back on the efficacy message, to be honest with you. And so what we're seeing is nice, healthy increases in patient demand in addition to patients over time. And I think that's driving the -- I think that's driving the unit growth. I don't think it's a lot more complicated than that from a sort of how you model it out standpoint. From a pricing standpoint, the last TYSABRI price, I think, was increased slightly by A-LONG at the end of the year. That's typically been a end of year or midyear kind of time frame. We have managed to capture the benefit of the price increases that have happened over the last couple of years. The issue, of course, is at the customer level, because of ASP plus 6 dynamics. We need to make sure that our customers are continuing to have attractive or not unattractive economics, and there's always a little bit of disruption quarter-to-quarter as you shift over that time frame.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ravi Mehrotra from Crdit Suisse.
Ravi Mehrotra - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Thanks for taking my question, it's for George. As we move into 2013 and think about your BG-12 ramp up and launch, should we think about the SG&A costs for that as incremental, or are they cost reallocation? Apparently you have an established MS franchise.
George A. Scangos: I think it's a mix, right? There are certainly customer facing people that we'll add. We want to make sure that we don't take the -- our foot off the accelerator for AVONEX or for TYSABRI, both of which we'll continue to be very aggressive about. And at the same time we need to introduce BG-12, and that simply requires more customer facing people. At the same time, we have a lot of infrastructure, as you said, on which we can piggyback. So there will be some additional costs. But certainly, not as many additional costs as we would have if we weren't already in the MS space.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Tony Butler from Barclays Capital.
Charles Anthony Butler - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Paul, you've explained AVONEX U.S. very well. The question I have, though, is internationally on the $7 million that's due to a product recall. What prevents that for not necessarily occurring again in the future? Then, is this just simply one country or one area where the expiry did occur and more of a why could that not be larger in the future? And along the same lines, could you also just elaborate a little more about your expectation for international demand? Is it just going to weaken or will it be relatively flat?
Paul J. Clancy: Good question. George and I are going to take this one, Tony.
George A. Scangos: Yes, let me start out with the expiry -- expired material. Look, the issue had to do with how a small number of lots were stored for a period of time last year. And although at that time we felt that it was fine, those storage conditions led to shorter dating for some of the product and we pulled that back from the market and replaced it with other material. We know the cost. It was an isolated event. It's material that we've made both before and after is fine. And so we are not concerned that this is an ongoing problem. This is a onetime event limited to a specific set of lots. So I think that answers part of the question, and I'll turn the other part over to Paul.
Paul J. Clancy: Yes, so I think, Tony, you're kind of asking about international demand from an MS broadly, at least that's how I'll try to address it. What we have seen for a number of years is kind of U.S. kind of category, kind of in the low single-digits and outside the United States, being 5% or 6% or 7% above that. So high single-digit growth from a total MS perspective. I would expect that we'll continue to see that in the near term, and it's very traditional where we're seeing kind of Europe growth a little bit slower, but other parts of the world being accretive with respect to growth perspective. And then fundamentally, I mean certainly, there is a thesis that we believe that BG-12 has the potential to expand the market broadly, both in the United States as well as rest of world, just kind of fundamentally innovation bringing some quitters, if you will, some patients that aren't on therapy back into the marketplace. I don't want to exaggerate that point, but I do think that that's certainly a strong tailwind for the business as we move into 2013.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jim Birchenough from BMO Capital.
Jim Birchenough - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: Just still wanted to dig in to the comment on lumpiness on TYSABRI, it suggests alternating tailwinds and headwinds. Are you seeing anything specific in terms of headwinds ahead that might be predictive of lumpiness or the wrong direction in the next quarter? And then specifically, just on the dynamics around the JC virus cast. Could you maybe describe the proportion of patients that are on TYSABRI that are negative versus positive, have we got most of the patients who are positive off the drug? And is there any [indiscernible] of patients coming off that might be candidates for discontinuation?
Tony Kingsley: Yes, thanks, it's Tony. Thank you for the question. So no, we don't see any particular -- when I talk about lumpiness, if you look at country-by-country, month-by-month, as the assay has rolled out, people got tested, we've generated more demand, in some cases you've had more -- it can be a little lumpy month-to-month. We've just seen that over the time frame. But we feel collectively, when you add those all together, the pattern looks good, and we feel like we're on the right trajectory. So no particular headwinds, just always to caution it on a short-term basis. The exact dynamics in the patients can go up and down a little bit. But we see, as you saw in the unit growth numbers and in the overall patient growth numbers, we feel very good on that front. In terms of testing dynamics no, all positives have not, by any means, come off. I think we're very early days in that cycle. We've actually seen the majority of positives continue to stay on the product. The long-term discontinuation for that group, I think, is an open question. We think we will lose more positives over time. But today, it's been actually quite sticky with the majority of positives staying on.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Rachel McMinn from Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Rachel L. McMinn - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Just on BG-12, curious what you're going to do with the aspirin results and how we should be thinking about just your positioning on the tolerability profile we see in the initial trends in GI and flushing affects, whether you'll be able to go out with a message, with data of how to manage that better? And then I don't think you commented, but on this expectation for standard versus priority review, your timeline suggests that you are planning for a standard review, but would you be prepared to go forward with -- if you got priority review to launch the product this year?
George A. Scangos: Yes, this is George. Maybe I can take that question. Look, the aspirin study was an interesting study. I think it showed some very encouraging results, indicated that the flushing can be dealt with, with aspirin. That was not a label-enabling study. I don't think we expect to be -- have that on the label and be promoting on it. But it's an important piece of information, I think, for community to know. In terms -- what was the second part of the question, was standard versus priority review. Let me say, all of the indications we've had and based on interactions with the FDA indicate we will have a standard review. If we are surprised and we get a priority review, we certainly will be ready to move forward on that basis, but we're not expecting that.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Yaron Werber from Citigroup.
Yaron Werber - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: I have 2 questions. Just help us understand a little bit with TYSABRI, the $17 million in deferred revs related to the Italian subsidiary, is that something that once it's resolved you will re-book that as a revenue that's going to hit the revenue line? Or is that going to be more of a balance sheet issue? And then second, just, Paul, relating to AVONEX inventory. I mean, it sounds like there are kind of 2 things going on. One is sort of inventories not at the direct wholesalers, but sort of at specialty pharmacy. And then there was the $7 million withdrawal related to the products recall. Do you have a sense as to where inventories at sort of at that channel is going to be going forward? Is that going to be stable, or is there going to be some more fluctuations into Q2?
Paul J. Clancy: Yes, thank you, Yaron. Yes, so look, the accounting -- deferred revenue is just that. If it gets resolved and back to the price per unit that we agreed with the original 2006 claim, that will come back to the P&L. But I just want to caution you on this, there's lots of different scenarios of how it gets resolved. We've tried to describe that in fairly great detail in our 10-K filing. We'll kind of update that in the 10-Q. Nothing really meaningfully in terms of an update. But if it got resolved to, with respect to a favorable, that would be certainly the deferred revenue would come to the P&L at the quarter that it got resolved. In addition, the Q4 deferral is in the same vein. With respect to AVONEX, the AVONEX inventory, it's exactly how you referred to. We have a very good pulse on the inventory levels with our customers in the United States. In fact, we have contractual relationships where they exchange, electronically exchange data with us in order for us to supply and in order for us to know those inventory levels. And those are monitored very, very tightly. And look, the inventory situation in January or the first quarter, while it was meaningful and we wanted to point it out, I do want to frame it out that it is less than a one-week of inventory in the channel. So it's just, I want to just kind of frame it up. But it is exactly what you said, is that downstream from those, the specialty pharmacies or the retail pharmacies for that matter, could have increased their inventory levels. We don't think that, that is a long-term thing. I mean, it's just, but it did kind of impact us for the quarter, and we're going to continue to work hard on that.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Brian Abrahams from Wells Fargo Securities.
Brian Abrahams - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: I know it's early days. But I was wondering if you might be able to comment on the extent to which you may be starting to see TYSABRI capture any share potentially lost by Gilenya since some of those additional safety concerns emerged for that drug and the monitoring requirements were updated there? And just wondering if there's anything with respect to commercial strategy you might be able to do to enable you to further capitalize on that?
Tony Kingsley: Thanks, Brian. It's Tony. So I think it's early days. We have seen strength in TYSABRI overall and we've seen some strength relative to Gilenya, it's hard to put a number specifically on in the recent period. The article [indiscernible] review really just came out only a couple of weeks ago. We'll compete, so it does short term. I think if there is some hesitance to add as many new patients to Gilenya, which is what the impact of that may be, I think we're there with both AVONEX and BG-12 -- sorry, AVONEX and TYSABRI as great alternatives for that. So I think it's not as specific sort of targeting that opportunity so much as executing the strategy we have placed very well against that patient.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Matthew Roden from UBS.
Matthew Roden - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: I just want to circle back, Paul, you made a comment that your belief is that the BG-12 launch will result in a larger market size here in multiple sclerosis. But if you look at the 2013 consensus for BG-12 sales, it's about $360 million which is a good bit below what Gilenya did in its first 12 months of sales. So I guess, for Tony or Doug or whoever wants to take this, when you look at the Gilenya and BG-12 profiles, would you expect a similar or different launch in terms of capturing switches, new patient starts, motivating quitters to come on the therapy?
Tony Kingsley: Yes, thanks. It's Tony. Let me take that. I think, given the profile as it's shaping up for BG-12, we are optimistic and believe that we should outperform Gilenya in terms of patient acquisition over the first 12 months. The logic for that is, again, as the profile appears to be shaping up but mostly where the label comes out, it lacks some of the upfront, logistical complexity and monitoring appears at will, which would be a relative advantage. We have existing relationships with a lot of customers and we think that based on a -- and last week there's certainly a lot of interest in the market. So from a patient acquisition standpoint, we've certainly set the goal commercially to exceed what Gilenya has done in the first 12 months.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Thomas Wei from Jefferies.
Thomas Wei - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Maybe just to follow up on the last question, could you help us understand your most recent research on how large the pull of these quitters are, both in the U.S. and Europe? And then just separately, how long does it take to do a manufacturing run of dexpramipexole?
Paul J. Clancy: Tom, this is Paul. So look, I don't think we have very precise data on the untreated and -- or the treated but unsatisfied quitter population on the sideline. Our estimate has always been about 100,000 patients in the United States. And probably, a little bit smaller amount of patients outside the United States. But that's a very -- I mean, if you think about that, that's a very sizable number on what is currently in the magnitude of 640,000 to 650,000 treated patients on disease modifying therapies. Certainly, all of those won't come back to therapy simply for a safer oral, but there's certainly a big number of those. And the second part was with respect to the DAC. Let me give you a little bit more flavor on both of those, and I'm probably getting out of my league here a little bit. But Factor VIII, it just takes a number of -- a long lead time to really, to get to manufacturing campaigns done. And we're doing some product development work, important product development work, such that the product presentations that we bring to the market and that it gets right down to kind of viables and all that type of stuff in kind of devices is highly competitive, vis--vis, the incumbents in the marketplace. And DAC is simply a matter of a little bit of a complicated API that we wanted to make sure that we're kind of well ahead of that. Obviously, DAC is the kind of meaningfully at risk spending that we're doing. But given this patient population, the high unmet need, we felt that it was important to put that average month spending to work.
Douglas Edward Williams: And just to follow up on that. I mean, we're recently operating within time lines where we're producing material at risk, as Paul says. But that material will essentially come off all of the quality testing and be released in time for sort of the aggressive time lines that we would have for approval of either of those products. So we're sort of front-loading, if you will, the manufacturing process. The real time to having product available comes from the release testing that goes on, particularly for dexpramipexole. But the whole goal here is to have product available at the time that we might be able to launch.
Operator: And we have time for one more question. Your last question comes from the line of Gene Mack from Mizuho.
Gene Mack - Mizuho Securities USA Inc., Research Division: A couple on dexpramipexole. First, I saw on those slides, on the data readouts, that there's 2 planned data readouts for DAC. And I'm just wondering is it mostly ongoing Phase III and if one is a long-term follow-up. And then from the Phase II trial, are any of those patients still being followed currently? And then are there any plans for presenting that data if those patients are still being followed? And then just the last thing I was wondering is are there any ongoing efficacy studies right now or do you plan to do any ongoing efficacy studies at higher doses for DAC? So it's just the 2 data readouts that you have on the slides, the patients from the Phase II, if any of those are still being followed and will you present that, and then anything on the higher doses?
Douglas Edward Williams: So Al and I will take this. This is Doug. In terms of the timing of top line data, we're still expecting fourth quarter this year. So that date has not changed. I know that there was a statement made at AAN about perhaps December, perhaps January and maybe that's where some of the confusion is coming in. But top line data for the EMPOWER study is expected from us in the fourth quarter of this year. And then as far as following patients from the Phase II, I'll let Al handle that one.
Alfred Sandrock: So there is a second star on dexpramipexole out of 2014, and that's that there is a plan to do a second study if we need to. And in that study, we are thinking about potentially incorporating a higher dose, and we're evaluating that potential now. And the safety extension study does go on from the Phase II. We're not reporting any results from that yet, but we plan to report that at a future scientific meeting.
Wendy Gabel: Thanks, everyone. That was our last call. Thanks for participating, and you may disconnect.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2011 Q4  (2012-01-31 08:00:00) =====
Executives: Kia Khaleghpour - Associate Director of Investor Relations George A. Scangos - Chief Executive Officer and Director Douglas Edward Williams - Executive Vice President of Research and Development Tony Kingsley - Executive Vice President of Global Commercial Operations Paul J. Clancy - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President of Finance Alfred Sandrock - Head of Neurology Research & Development William D. Young - Chairman, Member of Corporate Governance Committee and Member of Science & Technology Committee
Analysts: Geoffrey C. Meacham - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Robyn Karnauskas - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Mark J. Schoenebaum - ISI Group Inc., Research Division Matthew Roden - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Eric Schmidt - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division Michael J. Yee - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division Rachel L. McMinn - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Yaron Werber - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Ravi Mehrotra - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division Geoffrey C. Porges - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division Thomas Wei - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division Joshua Schimmer - Leerink Swann LLC, Research Division Charles Anthony Butler - Barclays Capital, Research Division
Operator: Good morning. My name is Melissa, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Biogen Idec Fourth Quarter and Year-End Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Ms. Kia Khaleghpour, Associate Director of Investor Relations, you may begin your conference.
Kia Khaleghpour: Thank you, and welcome to Biogen Idec's Fourth Quarter 2011 Earnings Conference Call. Before we begin, I encourage everyone to go to the Investors section of biogenidec.com to find the press release and related financial tables, including a reconciliation of the non-GAAP financial measures, that we'll discuss today. Our GAAP financials are provided in Tables 1 and 2. Table 3 include a reconciliation of the GAAP to non-GAAP results, which we believe better represents the ongoing economics of our business and reflects how we manage the business internally. We have also posted slides on our website that follow the discussions related to this call.  As usual, we'll start with the Safe Harbor statement. Comments made in this conference call include forward-looking statements that are subject to risks and uncertainties. Words such as believe, expect, may, plan, will and similar expressions are intended to identify such statements. Actual results could differ materially from our expectations, and you should carefully review the risks and uncertainties that are described in our earnings slides, earnings release and in the risk factors section of our most recent annual and quarterly reports filed with the SEC. We do not undertake any obligation to publicly update any forward-looking statements. Today on the call, I'm joined by Dr. George Scangos, Chief Executive Officer; Dr. Doug Williams, Executive Vice President of Research and Development; Tony Kingsley, Executive Vice President of Global Commercial Operations; and Paul Clancy, Executive Vice President of Finance and Chief Financial Officer. We'll also be joined for the Q&A portion of the call by Dr. Al Sandrock, Senior Vice President of Development, Sciences and Chief Medical Officer. Now I'll turn the call over to George.
George A. Scangos: Okay, thanks, Kia, and good morning, everyone. We had a very productive fourth quarter and -- which concluded a really, I think, great year for Biogen Idec. Recall that in 2011, our goals were to deliver double-digit EPS growth, grow AVONEX and TYSABRI share while pursuing the serological assay and risk stratification to further unlock the value of TYSABRI, advance our late stage pipeline and continue to drive cultural change. We delivered on all these goals and we've run a long way towards building a foundation for long term growth for Biogen Idec.  In 2011, our product -- total product revenues were up 11% year-over-year and non-GAAP diluted EPS ended the year at $5.90, a 15% increase over 2010. In 2011, our AVONEX commercial team substantially improved the business and AVONEX global sales reached $2.7 billion, a 7% increase year-over-year. We introduced the AVONEX PEN to the European markets and Canada, thereby improving the administration for patients and reinvigorating physician interest and we filed for marketing authorization of the AVONEX PEN in the U.S. TYSABRI end-market sales grew 23% year-over-year to reach $1.5 billion in 2011, and we hit key milestones that are important for unlocking the value of TYSABRI. First, the assay for JC virus antibodies was made broadly available in both the U.S. and the EU. Second, the TYSABRI product label was updated in both the EU and the U.S. to include JC virus antibody status as a risk factor for the development of PML. There's been tremendous interest from the MS community in risk stratification and we believe that the large majority of TYSABRI patients now know their antibody status and that increasing numbers of patients considering TYSABRI are being tested as well. Against long odds, we were able to convince the EMA to reverse their initially negative opinion for FAMPYRA and we obtained conditional EU marketing approval. We launched FAMPYRA in Germany in 2011 and plan additional launches this year. Turning to R&D, our late-stage pipeline advanced substantially in 2011, led obviously by BG-12, but also including significant advances in many other portfolio compounds, both early and late. As you know, BG-12 data in 2 large clinical trials were very encouraging. These 2 clinical trials, with more than 2,600 patients, represent the largest data set for any new drug in relapsing-remitting MS to date. We're now focused on bringing this potentially major new therapy to patients with MS as soon as possible. SELECT, the first of 2 registrational trials for Daclizumab, showed impressive clinical results in 2011 and supported the continuation of the second registrational study, DECIDE. We also completed enrollment for ADVANCE, our Phase III trial, evaluating once monthly subcutaneous PEGylated Interferon for relapsing-remitting MS, and we completed enrollment for EMPOWER, the first global Phase III study of dexpramipexole for the treatment of ALS or Lou Gehrig's disease. Turning to our Hemophilia programs, Phase I/II data were presented for our Long-Lasting Factor VIII product in Kyoto candidate [ph] in Japan in 2011, addressing an important unmet need in the Hemophilia community, where less frequent injections will reduce the treatment burden and potentially provide better long-term outcomes for patients. Our Phase III trials continued to enroll successfully during the year. In fact, our clinical trial enrollment improved so much during the year that we substantially overspent our budget for these trials. That, of course, is a good over-expenditure that resulted from improved execution. In 2011, we were able to meet or exceed our enrollment targets for almost everyone of our clinical trials. And I'd like to point out that even with these additional clinical expenses, we surpassed our earnings target. As part of our goal to drive cultural change and reinvigorate R&D, we focused on the areas where we have the most expertise and where we have the most promising assets: neurology, immunology and Hemophilia. We increased our efforts to move internal programs forward and looked for new high-quality assets to grow our early-stage pipeline. We successfully advanced our Anti-Lingo program in relapsing MS, as well as our Anti-TWEAK program for lupus nephritis. We announced the collaboration with Portola Pharmaceuticals to develop and commercialize an oral, highly selective Syk Inhibitor and with ISIS for compounds to target spinal muscular atrophy. We also announced the joint venture with Samsung for the development of Biosimilars, leveraging our world-class protein engineering and biologics manufacturing capabilities while allowing us to remain focus -- maintain focus on discovering, developing and delivering innovative new therapies for patients. Because of our successes in 2011, we've entered 2012 with a lot to do. We'll continue to focus on execution as we invest in our future success. Our goals for this year are to grow our leadership in multiple sclerosis by growing TYSABRI market shares, stabilizing worldwide AVONEX market share and growing FAMPYRA revenue. We'll invest significantly to ensure that we're well prepared for the potential launch of BG-12 in MS and Factors VIII and IX in Hemophilia A and B. These activities include successful regulatory filings for BG-12 this year and the appropriate ramp-up of commercial and medical capabilities for both BG-12 and Hemophilia to ensure successful future product launches. 2012 is a building year for Biogen Idec. All of these activities, of course, take substantial resources. Additionally, we'll continue to build our early-stage pipeline and continue our focus on culture. I'm pleased to say that we expect to accomplish this year of building and preparation for product launches while at the same time delivering revenue and EPS growth. And with that, I'll now turn the call over to Doug Williams, our Executive VP of R&D.
Douglas Edward Williams: Thanks, George. Let me start by thanking and congratulating the R&D organization for all their efforts and success in 2011. It's been a year of significant accomplishments, spanning the entire pipeline from research to marketed products. During Q4, we continued to make considerable progress on several aspects of our late stage R&D programs, which positions the company to launch a series of meaningful new drugs, addressing significant unmet medical needs for patients and positioning the company for future revenue growth. Let me recap progress in Q4, starting with our MS pipeline. Earlier this month, we announced that the FDA approved a product label change for TYSABRI, which identifies antiJCV antibody status as a risk factor for developing PML. This is the third distinct risk factor identified, and reflects our commitment to providing important benefit risk information to treating physicians and their patients when considering TYSABRI as a treatment option. Infection with the JC virus is required for the development of PML, and patients who are antiJCV antibody positive, therefore, have a greater risk of developing PML. Moving on to BG-12, the team is aggressively working on regulatory submissions for BG-12 and we plan to file with the FDA and EMA in the first half of this year. The profile of BG-12 seen in the DEFINE and CONFIRM Phase III studies indicates a favorable benefit risk profile for this drug with the convenience of oral dosing. While we conducted the Phase III studies with the formulation administered as 2 capsules twice or 3 times a day, we have since completed a bioequivalent study for 1 capsule formulation, which could allow for 1 capsule twice a day. We plan to also include this new formulation as part of the filing. ADVANCE, the Phase III registrational study of PEG-Interferon and 1,500 patients with relapsing-remitting MS completed enrollment in Q4. This trial is being conducted under a Special Protocol Assessment with the FDA with an annualized relapse rate at 1 year as the primary endpoint. We anticipate top-line data to be available in early 2013. In the U.S., we've also focused on providing a better patient experience with the AVONEX PEN and the AVONEX Titration Kit to make self-administration more convenient and to help reduce flu-like symptoms at the outset of therapy. The PDUFA date for both the AVONEX PEN and the Titration Kit is in the first half of this year. Turning to the rest of our neurology pipeline. Top-line data for the EMPOWER study, the first Phase III study of dexpramipexole and ALS is anticipated in the second half of 2012. Dex is a novel, oral compound that appears to have neuroprotective properties based on experimental and preclinical studies and may slow the loss of motor neuron function by improving mitochondrial energy utilization. EMPOWER, which has been conducted under a Special Protocol Assessment approved by the FDA, utilizes a novel primary endpoint, which combines survival and functional decline. The Phase II results of dex published in Nature Medicine in November of last year, was the first positive dose-ranging study of a new agent in ALS in nearly 15 years. In this study, the combined endpoint of survival and functional decline was statistically significant when comparing low versus high doses of dex. Our current plans are to initiate endeavor, the second Phase III study of dexpramipexole, which incorporates higher drug doses subsequent to the EMPOWER data readout. This will allow us to incorporate any learnings from EMPOWER into the endeavor design. I want to clarify that the EMPOWER study is ongoing, and thus, remains blinded. We're not making the change in the second trial timing due to any knowledge or speculation about EMPOWER or due to any other signals, but rather as a way of optimizing the overall data set from the 2 clinical studies. Moving on to our Hemophilia programs. Enrollment is nearly complete in our A-LONG study. We're dosing the last nonsurgical patients now, and we'll continue to enroll surgery patients through the first half of the year. We expect top-line data readout for both B-LONG and A-LONG studies for Long-Lasting Recombinant Factor IX and VIII, respectively, in the second half of this year. We believe that both of these product candidates have the potential to offer compelling innovation and benefits to Hemophilia patients. Along with the substantial progress I just reviewed on our late-stage clinical programs, we've also taken concrete steps to bolster our earlier stage development pipeline. Rebuilding the Phase I and II pipeline is a long-term strategic imperative for the company and will be accomplished by disciplined investments in internal discoveries and targeted transactions to obtain highly differentiated assets in our core focus areas. We previously announced the global collaboration with Isis Pharmaceuticals, targeting spinal muscular atrophy, also known as SMA. SMA is a genetic neuromuscular disease characterized by muscle atrophy and weakness, and is the most common genetic cause of infant mortality. One child out of every 10,000 births worldwide is born with SMA. Children with SMA generally appear normal at birth, with symptoms developing as early as a few months after birth. The most severe forms of the disease children have significant neuromuscular defects and a lifespan of approximately 2 years. Isis anti-sense therapy is designed to correct the underlying genetic defect that causes SMA. This collaboration fits with our mission of bringing innovative therapies to patients with serious neurologic diseases. I'm also pleased with the progress that the R&D team has made advancing and adding to our Phase I and II portfolio. The Anti-Lingo and relapsing MS and the Anti-TWEAK antibody and lupus nephritis programs have been approved to go to Phase II, and we expect patient dosing to start in the first half and second half of 2012, respectively. These 2 programs are highly differentiated therapies, discovered and developed internally, and we'll have more to say about these 2 programs as Phase II dosing begins. We've also advanced 2 additional programs from research into development in 2011. We plan to hold an R&D day this year to highlight progress in the strength in innovation of our growing early-stage pipeline. More details to follow on this event. In summary, I'm extremely pleased with the progress that the R&D organization has shown this past quarter. Our late-stage pipeline is one of the most enviable in the industry and we're making tangible progress on building a sustainable and high-value early-stage pipeline. I look forward to providing you with further updates on our progress in the coming quarters. With that, I'll now pass the call to Tony Kingsley, our Executive Vice President of Global Commercial Operations.
Tony Kingsley: Thank you, Doug. The MS franchise continued its strong momentum into the fourth quarter as we delivered double-digit revenue growth for both the quarter and the full year. In the fourth quarter, AVONEX continued to show resilience in the U.S. while we experienced growth ex-U.S. Worldwide, units grew 1% while revenue increased 8% in the fourth quarter, capping off a solid year for the franchise and highlighting our refocused commercial execution. Despite pressure on the ABCRE market, fourth quarter U.S. AVONEX units were in line with the previous quarter, with the anticipated U.S. approval of AVONEX PEN, and for the AVONEX Titration Kit in 2012, we will continue to build upon these 2011 results. Outside the U.S., fourth quarter units and revenues both grew 4% year-on-year, and for the full year, units gained 6%. AVONEX remains the market leader, and share growth was strong in countries where we have launched the AVONEX PEN such as the U.K., Germany, Canada and the Netherlands. Moving to TYSABRI. We made tremendous progress with both sales performance and the advancement of risk stratification, which continues to drive interest in the brand. The JCV assay became commercially available in both the EU and U.S. last year. And as of December 31, there have been approximately 87,000 JCV tests globally, some of which are patients being tested for the second time. We believe that the majority of TYSABRI patients have now been tested for their JCV antibody status. As we saw last quarter, the very rapid uptake of the assay created uneven net new patient growth due to increased discontinuation as more patients became aware of the their JCV antibody status. At the same time, demand for TYSABRI remained robust and we remain confident that the increased interest in risk stratification will continue to drive strong demand going forward. Full-year global units increased 16% while revenues to Biogen Idec increased 20%. Net new patients increased by 7,200 for the year, an increase of 13%. In the U.S., fourth quarter TYSABRI units grew 10% year-on-year. This is the fifth consecutive quarter where we delivered unit growth for TYSABRI. For the full year, units grew 12%. With the recent FDA label approval that identified the antiJCV antibody status as an additional risk factor, we are now able to speak actively with neurologists and provide the MS community with more confidence when considering treatment options. Outside of the U.S., TYSABRI units grew 19% for the full year and 20% in the fourth quarter. In these markets, TYSABRI also grew 2x faster than the overall MS market growth rate, driven by both patient growth and additional country launches. While we're still in the beginning stages of the FAMPYRA launch, we're encouraged by the early strong results. There's been pent-up demand for the therapy, and given our strong position in the MS marketplace, we continue to gain access to physician and drive additional interest.  In Germany, we've seen strong uptake, with more than 7,000 patients exposed to FAMPYRA through year end since its launch in September 2011. This important therapy is currently available in Germany, the U.K., Australia, Denmark, Norway and Iceland. Additional launch preparation is underway for the rest of Europe and regulatory filings are planned in over 20 additional countries this year. In 2012, our focus will be to drive our existing commercial therapies, keeping the momentum we've seen in 2011 going forward. We're excited about preparing our organization for potentially multiple product launches. With the expectation of the first-half 2013 launch for BG-12, we are making investments now in product positioning, promotional planning, scientific outreach, shaping our patient support services and supply chain. We plan to build customer-facing resources later in the year. Similarly, preparations are underway as we make investments in our Hemophilia franchise for an expected mid-2013 launch. We are new to the Hemophilia market but we've already put in place a commercial team composed of seasoned professionals with significant experience in the Hemophilia space, which we will scale up as we get closer to launch. We are developing relationships with the medical and scientific community globally and we will be leveraging our strengths in patient services. We believe that this will offer a competitive advantage to the Hemophilia marketplace. We're making great progress and are on track for successfully executing multiple product launches in the coming years. I'm confident that we'll continue to build upon our commercial foundation and that will drive future growth. With that, I'll turn the call over to Paul Clancy, our Chief Financial Officer.
Paul J. Clancy: Thanks, Tony. Our GAAP diluted earnings per share was $1.22 in the fourth quarter and $5.04 for the full year. The difference between our GAAP and non-GAAP results for the fourth quarter include $50 million related to the amortization of acquired intangibles, $30 million for contingent consideration and $3 million in stock compensation expense. This was partially offset by the tax impact on these items. Our non-GAAP diluted earnings per share was $1.51 for Q4, representing a 6% increase versus prior year, and for the full year, non-GAAP diluted earnings per share was $5.90, representing a 15% increase. Total revenue for the fourth quarter grew 9% to $1.3 billion and grew 7% for the full year, surpassing $5 billion. In the U.S., AVONEX grew 10% in Q4 to $421 million, while the full year U.S. AVONEX revenues increased 9% to $1.6 billion. Inventory in the channel ended at just over 2.3 weeks. Internationally, Q4 AVONEX revenue was $282 million, an increase of 4% compared to the fourth quarter of 2010. Foreign exchange had a minimal impact this quarter. For the full year and -- international AVONEX revenue increased 3% to $1.1 billion. Foreign exchange strengthened AVONEX revenue by $51 million. However, this was offset by a $31 million hedge loss as compared to a $35 million hedge gain in 2010. TYSABRI worldwide end-market sales were $381 million in Q4 and $1.5 billion for the year, up 14% and 23%, respectively. Biogen Idec reported TYSABRI revenue of $269 million in Q4 and $1.1 billion for the full year. In the U.S., Q4 TYSABRI revenue to Biogen Idec grew 25% to $87 million. Full year TYSABRI product revenue was $326 million, an increase of 29%. Q4 international TYSABRI product revenue was $182 million and $753 million for the full year. Fourth quarter revenues were impacted by a $14 million accrual related to a discount in our Italian affiliate. We received notification from the Italian National Medicines Agency stating that the sales of TYSABRI had exceeded a limit established during our 2006 price determination. We've challenged the agency's claim. However, our fourth quarter accounting treatment has resulted in a $14 million reserve related to this issue. We hope to have resolution in the first half of 2012. The impact of foreign exchange for full year TYSABRI added $38 million to international revenues versus prior year, which was offset by a $6 million loss from hedging compared to an $11 million hedge gain in 2010. Note also similar to prior quarters, we've updated prior quarter TYSABRI patient numbers to reflect the best information available. U.S. RITUXAN sales were $721 million in the fourth quarter, up 4%. For the full year, U.S. RITUXAN sales were $2.9 billion, up 6% driven by an increase in the maintenance setting in NHL and continued uptake in CLL. Our profit-sharing expense reimbursement from this business was $228 million for Q4 and $879 million for the full year. Royalties and profit share in sales of Rituximab outside the U.S. in Q4 were $30 million and $118 million for the full year. The result was $258 million of revenue from unconsolidated joint business in Q4 and $997 million for the full year. FAMPYRA revenue was $10 million for Q4, largely driven by Germany, but also includes sales from select European countries and Australia. Royalties were $53 million for the fourth quarter, an increase of 16%. The increase was mainly due to hitting a new royalty tier on sales of ANGIOMAX. This new tier is applied to all year-to-date revenue in our accounting model. For the full year 2011, royalty revenue was $158 million, an increase of 15%. We recorded $20 million of corporate partner revenue in the quarter, driven by third-party manufacturing contracts with strategic partners. For 2011, we recorded $57 million of corporate partner revenue. Now turning to expense lines from the non-GAAP P&L. Fourth quarter cost of sales were $140 million or 11% of revenues, which included increased global JC virus assay test and the increased costs for the AVONEX PEN. Fourth quarter R&D expense was $338 million or 25% of revenues, which included the $36 million payment to Portola and an increased spending related to our late-stage programs. For the full year, R&D expense was $1.2 billion or 24% of revenues. Q4 SG&A expense was $282 million or 21% of revenues, an increase of 3% over the same period last year. Continuing down the P&L, our collaboration profit sharing line totaled $73 million in expense for the quarter and $318 million for the year. Our Q4 non-GAAP tax rate was 24.3%, benefiting from a higher level of orphan drug research credits in favorable settlements from prior-year audits. In the fourth quarter, our weighted average diluted shares were 245 million, essentially flat versus prior quarters. During Q4, we repurchased approximately 1 million shares for a total cost of $111 million for the purpose of 2012 share stabilization. We ended the quarter with $3.1 billion in cash and marketable securities, split approximately 70-30 between the U.S. and outside the U.S. This brings us to our non-GAAP diluted earnings per share, which were $1.51 in the fourth quarter and $5.90 for full year. Now let me turn to full year 2012 guidance. We expect full-year revenue growth of low to mid-single digits. Cost of sales is expected to be between 9% and 10% of sales, driven by third-party manufacturing, JC virus assay test and increased costs for the AVONEX PEN. R&D is expected to be between 24% and 25% of total revenue, a modest increase versus 2011. The R&D spend continues to be driven by several Phase III trials, which will be at the high point of patient accruals, including PEG-Interferon, dexpramipexole, the 2 blood factor trials, Daclizumab and the safety extension studies for BG-12. Additionally, in January, we initiated sites for the new pediatric studies for Factor VIII and Factor IX. R&D also reflects the recent business development deals with Portola and Isis, which are important steps to rebuilding our early-stage pipeline. SG&A expense is expected to be approximately 22% to 23% of total revenue, up from 2011, primarily driven by the commercial ramp-up in preparation for the potential multiple product launches in 2013. We expect our effective tax rate in 2012 to be between 24% and 26% of pretax income. We expect the tax rate to benefit from higher orphan drug credit and also benefit from the expected conclusion in mid-2012 of the interferon beta royalty payment from our foreign affiliate to our U.S. affiliate. As a result, we anticipate non-GAAP earnings per share results between $6.10 and $6.20 and GAAP EPS to be between $5.46 and $5.56. These anticipated results assume the current FX rates and exclude any material risk related to the macroeconomic environment in Europe. Also full-year EPS guidance assumes share stabilization.  While we don't provide quarterly guidance, I do want to call out that we expect the first quarter of 2012 to be unfavorably impacted by certain items. Specifically, ANGIOMAX royalties will reset to a low revenue level in Q1 as in the past, and our R&D expenses will include the $29 million upfront payment to Isis.  Overall, we expect 2012 to be a very important financial year. Our business plan strikes a proper balance in making prudent, pre-launch investments, continuing to build in advance to promising pipeline while delivering earnings growth. These investments by design should have a relatively quick and meaningful put payback, poising our company for future bottom-line expansion.  Now over to George for his closing comments
George A. Scangos: Okay. Thanks, Paul. So before I conclude, I would like to congratulate the entire organization on their accomplishments in 2011. The performance and our outlook are a credit to the entire team, and without their dedication and passion, our overall solid financial performance and the remarkable progress we've made, advancing one of the strongest late-stage pipelines in the industry, would not have been possible. We continued our transformation of the company and met the goals we set for ourselves at the beginning of 2011. Although we've accomplished a lot so far, we still have a lot to do. In 2012, we'll focus on execution as we invest in our future success, and at the same time, deliver product and EPS growth. I'm confident that we can do this and I'm looking forward to updating you on our progress along the way during the year. So with that, we'll close our remarks and open up the call for questions.
Kia Khaleghpour: Thanks, George. Melissa, we're ready to open up the call for Q&A. We ask that you please limit yourself to one question and then reenter the queue for follow-up questions. Please state your name and your company affiliation. Melissa, we're ready for the first question.
Operator: Your first question comes from the line of Geoff Meacham from JPMorgan.
Geoffrey C. Meacham - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: When I look at the net new TYSABRI adds in 2011, it's about 1,100 less than 2010 and about 4,000 less than '09. So my question to you guys is, has the discontinuation rate changed over a multiyear period? And are the patients added in 2011 any different, so maybe more first line or less treatment-experienced patients?
Tony Kingsley: Jeff, it's Tony. So we did see an increase in discontinuation rate in sort of 2 chapters in 2011. In the early part of the year, we saw an increase in discontinuations in the U.S. as I think we've talked about because as patients went through the STRATIFY study, we got some lumpiness in the -- particularly the first quarter and the first half of the year. We saw a nice recovery from that and lots of increased demand through the year. We are facing on a country-by-country basis in Europe, somewhat of a repeat of that in the later part of 2011 into early 2012. So I think that's what you've seen. If the U.S. experience plays out, we're confident that those numbers will recover because we see more demand for the product after you get through that initial discount. In terms of the nature of the patients, I think we have seen that the general trend is more confidence -- making physicians confident moving the treatment earlier in the period [ph]. And I think we'll continue to see that going forward.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Robyn Karnauskas from Deutsche Bank.
Robyn Karnauskas - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: I guess the first question I had was maybe you can provide an update of the EXPLORER combo study and the timing of that. And second, just as a follow-up to Jeff's question, can you give maybe a little bit more color on, I think, the last thing you said about 70% of JCV positive patients are staying on drug and I'm wondering if you're seeing that trend continue of positive patients remaining on therapy?
Alfred Sandrock: This is Al Sandrock. I'll take the first question on the combo study. We'll see data this year and -- but we probably won't present it at a scientific meeting until either the second half of this year or the first half of next year.
Tony Kingsley: It's Tony. On the topic of positive patients, I dont think we've seen a meaningful change in that trend. We track that largely outside the U.S. through market research on a periodic basis. I don't think we have a meaningful update to that, country-by-country.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mark Schoenebaum from ISI.
Mark J. Schoenebaum - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: I was just wondering on the ALS trials, could you let us know if you think, Al, that -- and I realize that this could change over time, just what's your current thinking in terms of whether or not you can file -- whether or not the FDA would approve the drug based upon one trial? And then maybe on the commercial side of that, could you help us understand how many patients are out there? And then within the ALS population in the U.S., maybe roughly what percent do you think might be eligible for a drug like this? I know it's difficult without seeing the data, but any pointers I think we'd all really appreciate.
Alfred Sandrock: Hi, Mark, it's Al. The approvability based on a single trial, I think it's possible if the data are compelling, particularly on a survival endpoint. But it's hard to speculate exactly until you see the data. I think in addition to survival, you'd want to see movement in all endpoints in the same direction. So I guess we'll know it when we see the data, but it is a possibility. In terms of the numbers of patients, there's 20,000 to 30,000 patients with ALS in the United States and probably an equal number in Europe. Who would be eligible? I mean, if the results are compelling, I think it's really not too much else for these patients except for Riluzole, which has a very, very modest treatment effect. So I think a lot of patients would probably opt to go on the drug. Remember that when we opened enrollment in this trial, the interest was so high that we enrolled patients in record speed and we completed enrollment far ahead of schedule. So if that's any indication, there is a high unmet need for drugs like this.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Matt Roden from UBS.
Matthew Roden - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: George, a question for you on the expense guidance in the context of the changes that you delivered to the organization a little more than a year ago. I think your plan was to improve strategic focus, deliver $300 million in savings and 350 basis points improvement in operating expenses as a percentage of revenue. But if I look at the midpoint of the guidance range for 2012, we're looking at 47% of revenues going to SG&A and R&D, which is about, in my calculation, is 40 -- about 40 basis points better than 2010. So can you maybe reflect on the changes that you've made into the organization, the opportunities that you have here, and maybe is it just a matter of having to wait another year to see that margin improvement pull through? Can you help us reconcile all that?
George A. Scangos: Yes, sure. I mean, that's a good question. I'm glad you asked it, so we have a chance to address it. It's -- you know what is true is that the $300 million in savings that we achieved are still there, they're in there. We are in a year now when our clinical -- our late-stage clinical trial enrollment is likely at its maximum points. As Paul went through in his statement, PEGylated Interferon, dexpramipexole, the 2 blood factors, daclizumab, the safety extension studies for BG-12 are all at their peak. And so a large fraction of our R&D dollars, now way over half of our R&D dollars, is going just to pay for those trial. They enrolled more quickly than we had anticipated, which means we got up to the maximum costs more quickly than we had anticipated. And frankly, as you think about the company going forward, you expect to have some attrition. And that's the normal. We didn't have any. And failure is cheap and success costs money, and so we are paying for those trials. At the same time, because we know the data for BG-12, and we are, let's say, preparing and optimistic about Factor VIII and IX, we're spending substantially -- let's say, substantial amount of resources to prepare for the launches of those products. You can look at many of the product launches that have been done recently. Some of them have gone well, some of them haven't. And we need to make sure we get ours right, and that takes some preparation. And so we're spending on those as well. So we have -- I think, there's a difference in spend where you are inefficient and wasting money. Not spending adequately on the commercial preparation would be foolish savings. So we're not, not doing that. We're spending, I think, prudently and thoughtfully, but we are investing appropriately. And we are, I guess, saddled with a lot of Phase III costs, which is, in the end, a good thing. But this is the year when I think all those are maximized.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Eric Schmidt from Cowen and Company.
Eric Schmidt - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: George, if I could just press you a little bit more on the R&D budget, we get that 2012 is a peak year. But I think in 2010, we were also talking about R&D as a percent of sales coming down to the maybe 20% range in the outyears. Is that still an appropriate target? And then also for Paul on the tax rate, maybe you could explain why things have gotten so much better there in 2012 and whether that's sustainable?
George A. Scangos: Yes, let me take the first part of that. And Eric, I think R&D expenses as a percentage of revenues will come down. There's no question about that. I think 20% is not a bad target. I would -- and I'm not trying to back away from that. But what is important for me mostly is that we don't waste money, right? And this year, where we have all the late-stage trials to invest in, we have to invest in them. And that's really what's causing R&D budget to be higher. And those will naturally come to an end and the cost will taper down and R&D costs will come down. And assuming that our early-stage pipeline develops along normal metrics, yes, it'll probably come down to that number you said. If the pipeline is less successful than we hoped, it could be lower. If it's more successful than we hoped, it could be somewhat higher. But I think that's a reasonable target.
Paul J. Clancy: And then Eric, this is Paul. Just to give a little bit more color on the tax rate. Yes, the guidance for 2012 shows a little bit of improvement vis--vis our last few years of guidance. And that's a couple of factors. The orphan drug programs that we have, specifically Factor VIII, Factor IX, dex, all have this ability to capture orphan drug research credits, which over the long haul, it depends on the shape of programs kind of coming forward that may kind of apply for that. Isis would be one that would. But that is a number of years off. Additionally, what I had noted is that outside the United States, we have heretofore had a royalty payment that is paid from a foreign affiliate to a U.S. affiliate that will end in mid-2012. So that is sustainable going forward. Over the longer term, I think that all in all, there's downward pressure on our effective tax rate as BG-12 becomes a greater part of our profit mix. And conversely, the RITUXAN cash flow that is subject to essentially all U.S. taxes becomes a lower percentage of our profit mix. Both of those are probably offset by the fact that we intend to do or continue to do cost sharing on programs. So we intend to still -- which has the effect of -- for a portion of R&D not capturing some tax deduction on those expenses. But all told, I think it's a modestly favorable story over the next couple of years and a good story over the longer term.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Michael Yee from RBC Capital Markets.
Michael J. Yee - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: A question for Al or Doug on ALS. Can you comment on whether the protocol there was ever, any interim futility or safety analysis ever that have passed? And then on Riluzole, there's a few months of mortality benefit there. Maybe you can comment on how you've designed the study to -- or powered the study for what types of benefits, whether disability and mortality?
Douglas Edward Williams: We have not talked about the study conduct itself with respect to any futility analysis or anything along those lines. This is Doug, by the way. So no, we have nothing to say about that at this point, except that the study is continuing to run and we'll see the data in the second half of this year.
William D. Young: [ph] Yes, the study was powered based on a primary endpoint called the CAFS, or Combined Assessment of Function and Survival. It's well powered for that. I would remind you that the Phase II study, which was about 100 patients, actually achieved significance on that endpoint. This study is 943 patients, so we're pretty confident that we're well powered on that endpoint. It's -- this Phase II study also had a trend toward an effective survival, even though it was a relatively short and small study. And so consequently, if the results -- if the treatment effect holds for a 900-patient, 1-year minimum follow-up, we should be well powered for a survival effect as well.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Rachel McMinn from Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Rachel L. McMinn - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Just wanted to ask about your outlook on capital allocation. You still have very high cash generation but you're talking about share stabilization. So should we think about just a lot more BD this year or is there option here for share repurchases beyond what you're guiding for?
Paul J. Clancy: Good problem, this is Paul, Rachel. Cash flow generation, the company still remains very, very strong, puts us in a great position. And certainly, I think our -- we feel no doubt that a very productive use of the cash has been building the early-stage pipeline. The Phase I/II assets have matured into largely what is the late-stage pipeline now. And I think that we have created a really good late-stage pipeline. It's been an important way to do that and create shareholder value. The Portola and ISIS deals kind of show our indication to continue that strategic kind of point of view. Historically, we've been very disciplined on our deployment of cash, and continue to do so and look for all ways. I mean, the guidance is share stabilization if we decide to kind of return cash to shareholders, we're going to communicate that and update accordingly.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Yaron Werber from Citi.
Yaron Werber - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: If you don't mind, just 2 quick ones. BG-12, just the timing of the press release mentions filing in the first half. But there's a mention in there "as soon as possible." So I'm just trying to get a sense is there any way this could be in Q1 and are you counting on the 6-month review? And then just on Hemophilia, is there any way we can get B-LONG, the data, in Q3 or are both data sets going to be in Q4?
Douglas Edward Williams: This is Doug. We're not providing any additional granularity around first half for BG-12. And as far as the blood factors are concerned, both of those are going to readout in the second half. I can't give you anymore guidance than that at this point, but we're on track with all the studies to submit to both the EU and U.S. authorities first half for BG-12 and then we'll see data for both of the factors in the second half.
William D. Young: [ph] And then, I think on the other part, Yaron -- just correct me Doug. Our planning assumption is 10-month PDUFA review for the United States. So we will seek certainly prior to review. But our planning assumption, as Tony had indicated, does not include revenues for this year. If that happens, we'll kind of come back and talk about what the implications of that are. That would be another great problem to have. But our planning assumption right now is for kind of a standard review in the U.S. as well as outside the United States.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ravi Mehrotra from Credit Suisse.
Ravi Mehrotra - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Rachel took my agency cost question, so let me ask Doug a question on BG-12 and the one-capsule bioequivalent study. Could you just give us some color on that and remind us of the regulatory hurdles of trying to get a drug approved on a different formulation than what you used in Phase III? It's obviously, not the first time you've done it, but any color would be useful.
Douglas Edward Williams: As I mentioned, we conducted a bioequivalent study to essentially look at a single capsule as opposed to 2 capsules. As you know, we're going forward. We believe that the drug will be a BID drug. The way it has been formulated and the way the Phase III study was done was with 2 capsules in the morning, 2 capsules in the evening. We've now created a single capsule that has the same drug dose, done the bioequivalent study and demonstrated obviously bioequivalence. So we plan to file that with the regulators and seek approval for what we believe will be a more convenient dosing approach for patients with the single capsule twice a day. That will be part of the package and we believe we have appropriate data to support being able to move to that as we get the drug approved.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Geoff Porges from Bernstein.
Geoffrey C. Porges - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: Just quickly on the P&L, Paul. Specifically on gross margins. It ticked up a bit to 11% in Q4 but your guidance is sort of 9% to 10%. Anything going on there that we should be aware of? What drove it in Q4? And then is 9% to 10% where you think you can be as you look at the product mix going forward and how is the reduction in the mix contribution of RITUXAN and the other products coming in going to affect that?
Paul J. Clancy: Great question, Jeff. Yes, I think the other reason it ticked up a little bit was we had a little bit more than normal write-offs in Q4 of 2011. Most of those write-offs were excess in obsolescence write-offs related to ZEVALIN. So we have actually a supply agreement that is, obviously, a number of years old related to the divested product and just literally because the end market sales have attenuated there. We've had to take a write-off in Q4. We think that is for the most part, behind us. Our yields across the plant have been on track. And then I think the other thing going into 2012 is that we will benefit a little bit from a more productive, if you will, biologics manufacturing going back in late 2009 and into 2010. So I mean, curiously, our productivity in a given year benefits the P&L a number of years down the line simply because of the inventory balances that we hold in this business. We will continue to have costs that are related to the assay that we do think that are very important, particularly at this stage of TYSABRI and in risk stratification to be behind the brand. There's an opportunity for improvement if we can get that reimbursed in the United States, because currently we and Elan bear the burden of that on the P&L. As you had inferred that as RITUXAN may become lower percentage of the mix, that has a very favorable gross margin obviously. But I think the products that come on also are pretty strong gross margins, kind of BG-12, et cetera. So I think we're -- that where we're thinking in the zone of 90% to 91% of sales on the gross margin line is a good number to have.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Thomas Wei from Jefferies.
Thomas Wei - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: I had a question on TYSABRI. Just if you could help us reconcile the different numbers on the cumulative TYSABRI patient count. So what is in your slides today is 95,200 as of the end of December, but in the FDA communication, when the JC virus assay was approved, they had mentioned 96,582 as of January 4. And I thought that maybe I was getting confused and it was the clinical trial patient numbers that was throwing things off. But then you mentioned today that, that number is 4,700. So I'm actually not sure what the disconnect there is and maybe if you could help us understand that a little bit better?
Paul J. Clancy: Thomas, this is Paul. Look, we always go back at this point in every quarter and try to, particularly on the international TYSABRI patient numbers, reflect the best of information available that generally will move numbers around a not very meaningful amount. That probably is the biggest reason for the change vis--vis the January 4 medical communication. We'll look into and try to get back to you if there's anything further than that. But I believe it's owing to, in essence, the international numbers. The U.S. numbers aren't subject to a lot of changes because of the TOUCH program. We have a tremendous amount of visibility so we don't see a lot of changes in that. It's just that country by country, there are different methodologies that we use on the TYSABRI patient numbers and we always try to look hard and quality-control those to try to get the best information available.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Josh Schimmer from Leerink Swann.
Joshua Schimmer - Leerink Swann LLC, Research Division: Question on Europe, maybe for Tony. What is there to challenge regarding the Italy claim that TYSABRI sales have surpassed the limit? Is that limit expected to rise in the future years and how quickly and are there similar limits in other European countries? And then on FAMPYRA, what are your expectations for the IQWIG and GBA added benefit assessments?
Tony Kingsley: So this is Tony. Maybe I'll take the second one and let Paul talk to the first one. So on IQWIG, because FAMPYRA was launched in July 2011, it's actually in an extended version of the [indiscernible] process, which takes 18 months. So we expect to get an IQWIG rating in Q2 of 2012.
Paul J. Clancy: And then Josh, just a little bit more color on the Italian situation on TYSABRI. We were granted authorization in 2006. So this actually goes back to 2006. And we entered into agreement with the Italian Medicines Agency known as AIFA, that's just the initials for that, to set a price. And that price was subject to a reimbursement ceiling for the first 24 months. In the fourth quarter of 2011, we got a notification from the Italian Medicine Agency saying that we had exceeded the ceiling for a subsequent 24-month period. And that's what we're contesting. And -- but it has a peculiar impact of really just trying to look at our revenue recognition going forward from the receipt of that letter. So it really gets into an accounting judgment and reserves around fixed and determinable pricing. And we're simply booking to that new ceiling until we resolve the issue, until we negotiate it or have a new set of facts, which we hope will happen in the first half of 2012 and then that will create some changes to the estimates that we have accrued heretofore.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Tony Butler from Barclays Capital.
Charles Anthony Butler - Barclays Capital, Research Division: And Paul, could we just stick with the last question. Does that imply that you would then reverse the accrual in the first half? Would that be a goal? And then second, would other countries perhaps have similar ceilings based upon any other austerity or do you get even a much more reduced price from Italy on the next, say, 2 years?
Paul J. Clancy: I don't want to comment on how -- where it will land but if there will be a change to whatever we kind of have is the reserve once we get a new set of facts, the actual facts. I think -- we don't believe that we were unique in this perspective. We had heard that other companies actually have gone through similar things, that's from our advisers. And with respect to other countries, nothing meaningful to report in terms of similar type of analogs at all.
Kia Khaleghpour: That was our last question. Thank you for participating in today's call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2011 Q3  (2011-10-28 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Francesco Granata - Executive Vice President of Global Commercial Operations George A. Scangos - Chief Executive Officer and Director Alfred Sandrock -  Paul J. Clancy - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President of Finance Douglas Edward Williams - Executive Vice President of Research and Development Kia Khaleghpour - Associate Director of Investor Relations
Analysts: Sapna Srivastava - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Michael J. Yee - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division Rachel L. McMinn - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Robyn Karnauskas - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Mark J. Schoenebaum - ISI Group Inc., Research Division Matthew Roden - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Yaron Werber - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Geoffrey C. Porges - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division Eric Schmidt - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division Ravi Mehrotra - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division Gene Mack - Mizuho Securities USA Inc., Research Division
Operator: Good morning. My name is Melissa, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Biogen Idec Third Quarter 2011 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Ms. Kia Khaleghpour, you may begin your conference.
Kia Khaleghpour: Thank you, Melissa. Welcome to Biogen Idec's Third Quarter 2011 Earnings Conference Call. Before we begin, I encourage everyone to go to the Investors section of biogenidec.com to find the press release and related financial tables, including a reconciliation of the non-GAAP financial measures that we'll discuss today. We've also posted slides on our website that follow the discussions related to this call. As usual, we'll start with the Safe Harbor statement. Comments made in this conference call include forward-looking statements that are subject to risks and uncertainties. Words such as believe, expect, may, plan, will and similar expressions are intended to identify such statements. Actual results could differ materially from our expectations, and you should carefully review the risks and uncertainties that are described in our earnings slides, earnings release and in the risk factors section of our most recent annual and quarterly reports filed with the SEC. We do not undertake any obligation to publicly update any forward-looking statements. Today on the call, I'm joined by Dr. George Scangos, Chief Executive Officer; Dr. Francesco Granata, Executive Vice President of Global Commercial Operations; Dr. Doug Williams, Executive Vice President of Research; and Paul Clancy, Executive Vice President of Finance and Chief Financial Officer. We'll also be joined for the Q&A portion of the call by Dr. Al Sandrock, Senior Vice President of Development. Now I'll turn the call over to George.
George A. Scangos: Okay. Thanks, Kia, and good morning, everyone. We had a very productive third quarter and several exciting announcements during the month of October as well. Our financial performance was excellent as our products with TYSABRI continued to do extremely well. Our pipeline advanced substantially, led obviously by BG-12, but also including significant advances in many other portfolio compounds, both early and late. And while not so visible from the outside, the company is executing extremely well and is much more effective and efficient than it was a year ago.  Let me start with our business performance. We're now through 3 quarters of the year, and we continue to deliver solid financial results. For the quarter, product revenues grew by 11% year-over-year. AVONEX continued to do well this quarter, with revenues up 6% year-over-year. The continued rollout of the AVONEX PEN autoinjector device in the EU and Canada fueled additional patient and physician interest in AVONEX, one of the most trusted MS therapies in the world. TYSABRI was a key driver of our overall growth. Revenues were up 26% year-over-year, and TYSABRI is on a trajectory to reach over $1.5 billion in annualized end market sales. As a result, total revenues were $1.3 billion, up 11% year-over-year, and non-GAAP diluted EPS was up 19% at $1.61. This was a good quarter for TYSABRI, which continues to be a main growth driver for us. First, key data were presented at ECTRIMS in Amsterdam last week that showed that patients who received treatment with TYSABRI early in the course of MS received more clinical benefit than those who delayed treatment with TYSABRI and were first treated with immunosuppressive therapies or switched between glatiramer acetate and the interferons.  Second, we made important progress on our JCV risk stratification efforts, as the JCV antibody assay became commercially available in the U.S., as well as the EU. There are now over 59,000 patients who have been tested for JCV antibody status, highlighting the tremendous interest in risk stratification. We believe that this interest means that many patients and physicians are aware of the substantial benefits that can be gained from TYSABRI, as well as the potential risk of PML, and are using the information to make appropriate treatment decisions. I'm particularly encouraged by the increasing number of patients who have been tested, who are not current TYSABRI patients, and I believe that bodes very well for the future of the drug. Turning to the advancement of our late-stage pipeline, as you all know, details of the defined study for BG-12, our oral candidate for MS, were presented at ECTRIMS last week. And top line data for CONFIRM, the second registrational trial for BG-12, were announced Wednesday. Doug will provide more details. Let me just say that both DEFINE and CONFIRM displayed compelling efficacy and safety data for BG-12. We now have strong positive results for BG-12 and 2 robust pivotal clinical trials with more than 2,600 patients. We're now focused on filing BG-12 with both the FDA and EMA, which will occur in the first half of next year, with the intent of bringing this potentially major new therapy to patients with MS as soon as possible. Additional news this quarter from our late-stage pipeline, including data presented at last week's ECTRIMS meeting for SELECT, the first of 2 registrational trials for daclizumab, which is being evaluated as once monthly or biweekly subcutaneous injection for relapsing-remitting MS. SELECT showed impressive clinical results for daclizumab and supports the continuation of the second registrational study, DECIDE.  We also continued to make progress in the enrollment of ADVANCE, our Phase III trial, evaluating once monthly subcutaneous PEGylated Interferon for relapsing-remitting MS. And we expect enrollment to be complete by the end of the year. All of these accomplishments highlight the emerging suite of products that will allow Biogen Idec to fully serve all of the segments of the MS market, well-established, well-chronicled injectables, the highest efficacy segment, as well as the growing oral segment. Moving on to the rest of the pipeline, we completed enrollment for EMPOWER, the first global Phase III study of dexpramipexole, for treatment of ALS or Lou Gehrig's disease. This was the fastest enrolling trial in Biogen Idec's history, which is largely a reflection of a tremendous need for therapies for this devastating disease. We now expect this trial to read out towards the end of next year. Our hemophilia long-lasting Factor VIII and Factor IX programs continued to enroll well. And both of those trials also are on track for data readout in 2012. Finally, we announced yesterday that we entered into a collaboration with Portola Pharmaceuticals to develop and commercialize an oral highly-selective Syk inhibitor. This program plays to our strength and experience in immunology and has the potential to provide therapies for a variety of autoimmune diseases. This deal is an example of executing on our strategy to fill in our early-stage pipeline with high-quality assets. As we continue the transformation of the company, I'm pleased to announce this quarter the promotion of Tony Kingsley to run Global Commercial Operations starting next month. Tony's been a key member of the commercial team and has led the turnaround of AVONEX sales in the U.S. With his combination of strategic insight and operational expertise, I'm confident that he's the right person to lead our Global Commercial business and prepare for the potential launch of multiple products in the next several years.  As you know, Francesco Granata has led a successful transformation of our commercial group, as evidenced by the continuing excellent performance of AVONEX and TYSABRI. I want to take this opportunity to publicly thank Francesco for his contributions to the success of Biogen Idec and for his positive leadership in the organization. At the same time, I want to welcome Tony into his new role. We're all convinced that Tony will take the ball -- take the baton and continue to build an industry-leading commercial organization. So with that, I'll turn the call now over to Francesco for a more detailed update on our commercial performance for the quarter.
Francesco Granata: Thank you, George. As we have mentioned over the last several quarters, we started our journey with very clear goals and milestones for substantial growth of the business. I am proud to say that we continue to be on track to meet or exceed those goals.  Starting with our MS franchise part of revenue, overall, we saw 11% growth year-over-year. AVONEX growth continued this quarter, and units worldwide increased 1%. And revenues grew 6% on a year-over-year basis. Looking region by region, in the U.S., where we had focus on strategy and execution, AVONEX units were around 164,000, relatively stable over the last number of quarters and in line with our expectations, while revenues grew 6%. The brand has performed quite well in light of a new oral entrant and the competition for share of voice in the physician office.  In the European Union and Canada, AVONEX remains the market leader. And units grew 6%, while revenues grew 2% on a year-over-year basis. The AVONEX spend has now launched in the U.K., Germany, Netherlands, Canada, Norway, Sweden and Denmark. The PEN has a new interest in the brand for existing patients, new patients and those switching from other brands. In the U.K., where the PEN was launched this quarter, the number of net new starts for AVONEX has more than tripled compared to the 6 months before the launch. And our U.K. affiliate has added more AVONEX patients in the last 3 months than it did for all of 2010. We are very pleased with the momentum the PEN is creating for AVONEX while meeting the needs of the patients. For the markets outside of Europe and North America, our MS franchise revenues grew 26% year-over-year, growing at a faster rate than our overall business. AVONEX revenues grew 20%, driven in part by tender market shipment for Q2 that were realized this quarter. An additional highlight is Japan, where AVONEX has reached 37% market share year-to-date. Our global footprint and emerging market strategy has paid dividends, continuing to provide revenue upside, as well as opportunity for future growth. Turning to TYSABRI, worldwide units are up 16% year-over-year, and net new patients are up 2,100 since last quarter. While we saw positive growth in net new patients in the U.S., quarter-over-quarter, we saw some slowing of the growth of net new patients in the European Union, due in part to some seasonality among a number of markets and the penetration of the assay. This was not unexpected, and the continued growth of JCV testing by patients not currently taking TYSABRI is very good news. While there will be some quarter-over-quarter variation in TYSABRI net new patients, the overall trend remained positive, and we believe risk stratification is helping patients and physician to make an informed choice about TYSABRI therapy.  In the U.S., TYSABRI units grew 15% year-over-year, and patients number grew 8%. This is the fourth consecutive quarter where we delivered unit growth for TYSABRI in the United States. The JCV assay became commercially available in the U.S. this quarter as a laboratory-developed test, and there are roughly 33,500 patients enrolled and certified, too, through the end of September. This is a trend toward more nonuser of TYSABRI being tested for JCV status. Patient discontinuation have stabilized, and there is strong positive momentum for new TOUCH forms.  In the European Union and Canada, TYSABRI units grew 17% year-over-year, and patients number grew 20%. The commercial JCV assay has now been assessed by approximately 1,200 physicians and almost 20,000 patients as for the end of September. While these are initial trends, our market research indicated that nearly 1/4 of the patients being tested are not TYSABRI users, and that's approximately 70% of JCV positive patients. And 98% of JC negative patients stay on treatment with TYSABRI after being tested, showing the tremendous opportunity for TYSABRI continued success and acceptance by the MS marketplace.  In the emerging markets and rest of the world, TYSABRI units grew 23%, and patients grew 30% year-over-year. Brazil launched TYSABRI during the quarter, and TYSABRI is now available in over 60 countries.  This quarter, we acquired the Domp JV in Italy and Switzerland. We are grateful for the job that Domp did in launching and establishing our products in these markets. Making Italy and Switzerland direct affiliates for Biogen Idec was important for the profitability of our future Europe product launches. Our European footprint is now direct distribution for all of the major European countries. I am pleased to announce that Carlos Dourado joined Biogen Idec this quarter to run our emerging market group, an area of the business that will benefit from his specific skills and experience. Carlos spent 32 years in various management roles with Schering-Plough in Brazil, Middle East, Europe, the United States and Canada. Carlos will be instrumental as we prepare to enter new markets such as China, Asia Pacific and other important future markets that will help shape our broader global presence.  While it is still early days, the launch of FAMPYRA in Germany has gained positive momentum. FAMPYRA addresses a high unmet medical need and has been shown to improve walking in all types of MS, both relapsing and progressive. It can also be given concomitantly with currently available MS treatments. FAMPYRA also became available during the quarter in Australia and U.K., and we anticipate launch in Denmark shortly. Additional launch preparation is underway for the rest of Europe, and we expect additional countries rolling out in 2012. And reimbursement discussion are finalized. As you know, I have decided to leave Biogen Idec for personal reasons. I am proud that I have been able to accomplish the mission discussed when I joined the company: deliver strong commercial performance while preparing for future launches. I will be pursuing some other opportunities, which in due time will be communicated. And I am pleased that Tony Kingsley will take on the role of the Head of Global Commercial Operations. Tony has been responsible for the tremendous turnaround in the U.S. business and brings many important skills to the table. He has experience in leading several new product launches, as well as leading complex organization. He has turned around the mode of the U.S. business from a defensive posture to an offensive winning spirit. I have enjoyed my time at Biogen Idec. It is a great company, and I have tremendous confidence in the team that will now move the business forward.  With that, I will turn the call over to Doug Williams, EVP of R&D.
Douglas Edward Williams: Thank you, Francesco. During Q3, we made important advances on several aspects of our R&D programs, which highlight our novel science and continue to position the company for substantial future growth.  As George mentioned, on Wednesday, we announced positive top line results from CONFIRM, the second Phase III study of BG-12 in relapsing MS. We have now successfully completed DEFINE and CONFIRM, 2 randomized, blinded, well-controlled Phase III studies in 2,600 patients with relapsing-remitting MS, with very comparable, very positive outcomes. While there's still ongoing analysis being done with the CONFIRM study results, we're now aggressively working on regulatory submissions for BG-12 to file with the FDA and EMA in the first half of next year. Very briefly, the CONFIRM study was a 2-year, multicenter, double-blind, placebo-controlled, dose-comparison study in over 1,400 relapsing-remitting MS patients, evaluating 2 doses of BG-12 in comparison to placebo for the reduction in annualized relapse rate or ARR at 2 years. The glatiramer acetate reference comparator arm was also evaluated versus placebo. Both the BID and TID doses of BG-12 met the study's primary and secondary relapse and MRI endpoints. With respect to reduction of ARR, the primary endpoint of the study, we saw 44% and 51% reduction for BID and TID doses of BG-12, respectively, and a 29% reduction for glatiramer acetate reference arm versus placebo. Data from CONFIRM also showed a favorable safety and tolerability profile, consistent with what was seen in DEFINE. Further detailed information from CONFIRM will be presented at an upcoming medical meeting. Last week, we also shared comprehensive data from DEFINE, the first registrational study of BG-12, at the ECTRIMS meeting in Amsterdam. Both doses of BG-12 demonstrated significant clinical effects compared to placebo in the proportion of patients relapsing at 2 years, annualized relapse rate, multiple MRI measures and disability progression. Incidence of infections and severe infections were similar across all treatment arms, and no opportunistic infections were observed in the BG-12 treatment arms. While the incidence of flushing and gastrointestinal symptoms was higher with BG-12, these events were primarily mild to moderate and decreased substantially after the first month of treatment. We're very impressed with the robustness of the positive BG-12 data from both DEFINE and CONFIRM studies, and plan to file with the FDA and EMA in the first half of 2012. The data shows that BG-12 has a very favorable benefit-risk profile, and we believe that if approved, it will provide an important treatment option for patients with relapsing-remitting MS. Turning to TYSABRI, 28 posters and presentations were presented at last week's ECTRIMS meeting in Amsterdam, highlighting the high standard of efficacy that TYSABRI has set in the MS market. Data from AFFIRM, a long-term outcome study, showed ARR and EDSS benefits seen with earlier treatment of TYSABRI over delayed treatment. Data was also presented from the TYSABRI observational study known as TOP. This study assessed long-term outcomes in almost 3,500 patients, and showed that mean ARRs in TYSABRI-treated patients were lowest in those that were treatment nave at baseline and highest in patients who were previously treated with immunosuppressive agent or switched from another disease-modifying therapy, further supporting the benefits of early treatment with TYSABRI. Last week, we and our partner, Elan, announced that the FDA notified us of a 3-month extension to the PDUFA date for the TYSABRI sBLA, for updating the prescribing information for TYSABRI to include anti-JC virus antibody status to further help stratify the risk of PML. The FDA has indicated that this extension is needed to allow time for review of the changes being incorporated into the risk evaluation and mitigation strategies, also known as REMS, to be consistent with the anticipated prescribing information. We and Elan are working with the agency to facilitate a timely review of the REMS changes and the sBLA.  And finally, for TYSABRI, we initiated patient enrollment in ASCEND, the Phase III trial of TYSABRI in secondary-progressive MS. This trial is expected to enroll 860 patients, and we'll investigate whether TYSABRI treatment slows the accumulation of disability not related to relapses and subjects with SPMS. Turning now to other important aspects of our MS pipeline, in a late breaker presentation at ECTRIMS, we and our partner, Abbott Labs, announced additional data from SELECT, our first registrational study of daclizumab in relapsing-remitting MS. SELECT showed significant reduction in annualized relapse rate at 1 year and met key secondary endpoints. The overall incidence of adverse events and treatment discontinuations were similar in all study arms. Serious infections, serious cutaneous events and liver function test abnormalities greater than 5x the upper limit of normal occurred more frequently in the DAC-treated patients. We placed additional monitoring and management measures in the ongoing clinical programs for the cutaneous and LFT events. These data further support investigation of DAC in the ongoing DECIDE study, which is a randomized, blinded study of 1,500 patients with a primary endpoint of ARR at 2 years. I'm pleased to say that we have received a positive decision from the European Commission for the AVONEX titration kit. The titration kit is designed to help mitigate flu-like symptoms at the start of therapy, making for better initial experience with AVONEX, one of the most trusted MS therapies available.  Lastly, enrollment for ADVANCE, our Phase III trial of PEGylated Interferon for MS, is on track to be completed by year-end. The trial is being conducted under a Special Protocol Assessment with the FDA. With an annualized relapse rate at 1 year as its primary endpoint, we anticipate top line data to be available in early 2013.  From AVONEX, with its 15 years of safety and efficacy experience, to TYSABRI, which sets the standard for high efficacy, and our anticipated introductions of BG-12 and daclizumab, we hope to offer MS patients a wide range of treatment options. Our portfolio of MS drugs is unrivaled in the industry and speaks to our commitment to the individual needs of different segments of the MS population. Turning to the rest of the neurology pipeline, patient enrollment in EMPOWER, the first global Phase III study of dexpramipexole for treatment of ALS or Lou Gehrig's disease, has been completed well ahead of schedule. This highlights the high unmet need for new and effective therapies for ALS. Recall that we've agreed with the FDA on a Special Protocol Assessment for the design of this study. We anticipate top line data readout in the second half of 2012. We expect to initiate the second Phase III study of dex in the first half of 2012. Dex is a novel oral compound that potentially has neuroprotective properties based on experimental and preclinical studies and may slow the loss of motor neuron function, which is the hallmark of this devastating disease. Moving on to our hemophilia programs, we continue to expect to complete the bulk of patient enrollment in both B-LONG and A-LONG studies in 2011, but there may be some carryover into the first half of next year. Recall that in the B-LONG study, there's a surgical arm which may take enrollment into next year. Data readout for both trials, however, remains on track for the second half of 2012. Along with substantial progress on our late-stage clinical programs, we've also taken steps to bolster our earlier-stage development pipeline. We announced yesterday an exclusive, worldwide collaboration with Portola Pharmaceuticals to develop and commercialize what we believe will be a potent, oral, highly-selective Syk inhibitor. Inhibition of Syk has the potential to provide effective, well-tolerated therapies for a variety of autoimmune diseases, including lupus, rheumatoid arthritis and atopic diseases. We're encouraged by the preclinical and Phase I clinical data to date and see an opportunity to develop a best-in-class, highly-selective, once-daily oral treatment for a broad range of autoimmune diseases. We expect to begin Phase IIa testing of the lead compound next year in RA. This program plays to our strengths and experience in immunology and strengthens our Phase I, II pipeline.  I'm extremely pleased with the progress that the R&D organization has attained this quarter for our pipeline, which is one of the most enviable in the industry. I look forward to providing you with further updates on our progress in the coming quarters.  With that, I'll now pass the call to Paul Clancy, our Executive Vice President of Finance and Chief Financial Officer.
Paul J. Clancy: Thanks, Doug. I'll begin with our GAAP financials provided in Tables 1 and 2. Table 3 includes a reconciliation of GAAP to non-GAAP results. The difference between our GAAP and non-GAAP results for the third quarter include $49 million related to the amortization of acquired intangibles, $3 million for contingent consideration, $2 million for restructuring and $5 million in stock comp expense. This is partially offset by the tax impact on these items. Our GAAP diluted earnings per share was $1.43 in the third quarter, an increase of 36% over prior year.  Now I'll move on to the non-GAAP and P&L, which we believe better represents the ongoing economics of the business and reflects how we manage the business internally. Non-GAAP diluted earnings per share was $1.61 for Q3, a 19% increase versus prior year.  Moving to revenue. Total revenue for the third quarter was $1.3 billion, an increase of 11% over prior year. In the U.S., where AVONEX grew 6% to $411 million, inventory in the channel ended at just under 2.2 weeks, a slight decrease from last quarter, while shipping days remained consistent.  Internationally, AVONEX product revenue was $271 million, also an increase of 6% compared to prior year. The impact of foreign exchange strengthened AVONEX revenue by $22 million. However, this was offset by a $9 million hedge loss in the quarter as compared to a $17 million hedge gain in prior year.  Now moving on to TYSABRI. TYSABRI worldwide end market sales were $393 million in third quarter, up 28% versus last year, essentially flat versus the second quarter. Biogen Idec recorded TYSABRI product revenue of $277 million. In the U.S., TYSABRI product revenue to Biogen Idec grew 41% to $85 million, driven by unit and price growth. Q3 international TYSABRI product revenue was $192 million, a 20% increase. The impact of foreign exchange added $16 million to TYSABRI revenue versus prior year, which was offset by a $2 million hedge loss compared to a $4 million hedge gain in prior year. Now I'll move to RITUXAN collaboration revenues. U.S. RITUXAN sales were $733 million in the third quarter, up 9% versus prior year, driven by increased penetration in the maintenance setting in non-Hodgkin's lymphoma and continued uptake in CLL. Our profit share from that business was $234 million. Royalties and profit share and sales of Rituximab outside the U.S. in Q3 were $32 million, down 17% due to royalty expirations. And we were reimbursed $1 million for selling and development costs incurred related to RITUXAN in Q3. The result was $266 million of revenue from unconsolidated joint business in Q3, an increase of 3% over prior year. Internationally, FAMPYRA revenue were $3 million, as we began commercializing in Germany. Royalties were $52 million for the third quarter, an increase of 43% from prior year. The increase was due to hitting a new royalty tier in our partnership on ANGIOMAX. This new tier is applied to all year-to-date revenue in our accounting model. We achieved this one quarter prior to expectations, resulting in a potentially lower, more normalized royalty revenue in Q4. Additionally, we recorded $16 million of corporate partner revenue, driven by third-party manufacturing contracts with a strategic partner. Now turning to the expense lines on the non-GAAP P&L. Q3 cost of goods sold were $124 million, representing 9% of revenues. The increase was due to a number of factors, including the third-party manufacturing, increased JCV assay test in Europe and increased costs for the AVONEX PEN, all important revenue-driving investments. Q3 R&D expense was $300 million or 23% of revenues. R&D expense was driven by the accrual on the dexpramipexole trial and the continued progression of the late-stage programs.  Q3 SG&A expense was $258 million or 20% of revenues, an increase of 7% over same period last year. Foreign exchange impacted SG&A by $12 million, and increased spend supporting new product launches drove the increase. This was offset by changes in our sales and marketing of RITUXAN.  Continuing down the P&L, our collaboration profit sharing line totaled $81 million for the quarter. Other income and expense was a loss of $8 million, and our Q3 non-GAAP tax rate was 26.4%, as we benefited from a higher level of orphan drug research credit.  In the third quarter, our weighted average diluted shares were $245 million. We ended the quarter with approximately $2.9 billion in cash and marketable securities, split approximately 65%-35% between the U.S. and outside the U.S. This brings us to our non-GAAP diluted earnings per share, which again were $1.61 in the third quarter, a 19% increase over prior year.  Let me provide a little bit financial detail on a few recent events. As Francesco noted, in September we completed the acquisition of our 50% interest in our joint ventures in Italy and Switzerland. The upfront purchase price was $153 million, which represents the settlement of equity reserves to our former partner and for future cash flow. Additionally, we're obligated to payments of $43 million upon the achievement of certain regulatory and commercial milestones. We also entered into an agreement whereby Domp agreed to purchase 100% of the outstanding receivables in Italy. Prior to the transaction, the entities were fully consolidated into our income statement, yet 50% of the profits from the sales affiliates have been reported as a noncontrolling interest. Going forward, there will be no allocation to noncontrolling interest, and as a result, 100% of the operations will be reflected on our financial statement. Moving to Portola. Under the collaboration agreement with Portola Pharmaceuticals, we will provide an upfront payment of $36 million in cash and $9 million in equity. These will be reflected in our financial statements in the fourth quarter. Now moving onto our full-year guidance. We now expect full-year revenue growth of mid-single digits. We continue to expect COGS to be between 9% and 10% of sales, including the impact of AVONEX PEN, the JC virus assay investment and the increased cost of goods sold from contract manufacturing activity. R&D is expected to be at the higher end of 22% to 24% of sales, which now includes the $36 million payment in Q4 associated with our announcement with Portola Pharmaceuticals. SG&A expense outlook is unchanged at the higher end of the range of 20% to 21% of revenue, driven partially by foreign exchange, launch cost for FAMPYRA and investment in BG-12. Our tax rate outlook for the full year is unchanged at 26% to 28% of PBT. As a result, we anticipate GAAP and non-GAAP EPS results above $4.91 and $5.70, respectively. Importantly, we've maintained our non-GAAP EPS guidance while covering the RITUXAN arbitration charge from Q2, second half launch investments and the business development activity just recently announced with Portola.  So a very strong financial outlook for 2011, driving double-digit earnings per share growth. Now I'll hand the call over to George for his closing comments.
George A. Scangos: Okay. Thanks, Paul. So to quickly sum up the quarter, we're very pleased with the solid performance of both AVONEX and TYSABRI, and with the strong overall financial results. At the same time, we made excellent progress on the pipeline. We have numerous programs in late-stage that have the potential to bring meaningful products to patients. Some of these will make it to the market and we're therefore posed -- poised for considerable growth over the next 5 years. We've continued the transformation of the company, adding to our early-stage pipeline with the recent Portola transaction, as well as the promotion of Tony Kingsley to EVP of Commercial Operations. We've made solid progress on the goals we set out for ourselves at the beginning of the year and continue our positive momentum, clarity of mission and reinvigorated organization. Although we've accomplished a lot so far, we have a long way to go. We have to be and we will be focused on execution to make sure that we do our best for investors, ourselves and our patients, and effectively and efficiently move our late-stage pipeline through the clinic and registration and onto the market. Finally, I want to thank the many employees at Biogen Idec who worked long and hard to help us achieve our goals. Without their dedication and passion, the achievements of the year-to-date wouldn't have been possible.  So with that, we'll close our remarks and open up the call for questions.
Kia Khaleghpour: Thanks, George. Melissa, we're ready to open up the call for Q&A. [Operator Instructions] Melissa, we're ready for the first question.
Operator: And your first question comes from the line of Matt Roden from UBS.
Matthew Roden - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: So I'm going to ask a question that you've probably gotten several times in one form or another. But now that CONFIRM is out, you might be in a better position to address it. And that is how Biogen will organize and prioritize its commercial detail. Once the 3 products are out in MS, that is AVONEX, TYSABRI and BG-12, all of these products have very nice but different commercial profiles. So it would be great to hear your thoughts on how you would position this new market and what potential impact it could have on margin and cash flow.
George A. Scangos: Sure. Nice problem to have, isn't it? Yes. Look, I think it's important to remember, MS is not a homogeneous disease. Different patients -- some patients progress more than others, some patients more concerned with safety than others, some really focused on efficacy, some don't like needles. And so it's really a heterogenous patient population. And the neurologists who treat them have different views as well, some more focused on safety, some more focused on efficacy. And so we now have products that play in all the major segments -- or we will, assuming BG-12 gets onto the market. So AVONEX is a great product. It's been on the market 15 years. Now it's no side effects, it's safe, it's effective. And for a lot of patients, AVONEX will be a very good choice for them for -- we have the PEGylated AVONEX -- PEGylated Interferon coming, which if successful, could make that dosing much more convenient to patients and increase interest there. TYSABRI is amazingly efficacious product. And for patients who are really concerned about efficacy, who have more aggressive form of the disease, who really want to get in charge of their disease, TYSABRI is a great product. And we have the recent data now showing that earlier treatment with TYSABRI has -- leads to better long-term outcomes. So I think for an increasing number of patients, TYSABRI will be a very good choice. And BG-12, you saw the data. It's a remarkable compound. So there will be a large segment of the patient population, I believe, that will want on oral compound. Obviously, BG-12 is not the only oral compound that they'll have to choose from, but we believe BG-12 stacks up very well and will be a very strong competitor in this segment of the market for patients who want an oral therapy. So I think by having a variety of products like that for patients with different needs, different concerns, we can really maximize the total market share that we have.
Francesco Granata: And then we have staffed very appropriately in advance, all the global strategic functions and also the local markets to be prepared to conduct appropriate positioning and messaging study. So we are ready to move to the next step also by having the right staff in place, globally and locally.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Gene Mack from Mizuho Securities.
Gene Mack - Mizuho Securities USA Inc., Research Division: Wondering if you can talk a little bit about the clinical implant for dexpramipexole. It looks as though you've gotten FDA to agree to a modification of the ALSFR Scale. I'm just wondering if you can maybe -- maybe for Doug, if you could talk us through what that endpoint looks like as opposed to the ALSFRS in its standard form.
Alfred Sandrock: This is Al Sandrock. The -- it's actually a joint rank score where you evaluate both the survival aspects, so the time to death, and you combine that with the ALSFRS. So it's really both a functional as well as survival outcome. And basically we call it a rank score because you rank patients. You first start by ranking patients based on when they die. And after you finish ranking patients based on that, then you rank them based on how fast they decline on the ALSFRS. Of course, we're looking for differences between dexpramipexole and placebo.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ravi Mehrotra from Crdit Suisse.
Ravi Mehrotra - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Various sources and checks that we get give us an impression that there's a very significant diagnosed but untreated multiple sclerosis population, a warehouse population, if you will. Given your expertise in the market, can you give us your view on this population? Specifically, how big do you think it is? What sort of patients are within it? And ultimately, do you think it's a pool where BG-12 can make an impact?
Paul J. Clancy: Yes, this is Paul. I think the insight that we have is probably very similar to what your understanding is, is that "quarter population" in the marketplace or -- and that they're very dissatisfied for a range of reasons. So that kind of the current injectable market, the current injectable product offerings, many patients don't like injectables for obvious reasons. Many patients have tolerability issues with handling the flu-like symptoms, particularly in the early course of treatment. Our estimates have been that those are at least 100,000 patients, kind of on the sidelines, potentially more than that. I think what we're seeing in the launch period of Gilenya is bringing some of those into the marketplace. Clearly, you've seen from them that at least half or more of their patients are coming from that pool. I think it bodes extremely well for BG-12 and the potential to launch into that marketplace, especially as BG-12 safety profile has this opportunity to differentiate itself in the kind of oral -- emerging oral segment.
Francesco Granata: And the other point is that, Paul, is some of the emerging markets, Brazil, but not only Brazil, Russia and other markets, clearly has an underdiagnosed and undertreated MS population. And we are -- again, our strategy is to strengthen our position in those market to be ready to capitalize and also work with physicians and patients to increase the level of awareness about the BG. So we expect that also these markets will contribute to, in part, to the emergence -- to the new patients pool availability.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mark Schoenebaum from ISI Group.
Mark J. Schoenebaum - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: I had a question actually for Paul or maybe it's George. I'm not totally sure. But $3 billion of cash, it's a lot of cash. $2 billion, if I heard you correctly, roughly, that's sitting in the U.S. The obvious question, what are you going to do with it? And maybe more specifically, how has the BG-12 data changed the way you're thinking about the use of that cash in terms of perhaps any criteria? And specifically, have you thought about buying -- trying to buy down some of the BG-12 contingent payments that you may owe eventually?
Paul J. Clancy: Okay. I think that -- hey, Mark, I think that was pretty good. It's 1 question that had 3 parts to it, as best as I can tell. Look, it is at a high point now. I think we have -- we're starting to approach a level that is higher than cash balance that we've had in any point in time. It's a -- and I think the company's robust cash flow generation outlook actually is good for -- certainly continues on and potentially accelerates. We've had a track record of trying to be extremely disciplined, and our focus has been really all about trying to use that cash to drive the greatest amount of shareholder value. Clearly, over the last kind of number of months, we continue to look at it and trying to understand it. Nothing to report at this point. We review strategic opportunities, I think, fundamentally as a management team, as a board. We believe shareholder value creation happens with bringing in assets, pre-proof of concept, bias. And I think that's what we've shown over a long period of time with the evolution of our late-stage programs now. Many of those were deals that were done in a number of years ago in a very efficient way. So we'll continue to look at it, nothing to report, per se. But we have our eye on trying to be very disciplined, very strategic about kind of deploying that cash, a good high-class problem to have. With respect to kind of your specific question, I think nothing -- those opportunities aren't lost on us in terms of, are there ways to deploy it -- deploy cash to buy down future obligations? It really becomes, does it make sense? And is it a bid-and-ask type of thing? It really is very deal-specific and specific to each individual opportunity. And we'll be equally disciplined on that front as well.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Michael Yee from RBC Capital Markets.
Michael J. Yee - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: A question for Doug or Al. Have you looked at or can you comment on what work you've done, improving the tolerability of BG-12 at the start? There are a lot of European docs out there talking about the ability to use aspirin with FUMADERM. And I know you've run an early Phase I study in healthy volunteers. Can you maybe comment on what came out of that or what your experience has been around that?
Alfred Sandrock: So this is Al. We have run a small study to evaluate the effects of drugs like aspirin to mitigate tolerability of BG-12. And as you know, we're not quite ready to talk about the results at this time. But I can tell you that we are -- we will soon be talking about it. We have completed the study. So, Doug, I don't know if you want to add anything.
Douglas Edward Williams: No, I'd just point out that I think the conclusion from the study as well is that what we've seen are sort of mild to moderate issues that haven't really contributed to the discontinuation rate in a meaningful way. So that, plus the fact that these side effects tend to wane with further treatment, we don't see them as a real issue.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Eric Schmidt from Cowen and Company.
Eric Schmidt - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: Another kind of BG-12 future question. I also noticed you have a new formulation in clinical trials. I was wondering what that's about, whether that speaks to tolerability or patent life or what have you. And maybe a second part to the question, what other indications are you thinking about starting up trials in with BG-12?
Alfred Sandrock: Yes, that's actually -- I'd characterize that as a life cycle management study to look at the ability to consolidate pills and to make it easier for patients. So instead of 2 pills, it would be 1 pill.
Eric Schmidt - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: Other indications.
Alfred Sandrock: Oh, and other indications, still noodling on that, I think, as a team at this point. But certainly, with neuroprotection, based on the mechanism, I think you can conjure up a few other potential indications that might make some sense.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Robyn Karnauskas from Deutsche Bank.
Robyn Karnauskas - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: So I was just going to ask you a question about one of the things you mentioned on the call. You noted that about 70% of the JCV positive patients are staying on therapy, and that seems really impressive to me. Maybe you can comment on, do you expect -- how -- what do you think would be the long-term percentage of JCV positives that remain on TYSABRI? How should we think about that? And maybe in the EU, what might be some initial color on how the JCV assay is affecting new patients coming to drug and discontinuations?
Francesco Granata: As we outlined in the -- earlier, there are -- we have seen a few trends. One is the high-level of stability of patients who are virus-positive, and we expect this to continue, given the efficacy profile of the drug and given also the other risk factor which associated time and prior exposure to immunosuppressant. The other -- we have seen also an extended use of the JC virus on testing patients who are not on TYSABRI, which make us feel that there will be more patients who will be considered for TYSABRI use than before because of the JC virus assay. What we see in Europe is not very different from what we have seen in the United States. You should remember that Europe has a slightly higher use of immunosuppressant as a first-line therapy for MS than the United States. So it might be that the initial impact could be slightly different from the United States. But the key learnings that we have from the U.S. market has been shared with the European affiliates. So there is a more robust question in the asset management done by the reps whenever possible or by MSs. So we are really confident that the tool will become an important tool to expand the use of TYSABRI user and keep the right positive patients on the drug. I cannot comment on exact percentage. We are still investigating through market research. But, again, we're listing that TYSABRI will continue to be an important tool for patients and physician to treat MS.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Geoff Porges from Bernstein.
Geoffrey C. Porges - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: I thought I'd just follow-up on the JCV assay. Could you give us a sense of roughly what number of patients -- now you've sort of gone through the various trials, what number of patients are being tested on, say, a quarterly basis? And then the distribution of who's doing the test between you and Quest and any other commercial vendors. And lastly, as this is really related, we've heard reports of false negatives on the commercial assay. I wondered if you talk about that and whether you're seeing people sort of doing confirmatory testing or anything or if there's a higher false negative rate out there.
George A. Scangos: You take the scientific one first, okay?
Douglas Edward Williams: The false negative? Yes, I mean, we've not heard the reports that you've heard about false negative testing. Thus far, we've not had reports come to us that can be confirmed of a false negative. It's an assay that we transferred. It's basically the assay that we put together and validated. And so we have a lot of confidence in the way the assay is being run in the commercial setting, as well as in the experimental setting, when we run the assay in the stratified trials and then samples come back to us. So that's -- we have a lot of confidence in the assay in terms of how robust it is. Obviously, the regulatory bodies do as well. At least in Europe, we've got that now in the label as a stratification tool.
Paul J. Clancy: And then, Geoff, let me give a little bit of background on your kind of question of Quest versus the trial. And you went through the deck, so you probably have these stats, but maybe for everyone. To date, going back to spring of 2010, we now have had over 59,000 patients globally that have been tested for the JCV antibody status. The highest proportion of that is STRATIFY 2. That is just under 34,000 patients. To your specific question on Quest versus STRATIFY 2, which is kind of really -- kind of, I think, the nub of your detailed question, which is in the United States, those are the 2 options. Quest is really just about 30 days in. So there is a de minimis amount of Quest assays through the third quarter. The majority are still STRATIFY 2 in the third quarter. And obviously the difference is, in STRATIFY 2 it's a limited number of sites. It's a big number of sites, but a limited -- it's not all the centers across the United States, whereas Quest allows that to happen. That hasn't really penetrated yet. Obviously, we're awaiting the PDUFA deadline in the United States, the extended PDUFA deadline in order to really kind of get that thing going. We had -- our objective always was to try to synchronize the label with the commercial availability in the United States. We've got the commercial availability a little bit prior to the label. Unilabs is outside the United States. That is about 20,000 tests to date. Of that 20,000, there were about 10,000 test -- assay tests in the third quarter alone. So that uptake in Europe, per se, has been very, very, very strong. And I kind of think it probably had, as we have alluded and Elan alluded, a bit of an impact on discontinuations. But it still is quite strong kind of patient growth, even in light of that in Europe. And as Francesco had noted, what we're now seeing is a migration to both naves of non-TYSABRI patients being considered in Europe. Hopefully, that provides a little bit of color.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Werber from Citi.
Yaron Werber - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: So maybe a question -- I'm not sure if Tony is there or George. What do you think -- how do you think the strategy may change? Or how may you guys kind of look at the way you're commercializing the drugs, now that Francesco is moving onwards? And then secondly, the BG-12 data obviously looks great, right? And tolerability is very good. Are you considering at all doing maybe a head-to-head switching study, maybe against one of the other ABCRs and patients who are currently stable as a way to switch them over? I mean, the first-line market obviously is not huge, but docs are going to BG-12 probably anyway for switching. But the question is, do you want to even show them data?
George A. Scangos: Yes, look, I don't think we anticipate any meaningful changes in how we've been marketing our drugs at all. Francesco and Tony have been working closely together now for almost 2 years. They've both been part of the success that we've had so far. So I think we'll go on in much the same way as we have in the past. If it ain't broke, don't fix it, right? It's our strategy. Our execution has been working well so far, and we'll keep it up.
Francesco Granata: Yes, again, thank you, George. I think strategy remains the same. Strategy goes from the right positioning of the drugs, first of all, the right pricing for the drugs, the right messaging for the drug and then the appropriate training and field force allocation, which is exactly what we have been doing to continue to co-position TYSABRI and AVONEX. Now we have another nice problem to have. And we are pretty sure that by continuing to fine-tune the strategy around those lines, again, right message; right positioning; right messaging; right field force training at the location; and clearly, rightsizing of the field force, we'll continue to be successful in this market.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Rachel McMinn from Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Rachel L. McMinn - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Yes, 2-part but unrelated. Just, Paul, I wanted to get your sense on gross margins, whether we should expect them to worsen a little bit before they get better, just all the factors that they increased cost with testing, but perhaps benefiting longer-term from the TYSABRI manufacturing switch. But a clinical question as well on JC-virus-positive patients. It seems like people want to stay away from them because they're worried about, if they test positive and they've already been on TYSABRI, they're afraid of kind of seeing PML with their drug, like Novartis, for example. I'm just wondering if you're contemplating doing any specific testing in those patients who've been on TYSABRI and maybe switching them to BG-12.
George A. Scangos: Yes, I have heard some concern from colleagues about putting people who are JCV antibody positive to other drugs that are immunomodulatory. That concern is, I think, natural. So -- but other than that, in terms of doing studies on that, we're not there.
Paul J. Clancy: And then, Rachel, for the gross margins, I think -- broadly speaking, I think you have it right, is that there is probably unfavorable pressure in the short term on gross margins, driven by exactly what it was in Q3. And the PEN put a little bit of pressure on that. The assay, we're now funding that -- we're essentially funding that in Europe. We will be funding that in the United States, and that will impact the cost of goods sold line. And then this impact that we saw that helped out a little bit on revenue in terms of contract manufacturing comes with very high cost of goods sold. So -- but all of those, to some extent, will alleviate over the longer term, right? We hope to get the assay, particularly in the United States at some point in time, reimbursed through normal channels. The contract manufacturing, while it comes with high cost of goods sold in the short term, the longer-term impact of that is creating a far more efficient biologics manufacturing platform, a far more efficient in that has benefits through all of our products. And that shows up essentially around -- very correlated with the months of inventory that we have in the business, which is plentiful because of the nature of this business. And then we also do see improved margins down the road again, with kind of the opening up of the Denmark plants, and specifically third-party royalties avoidance on the TYSABRI products. So I think it all bodes well, but it just is a little bit longer term. In the short term, the assay, the PEN are very, very good investments. I view them as very, very good investments that are showing up and helping out the buoyancy of AVONEX and certainly risk stratification on TYSABRI penetration.
Operator: Your last question comes from the line of Sapna Srivastava from Goldman Sachs.
Sapna Srivastava - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: I just wanted some more color on the current switching rate in the existing MS market. And also, just how do you think, when BG-12 enter the market, it can change it? And what have we learned from Gilenya's experience so far? And clearly, with BG-12 supply being so different, how do you think that can effect a change?
Francesco Granata: I think that -- yes, a good question. I think, that it was, in part, answered by the previous questions. And thus, we have seen that what Gilenya has done is that it brought more patients back to the MS panel. And we have also seen that there is probably an increase of switches. The switches will occur a little bit earlier, switches for both efficacy and tolerability. And so we expect that this trend, given that there is a high expectation for oral drug, will continue to be in the market, and will probably expand a little bit. And on top of that, as I said before, there will be more patients coming from emerging markets, not all of them, because of the prevalence of the disease. But emerging market will have better diagnosis and will have also better healthcare system in the future. So we expect that there will be a continuous growth of the MS market because of this combined factoring. Particular, as you mentioned, for oral treatment, still noticing that there will be also some -- these remain for the high-efficacy end of that. And still, market will remain for also drugs that are well-established on the market because of their long-term established efficacy and safety profile. So we think we are in a very good market, and we are competing in this market with the right answer for all the patients and physicians.
Kia Khaleghpour: That was our last question. Thank you for your participation in today's call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2011 Q2  (2011-07-26 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Francesco Granata - Executive Vice President of Global Commercial Operations Alfred Sandrock -  George Scangos - Chief Executive Officer and Director Paul Clancy - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President of Finance Douglas Williams - Executive Vice President of Research and Development Kia Khaleghpour - Associate Director of Investor Relations
Analysts: Gene Mack - Mizuho Securities USA Inc. Robyn Karnauskas - Deutsche Bank AG Ravi Mehrotra - Crdit Suisse AG Thomas Wei - Jefferies & Company, Inc. Joshua Schimmer - Leerink Swann LLC Yaron Werber - Citigroup Inc Michael Yee - RBC Capital Markets, LLC Eric Schmidt - Cowen and Company, LLC Mark Schoenebaum - ISI Group Inc. Matthew Roden - UBS Investment Bank Rachel McMinn - BofA Merrill Lynch Geoffrey Meacham - JP Morgan Chase & Co
Operator: Good morning, my name is Steve, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Biogen Idec's Second Quarter 2011 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Kia Khaleghpour, you may begin your conference.
Kia Khaleghpour: Thank you, and welcome to Biogen Idec's Second Quarter 2011 Earnings Conference Call. Before we begin, I encourage everyone to go to the Investor Section of biogenidec.com to find the press release and related financial tables, including a reconciliation of the non-GAAP financial measures that we'll discuss today. We've also posted slides on our website that follow the discussions related to today's call. As usual, we'll start with the Safe Harbor statement.  Comments made in this conference call include forward-looking statements that are subject to risks and uncertainties. Words such as believe, expects, may, plan, will, and similar expressions are intended to identify such statements. Actual results could differ materially from our expectations, and you should carefully review the risks and uncertainties that are described in our earnings slides, earnings release and in the Risk Factors section of our most recent annual and quarterly reports filed with the SEC. We do not undertake any obligation to publicly update any forward-looking statements.  Today on the call, I'm joined by Dr. George Scangos, Chief Executive Officer; Dr. Francesco Granata, Executive Vice President of Global Commercial Operations; Dr. Doug Williams, Executive Vice President of Research and Development; and Paul Clancy, Executive Vice President of Finance and Chief Financial Officer. We'll also be joined for the Q&A portion of the call by Dr. Al Sandrock, Senior Vice President of Development.  Now I'll turn the call over to George.
George Scangos: Okay, thanks, Kia, and thanks to all of you for joining us this morning. We're now halfway through the year, and Im pleased with the performance of the company so far. For the quarter, product revenues grew by 11% year-over-year. The big driver was TYSABRI revenue, which grew 28% year-over-year and which is now trending to reach over $1.5 billion in annualized end-market sales. Total revenues were $1.2 billion, and non-GAAP diluted EPS was $1.36. Both of these numbers were impacted by a charge for an arbitration decision this quarter between Genentech and Hoechst that affected RITUXAN and which had a negative impact of about $0.15 on our EPS.  In addition to strong TYSABRI sales, AVONEX continued to do well, and AVONEX market share in the ABCRE class has been stabilized. After that, a good quarter for RITUXAN and continued focus on costs, and it all adds up to solid financial and commercial performance. It's been 12 months since I began at Biogen Idec now, and the time really does seem to have flown by. In addition to our strong and improving commercial performance, I'd like to take a moment or 2 to recap some additional accomplishments during this time period, as well as the progress we've made on refocusing and reinvigorating Biogen Idec.  As you know, we've narrowed our strategic focus to the areas we know best: neurology, immunology and hemophilia. And our R&D is now structured around programs that we truly believe in and that leverage our strengths. Because of this focus, we made progress toward driving a more efficient R&D organization, and our R&D spend is now in the low to mid-20s as a percent of sales. This level of investment supports an enviable late-stage pipeline with the potential to produce multiple product launches over the next few years, as well as an emerging high-quality early-stage pipeline.  During the last 12 months, our improved focus and reinvigoration of the organization has driven strong product performance and allowed our late-stage pipeline to mature. Francesco and Doug will talk about these in greater depth. But to highlight, after tremendous work by many people in the organization, we received a new label for TYSABRI in the EU to include JC Virus Antibody Status as an additional risk factor for PML. Physicians and patients can now consider JCV Antibody Status, as well as prior immunosuppressant use and treatment duration when assessing the risk of PML for individual patients. Along with the commercial availability of the JCV assay in Europe, the MS community now has more tools to make an informed treatment decision, which we all believe will unlock the value of TYSABRI. Concurrently, the European Commission renewed the 5-year marketing authorization for TYSABRI. The impressive growth of the TYSABRI business over this past year and the strong demand we've seen this quarter is a testament to the efficacy of TYSABRI, as well as the excellent planning and execution.  After several years of AVONEX share decline, we have substantially improved the business as a result of a thoughtful strategy and excellent execution. In addition, this past June, the AVONEX PEN autoinjector device was approved in the EU and Canada, and represents an important convenience for patients and a valuable expansion to our AVONEX franchise. After an initial negative opinion from the CHMP earlier this year and against the odds, we received a positive opinion for marketing authorization for FAMPYRA in May. Yesterday, we announced that we've received approval for the European Commission for FAMPYRA to improve walking in adult patients with multiple sclerosis who have walking disability. We're now ramping up for a successful launch so that we can maximize the potential of this important compound and address the unmet need for MS patients with walking impairment.  The hemophilia program has made some great progress. Earlier today, Phase I2 data were presented for our long-acting Factor VIII product at a major medical meeting in Kyoto, Japan. Our long-acting Factor addresses an important unmet need in hemophilia community, where less frequent injections will mean more convenience and potentially better compliance in prophylactic clear, which in turn can potentially lead to better long-term outcomes for patients.  Last quarter, we shared the top line results from DEFINE, the first of 2 registrational trials for BG-12, our investigational oral compound for relapsing remitting MS. We're very enthusiastic about the results, and we're optimistic that BG-12 will have a leading role in the MS market. The full data set for DEFINE has been accepted as a platform presentation and will be presented at ECTRIMS this fall. And as you know, the second study, CONFIRM, will also read out during the second half of the year. As a continuation of our efforts towards a more collaborative and reinvigorated culture, we will further consolidate our Massachusetts sites and move everyone to our Cambridge location. The proximity will make it easier for people in the various parts of the company to interact with each other and to work effectively as teams. Getting people together is an important part of our culture and will help us become a more agile, focused and collaborative company. We expect this move to occur in the second half of 2013.  Before I conclude, I'd like to congratulate the entire organization on these accomplishments. Our performance and outlook are a credit to the entire team, to all of our employees, whose hard work and dedication has resulted in a strong TYSABRI performance, our overall solid financial performance and the remarkable progress we've made advancing one of the strongest late-stage pipelines in the industry.  I'd now like to turn the call over to Francesco Granata, our Executive Vice President of Global Commercial Operations, for a more detailed update on our commercial performance for the quarter. Francesco?
Francesco Granata: Thank you, George, and good morning, everyone. As George mentioned at the start of the call, our commercial performance this quarter is very positive. The journey of the commercial organization success continues, as the plan we are executing deliver results.  Starting with AVONEX. Total worldwide sales were up 5% versus Q2 last year and up 3% versus Q1. Our AVONEX performance in the U.S. has continued to hold. This quarter, we had unit sales of 166,000, which was consistent with the previous quarter. And AVONEX patient share in the ABCRE remarket has remained stable for the last 12 months despite the competition in the market. In Europe and Canada, AVONEX unit growth remains strong at 4% over the previous quarter, and AVONEX is gaining share consistently since late 2010. Although the total unit dropped on a sequential basis this quarter due to timing of shipment in some tender market, we continue to expand AVONEX in the rapidly growing emerging markets, where AVONEX unit had grown 18% this first 6 months of 2011 compared to the same period last year. In Japan, we have one of the highest market share globally for AVONEX at 37%.  Moving on to TYSABRI performance, Q2 was very strong. Worldwide, in-market TYSABRI revenue was $389 million, an increase of 31% versus the same quarter last year, and TYSABRI units increased 15%. We ended the quarter with 61,500 patients, an increase of 2,400 over the last quarter, and we continue to gain market share despite more competition in the MS market. Worldwide, net patient addition averaged 185 per week, up from 146 in Q1 and the highest average which we add since a year ago. In the U.S., we saw some slowing of discontinuation this quarter, while at the same time, we saw the highest number of new TOUCH forms submitted since 2009. We also reached a significant milestone from TYSABRI of 1 million infusions since the relaunch in 2006.  As George mentioned, we believe TYSABRI is now on a run rate of $1.5 billion in annualized in-market sales. A well thought-out strategy, additional training for our sales force and clarifying our messaging with added focus on TYSABRI has in large part driven this demand. In addition, there are now more than 28,000 patients who have been accrued into STRATIFY 1 in the U.S. We suggest the continued interest on the part of the patients and physicians for more individualized care through risk stratification.  In the EU, the TYSABRI label was updated. And the JCV commercial assay become available to our partner Unilabs in March. More than 9,000 patients have been tested for JCV Antibody Status at the end of June. When the JCV Antibody test first became available, 100% of the patients we screened were current TYSABRI users. What we are finding as each month goes by, more and more of the patients we screen are non-TYSABRI users, pointing to the interest in the community to use risk stratification when thinking about treatment decisions. In addition, now the JCV Antibody Status is in the label in the EU, our sales force can begin actively educating the market in Europe about risk stratification.  In the U.S., we are also finalizing plans to make the assay available and expect broad commercial availability in the coming months. Our goal is to ensure that there are no barriers for patients and physicians to accept the assay.  In addition to the current business performance, I am very excited about 2 new launches coming up from commercial business: AVONEX PEN and FAMPYRA. First, given the good news about the approval of the AVONEX PEN in the European Union and Canada this quarter, the commercial team has begun the launch of this important new offering to the market. Canada, Germany, Netherlands, the U.K. and Ireland are the first country to launch. In Canada, where the PEN has been available since the start of June, 70% of the AVONEX new start are on PEN, and 20% of new AVONEX PEN patients switch from other disease modifying therapies. While we are in the very early days, there is much interest in the AVONEX PEN for both new patients and current AVONEX users. This will be an important launch for letting us to secure AVONEX position in the ABCRE market.  Next, since the recent positive opinion for market authorization for FAMPYRA in the European Union in May and the recent approval, we have been getting ready for launch. Given the high unmet medical need for mobility environment in MS, the team is working to ensure that assessment and management, the working ability and how to identify treatment responders is well understood by healthcare professionals. Secure reimbursement and access are also key launch imperatives for the commercial team. By largely leveraging the current infrastructure, we will be able to apply the proper effort to maximize this important treatment. We will be negotiating country by country for pricing and distribution, and the first country to launch will be Germany in Q3 this year with other countries to follow over the course of 2011 and '12. We are fully committed to the successful launch of FAMPYRA and look forward to bringing this important treatment to patients.  With the new launches of AVONEX PEN and FAMPYRA in the EU, we are building on the momentum we began this first half of the year. I believe, in our continued ability to deliver stock performance in the commercial group, we are invested in the ongoing education and skills improvement for our sales force. This will ensure that they are well-equipped to execute on our current products today and for the new launches in the future. In particular, the commercial team has begun internal planning to maximize the BG-12 launch.  At the same time, we have increased the skills of the Medical Science Liaison Team, so that they are providing the needed scientific and medical support for our therapeutic areas within the medical community. We have strengthened and focused our market access capabilities to driving increased penetration and growth of our products and prepare for the new launches. And finally, in light of our culture of excellence initiative, we have continued to strengthen both the global and the local commercial teams. We have deployed tools allowing them to work better together to fully leverage the scales and the skills of our organization and to develop top-quality brand plans and focus on excellent execution. With that in mind, we will continue to focus on making our commercial team the competitive advantage for Biogen.  I will now turn the call over to Doug Williams, our Executive Vice President of R&D.
Douglas Williams: Thank you, Francesco. During Q2, we made important advancements on several aspects of our R&D program and, as George mentioned, attained a significant milestone for TYSABRI risk stratification. Last month, the European Commission approved an update to the TYSABRI label to include the presence of anti-JC virus antibody as a risk factor for PML. We now have a 3-pronged approach for risk stratification, demonstrating different levels of PML risk and allowing for a more personalized benefit risk discussion for each patient on or considering TYSABRI. This update to the EU label was supported by analysis of data and our quantitative risk stratification algorithm. In the analysis, patients who were anti-JCV Antibody negative had the lowest risk for developing PML. For patients who are anti-JCV Antibody positive, the risk of PML in patients with less than 2 years of TYSABRI treatment and no prior immunosuppressant usage was estimated at 0.4 per 1,000. And this risk increased to 2.6 per 1,000 for patients with TYSABRI exposure between 2 and 4 years. For patients with less than 2 years of TYSABRI treatment and prior immunosuppressant history, the risk of PML was estimated at 1.2 per 1,000. The highest risk category was identified with all 3 risk factors, which includes anti-JCV antibody positive status, prior immunosuppressant usage and greater than 2 years of TYSABRI treatment. For these patients, the risk of PML was estimated at almost 9 per 1,000.  We believe that approximately 10% of all MS patients are JCV Antibody positive and have prior immunosuppressant history. In Europe, physicians and patients are now equipped to make better-informed decisions about their treatment with TYSABRI either through the commercial JCV assay or via participation in JEMS, which stands for the JCV Epidemiology in MS Study. As of mid-July, we enrolled over 3,000 patients in JEMS. In the U.S., we expect a decision -- an FDA decision on our sBLA filing for TYSABRI in October. Also, we expect to make the assay commercially available in the coming months as a laboratory-developed test. In the meantime, patients have access to the assay via the STRATIFY 2 study, which, through mid-July, enrolled about 28,000 patients.  With regards to our hemophilia franchise, we shared important data today at the 23rd Congress of the International Society on Thrombosis and Haemostasis in Kyoto, Japan. Six out of our 8 abstracts were platform presentations and focused on the advancements of our hemophilia programs. One presentation that I'll highlight includes a Phase I 2a study of our long-lasting fully recombinant Factor VIII Fc fusion protein, which showed that the drug demonstrated on approximately 1.7 fold increase in half-life compared with Advate, a commercially available Factor VIII product in 16 previously treated patients with severe hemophilia A. Our long-lasting recombinant Factor VIII had comparable -- in dose-dependent peak plasma concentration, comparable recovery but reduced clearance relative to Advate. Importantly, no inhibitor formation was observed. These data indicate that there would be 50 to 80 less injections per year for hemophilia A patients. During this quarter, we also made progress on all of our registrational trials. Some updates include CONFIRM, the second Phase III study of BG-12 in MS, is on track for data readout in the second half of this year. CONFIRM is a 2-year placebo-controlled dose comparison study. In order to fulfill EU regulatory requirements, the study includes a glatiramer acetate reference comparator arm. Trial is not powered for superiority or non-inferiority versus glatiramer acetate. CONFIRM's primary endpoint is annualized relapse rate at 2 years for BG-12 versus placebo. We will present detailed results from DEFINE, the first Phase III study of BG-12 at ECTRIMS in October in Amsterdam.  We expect data readout for SELECT, the first registration enabling study of daclizumab in MS to be this summer. Dac has the potential for treating MS with a convenient once monthly subcutaneous administration. The drug targets the pathogenic activated T-cells in MS through a novel mechanism, and a prior Phase II study showed promising efficacy and safety data.  ADVANCE, the Phase III trial of PEGylated interferon for MS, is planned to complete enrollment by year end. This trial is conducted under a special protocol assessment with the FDA. With a one-year treatment duration, an annualized relapse rate is the primary endpoint. We expect top line data to be available in early 2013. We've activated over 80% of the clinical sites in EMPOWER, the Phase III study of dexpramipexole in ALS. All countries participated have at least one center activated. We and our partner, Knopp Biosciences, are very excited about the enthusiasm that we've received from both healthcare providers and patients for participation in this international trial.  Lastly, we're pleased with the rate of enrollment for B-LONG and A-LONG, the registrational trials of long-lasting recombinant Factor IX and Factor VIII, that are on track for readout in 2012. For both of our hemophilia A and B programs, we and our partner, Swedish orphan Biovitrum, plan to initiate a global pediatric trial in previously treated patients under 12 years of age as soon as sufficient data are available from a study in older patients.  Moving on to our early-stage pipeline programs, I want to highlight 3. First, our Phase I study of Anti-LINGO in MS continues to progress on track with data readout expected in early 2012. Primary analysis of the single and multiple ascending dose cohorts will include various safety metrics and pharmacokinetic data, as well as measurements of antibody levels in the CSF.  Another important early-stage program is neublastin, an endogenous neurotrophic factor, the receptor for which is predominantly expressed in pain-sensing neurons in the peripheral nervous system. Based on animal studies, the drug has shown a reduction of pain behaviors to the neuropathic pain state. Phase I study includes both single and multiple ascending dose cohorts, and we expect data readout for the single ascending portion of the trial in the first half of 2012.  Third, we've initiated dosing now in the Phase I study of BIIB037, our fully humanized anti-A beta monoclonal antibody, also known as BART in Alzheimer's disease patients. We expect data readout in the second half of 2012.  Let me wrap up with a brief organizational update. As George told you earlier, we continue to make progress on our R&D invigoration efforts to build a world-class R&D organization. Im very excited to announce the addition of 3 key hires. First, Dr. Tim Harris, as the Senior Vice President of our Translational Medicine Group. Tim joined us from NCI-Frederick, where he was Chief Technology Officer and Director of the Advanced Technology Program. Tim will provide leadership in our efforts for personalized medicine. His group will focus on molecular, serologic or cell-based markers to identify patients most likely to benefit from our drugs and drug candidates. Our efforts with PML risk stratification is just one example of putting those approaches into practice.  Second, Dr. Jo Viney, as the Vice President of Immunology Research. Jo joins us from Amgen, where she was Executive Director of Research Inflammation and led the discovery and development of novel therapeutics for autoimmune and inflammatory diseases. Jo will provide strategic direction and scientific leadership for our immunology research efforts.  And third, Dr. Teresa Compton, as Vice President of Virology Research. She'll be taking the leadership role with our PML research efforts. Teresa joins us from Novartis, where she was Executive Director of Infectious Diseases. The addition of Teresa shows our commitment to risk stratification.  In summary, I'm pleased with the progress the R&D organization has attained this quarter, especially with the TYSABRI EU label and turning around the FAMPYRA appeal. I look forward to providing you with further updates on our progress in the coming quarters.  With that, I'll now pass the call to Paul Clancy, our Chief Financial Officer.
Paul Clancy: Thanks, Doug. I'll begin with our GAAP financials, which are provided in Tables 1 and 2 of the earnings release. Table 3 includes a reconciliation of the GAAP to non-GAAP results. The primary difference between our GAAP and non-GAAP results for the second quarter was $55 million related to the amortization of acquired intangibles, partially offset by the tax impact on our reconciling items. Our GAAP diluted earnings per share was $1.18 in the second quarter, an increase of 5% over the second quarter 2010.  Now I'll move on to the non-GAAP P&L, which we believe better represents the ongoing economics of our business and reflects how we manage the business internally. Our non-GAAP diluted earnings per share was $1.36 for Q2, representing a 4% increase versus prior year. Total revenue for the second quarter was $1.2 billion, flat year-over-year. These results, both revenue and earnings per share, including approximate charge of $50 million to Biogen Idec in the second quarter, as a result of an accrual for estimated damages related to an intermediate decision in Genentech's ongoing arbitration with Hoechst. This amounted to an unfavorable impact of approximately $0.15 to our reported non-GAAP earnings per share.  Going through our product revenues, I'll focus on adding financial details to Francesco's comments. Q2 AVONEX worldwide product revenue was strong, growing 5% to $659 million. In the U.S., where AVONEX grew 10% to $409 million, inventory in the channel ended at just over 2.3 weeks, a slight increase from last quarter, while shipping days remained consistent with last quarter. Internationally, AVONEX product revenue was $250 million, which was a 3% decrease compared to Q2 2010. The decrease was impacted primarily by unfavorable hedge comparison. International AVONEX revenue in Q2 includes a $15 million hedge loss as compared to Q2 2010, which included a $15 million hedge gain.  TYSABRI worldwide in-market sales were $389 million in the second quarter. For Biogen Idec, we recorded TYSABRI product sales of $281 million in Q2, a 28% increase over Q2 2010. In the U.S., Q2 TYSABRI product revenue to Biogen Idec grew 31% to $81 million. Q2 international TYSABRI product revenue was $200 million, a 27% increase over the prior year, reflecting higher volumes across the majority of markets. Current quarter included a $3 million loss from hedging.  Now moving on to the RITUXAN collaboration revenues. First, our share of U.S. RITUXAN profits. U.S. RITUXAN collaboration sales were $749 million in the second quarter, up 6% versus prior year. This was driven by the launch of new indications, including first-line maintenance use in follicular lymphoma and 2 forms of vasculitis. Our profit share from the U.S. business was $190 million. Second, royalties and profit share on sales of RITUXIMAB outside the U.S. were $25 million in Q2. And third, we were reimbursed $2 million for selling and development costs incurred related to RITUXAN in Q2. The $50 million charge from the accrual relating to Genentech's ongoing arbitration reduced our U.S. profit share by $45 million and reduced the x U.S. royalties and profit by $5 million. The results netted to $216 million of revenue from unconsolidated joint business for Q2. Royalties were $29 million for the second quarter, a slight decrease from the second quarter of 2010. We also recorded $7 million of corporate partner revenue in the second quarter.  Now turning to the expense lines of the non-GAAP P&L. Q2 cost of goods sold were $101 million or 8% of revenues. Q2 R&D expense was $285 million or 24% of revenues. The late-stage pipeline accounted for over half of the R&D investment in the quarter as we continue to make progress on a very exciting set of programs. Additionally, we recognized the $5 million milestone to AVEO, resulting from the initiation of a tox study to support an IND filing.  Q2 SG&A expense was $265 million or 22% of revenues, an increase of 5% over the same period last year. Foreign exchange accounted for all of the increase as SG&A was down on a constant currency basis. Continuing down the P&L, our collaboration profit sharing line totaled $88 million in expense for the quarter. Other income and expense was a loss of $12 million in Q2. Included in this amount was $6 million of losses related to various strategic investments in early-stage biotechs. Our Q2 non-GAAP tax rate was approximately 24%, which is favorable compared to our historical rate due to the relative change in business mix with the shift towards our international business in the current quarter. We also benefited from a higher level of expenditures eligible for the orphan drug credit.  Let me also call attention to the non-controlling interest line on the P&L. In the second quarter, we incurred a $16 million charge in NCI. Included in this amount is a $15 million payment to Neurimmune due to the progress of the BIIB037 program for an IND submission.  In the second quarter, our weighted average diluted shares were 245 million. During Q2, we repurchased 2.2 million shares for a total cost of $191 million. We ended the quarter with approximately $2.5 billion in cash and marketable securities, split approximately 60-40 between the U.S. and outside the U.S., which brings us to our non-GAAP diluted earnings per share, which were $1.36 in the second quarter.  As George mentioned, we signed 2 leases this month in preparation for our consolidation to Cambridge, Mass. We expect construction to begin in late 2011. We expect to incur a GAAP charge of approximately $35 million in the second half of 2013, when we occupy the new buildings.  Now moving on to our full year guidance. We now expect full year revenue growth of low- to mid-single digit versus 2010, improved from our original outlook. The improvement in revenues is a result of favorable foreign exchange and, more importantly, the continued strength we've seen from TYSABRI with an annualized run rate for in-market TYSABRI revenues now trending over $1.5 billion. With respect to cost of goods sold, I want to point out that we will see approximately 50 to 75 basis points increase in the balance of year COGS, as we'll be finding the AVONEX PEN and JCV assay in order to ensure accessibility for patients.  We expect COGS to be between 9% and 10% of sales. R&D is expected to be between 22% to 24% of sales, unchanged from prior communication. SG&A expense is expected to be at the higher end of the range of 20% to 21% of revenue, driven partially by foreign exchange and a modest growth in expenses in the second half to support the launch of FAMPYRA and some prep investment in BG-12.  Our tax rate outlook is unchanged at 26% to 28% of PBT. As a result, we anticipate GAAP and non-GAAP earnings per share results above $4.91 and $5.70, respectively. We've maintained our non-GAAP EPS guidance, while covering the RITUXAN arbitration charge from this quarter in the incremental second half launch investments.  So the outlook continues to capture the economic savings from the 2010 restructuring, drive solid performance from each of the core brands and invest behind a more focused pipeline. We expect this will drive double-digit earnings per share growth in 2011.  Now I'll hand the call over to George.
George Scangos: Okay. Thanks, Paul. To quickly sum up the quarter, I think we're very pleased with the solid commercial performance driven by strong TYSABRI sales, our overall strong financial results and the great progress on our late-stage pipeline. We've accomplished a lot. There's a lot on our plate for the rest of the year, and we're focused on execution and on continuing to deliver on the goals we defined for 2011.  There are several important events for the company in the upcoming months. The first daclizumab registrational trial will read out this summer. The commercial launch of FAMPYRA in the EU will begin in September. The full results for DEFINE will be presented at ECTRIMS in the fall, and the confirmed study will read out later this year. We're expecting a response from the FDA in the fall for our request to update the TYSABRI label to include JC Virus Antibody Status as part of risk stratification. We'll see Phase II data for GA101 in NHL later this year. Our hemophilia registration studies are enrolling well and on track for a data readout in 2012, and weve had very robust enrollment in our dexpramipexole study for ALS. We enter the second half of the year with a positive momentum, a clarity of mission and a reinvigorated organization.  And with that, we'll close the remarks and open up the call for questions. Thank you.
Kia Khaleghpour: Thanks, George. Operator, we're ready to open up the call for Q&A. [Operator Instructions] Operator, we're ready for the first question.
Operator: First question comes from the line of Mark Schoenebaum from ISI Group.
Mark Schoenebaum - ISI Group Inc.: I know Al is in the room, so I wanted to maybe take the opportunity to ask about BG-12, if I may, because I know everyone is thinking about it. But Al, can you just review for us what the major differences are between the CONFIRM trial and the DEFINE trial if any and also what your expectations are for Copaxone performance? Because there's been concern, at least amongst Wall Street folks that the historical behavior of Copaxone may not be predictive of future behavior. And then on the exclusivity side, can you guys give any kind of update on discussions with the EU regulators around exclusivity for the molecule?
Alfred Sandrock: So the main differences are -- well, there are more similarities than differences. The doses of BG-12 that are in CONFIRM are the same as they were in DEFINE. It's also a placebo-controlled trial. The only real difference is that there's an additional arm, the Copaxone arm, which is the same population size, the same sample size as the other 3 arms. So that's really the main difference. There's some minor differences in terms of inclusion and exclusion criteria. They're vastly the same. The only difference is that you couldn't have been on glatiramer acetate previously to enroll in CONFIRM because they would go back on potentially a drug that they had been on before. The only other difference is the endpoint, is the annualized relapse rate, is the primary endpoint in CONFIRM, whereas it was a secondary endpoint in DEFINE. And now, the proportion of patients relapsing, which was the primary endpoint for DEFINE, is now a secondary endpoint in CONFIRM. So those are the major differences. And then in terms of the exclusivity, would somebody else
George Scangos: Yes. I think we're in the regulatory process. I think we're very comfortable that we'll have 10 years of data exclusivity in the EU. And I know we've raised that issue a number of months ago. But I think we've made a lot of progress since then, and we're very comfortable with the exclusively position in the EU, as well as in the U.S.
Alfred Sandrock: And I guess Mark had the question about whether or not Copaxone is going to perform. And I think it's hard to speculate on that right now. I think -- I'm not sure I believe all the talk out there that it's not going to perform the same. I'm not -- I mean, clearly the relapse rates have decreased over time in the placebo groups of trials. That's clearly evident in our trials over the past 15 years. But whether or not Copaxone is going to perform as it did 15 years ago is hard to know.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Robyn Karnauskas from Deutsche Bank.
Robyn Karnauskas - Deutsche Bank AG: I guess, first of all, maybe if you could talk a little bit about the pediatrics study for your hemophilia B products. I think you'd mentioned that for that trial to begin, you had to have safety data on 10 patients with 50 exposures for your -- in your previous -- in your current study ongoing? I'm wondering if you've started that trial and where we are on reaching that requirement. And then secondly, can you talk about how you view the positioning of daclizumab with that data coming up shortly?
Douglas Williams: This is Doug. With respect to the Factor IX study, we need to see 10 patients worth of data with 50 exposures before we can initiate the pediatric portion of the study. We expect to be able to initiate that probably sometime in the early part of next year. So that's the timing that we see for being able to kick off the pediatric portion of the study. And with respect to daclizumab, I guess the positioning is all going to depend on what the data looks like. And until we see it, I really can't give you much more guidance than that.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Eric Schmidt from Cowen and Company.
Eric Schmidt - Cowen and Company, LLC: Question for Paul with regard to the restructuring and the update there. I think you had expected to achieve about $300 million in cost synergies, cost savings by mid-2011. I think the split was about 70% R&D, 30% SG&A. And I'm wondering if you could provide us with update on those targets. And I guess in particular, Paul, it looks like the SG&A is running a little bit higher than I might have expected. Maybe you could comment on that.
Paul Clancy: Yes, no, great question. It's helpful. Let me kind of wind us back to what were the 4 initiatives, 3 or 4 key initiatives in how we're making on progress. I mean, overall, I'd say, Eric, that we are right on track. This was -- right on track of -- our guidance actually contemplated the $300 million. The 4 key initiatives that we had was a number of programs that were de-prioritized, and all of those have happened, ranging from Galiximab to HSP90 to IGF-1R, Cripto, RAF, Lixivaptan. Those have all been de-prioritized, wound down. And we've attempted to partner a couple of those. We've made modest progress on that. Actually in the first quarter, there's a couple of kind of very small potential deals still in the waiting. We've closed sites. That was the second big initiative. The San Diego site was the biggest impact and then consolidation of some Massachusetts sites. Those have all essentially happened. Formally, the San Diego site will be closed the third quarter. The workforce reduction was the second one. We had a 13% workforce reduction that has been executed. And then the restructuring of the RITUXAN collaboration, which has an impact in the P&L on a few different places has been finished. And happy to report, actually, that the performance of the RITUXAN business as evidenced even by this quarter, with the 6% increase on the top line in the United States, that restructuring has been -- actually has not only led to efficiencies but effectiveness. Simultaneously, we anticipated as we move into this year into 2011 that we'd invest some of that behind defending the oral business. And I think that is probably what's showing up in SG&A, an increase. And then the second thing that's showing up in SG&A increase this year is the foreign exchange impact. So Q2 was probably the most pressing impact on that because we're comparing a spot rate of 143 last year to -- or this year to 127. That has had, actually, the full impact of the increase in SG&A. So I feel very good that we're achieving that and that we're making the right kind of impacts and investments back in SG&A to defend in the new landscape. And then balance of year, we'll probably, as I pointed out, make some investments in SG&A, both to launch FAMPYRA, which actually wasn't included in the original plan, as well have some prep stuff on BG-12.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ravi Mehrotra from Crdit Suisse.
Ravi Mehrotra - Crdit Suisse AG: Thank you for taking my question, which is really follow-on for Mark's question on BG-12's patent protection in Europe. Can you just give us any more color, George, on why your confidence has increased? And specifically, is it due to interaction with the EMA or interaction with your advisors? And linked in with that, can you give us any idea on timing of when we're going to get more clarity on the patent -- on the data exclusivity? Our presumption is that you'll file within 60 days of approval, and then it could take years to get further granularity.
George Scangos: Yes, good question. There are at least 2 ways to get data exclusivity in the EU. One is to have the compound designated as a new active substance. And I think we raised some questions at the beginning, and we still have some questions, as to whether BG-12 will be deemed to be a new active substance. I think the confidence comes from different ways to get to 10-years data exclusivity, which really stems from doing a separate development program and submitting a whole new data package, which we clearly qualify for. We've had a number of discussions, and I think we're very confident of being able to get the 10 years of data exclusivity based on that type of package. And so the -- I think we made this an issue at the beginning, probably was -- we're trying to just be open about some concerns that we had. I think, as we've gone into it more, weve realized that the issue really isn't an issue, and so we're feeling quite confident.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Rachel McMinn from Merrill Lynch.
Rachel McMinn - BofA Merrill Lynch: One quick question and then a longer question. Just the comments on TYSABRI, U.S. discontinuation slowing. I'm just curious if you think that's specifically related to implementation of the JC Virus assay in STRATIFY. Do you have any color on that? And just a bigger picture question, can you talk about your longer-term views of the MS market? I guess specifically whether you think that the future sales growth will be mostly market share shift as all these new products come into the market? Or whether you believe that there's really a big chunk of patients sitting on the sidelines that could also drive market expansion?
Francesco Granata: Yes, this is Francesco Granata. Yes, we think that the decrease in discontinuation is partially due to the fact that most of the patients have been tested and screened for their antibody status. So we had the big wave of discontinuation because of the 2-year duration of treatment prior exposure to immunosuppressant and the JCV status, and now that most of the patient -- a large proportion of the patients have been tested through the STRATIFY trial, we think that this is one of the reasons of the decrease in discontinuation. On the quality side, we should also mention that recently, we have seen during the month of June and a more trend also in percentage of naive staff, so this is encouraging for the business. As long as the landscape for MS is concerned, we think that over time, there will be an increased penetration of orals, there will be a continuous need of high efficacy drugs like TYSABRI, for example, and the risk stratification that we are implementing will allow to capture this opportunity. And we shall see a, not rapid but a decline in the ABCRE, the traditional ABCRE market in favor of this category of drugs. We are fully equipped to compete in this market with a very complete offer, still having AVONEX as , we think, a very good drug to play in the traditional ABCRE market, when we play for market share gains. We have a drug that will address the need for high efficacy to TYSABRI, and we are going to be fully prepared to exploit the potential of what we think will be an excellent offer in the euro segment, while continuing investing in the development of new options, like for example, DAC, that we are going to readout in a few months.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Michael Yee from RBC Capital Markets.
Michael Yee - RBC Capital Markets, LLC: Question on BG-12. I know it's not powered for superiority. I know it's all upside, if it happened. But theoretically, can you hit versus Copaxone? Do you have powering assumptions that or a statistical analysis that will be looked at, and will you run that analysis?
Alfred Sandrock: Well, you're right. We're not powered for superiority over BG-12. Could we hit? Yes, we could hit. We could not hit. I mean, it's very hard to speculate. There have been no recent placebo-controlled trials of Copaxone. Most of the data that we would have from Copaxone are from head-to-head studies. So that's why I answered the question I did earlier about being able to predict how Copaxone will behave. We don't have a lot of good placebo-controlled data from recent years. So I'll leave it at that.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Yaron Werber from Citi.
Yaron Werber - Citigroup Inc: I have 2 questions and -- which are sort of related. One is, congrats on the performance of AVONEX. It's doing extremely well. So just trying to understand a little bit, what do you think has changed in your messaging, Francesco? I mean, over the last year, you've done a really good job kind of turning that brand around. What's working there? Especially given that the latest comments from Novartis and the data from IMS suggest that, really, AVONEX is sort of beginning to stabilize a little bit. And then secondly, relating to daclizumab, the study -- the second Phase III is going head-to-head against daclizumab versus AVONEX, and I know that, that wasn't you guys' decision sort of, that's the previous management team. But maybe help us understand, why was the study designed that way? Why not go against Copaxone or another drug? And then sort of how would daclizumab fit in?
Francesco Granata: As usual, there is not a single ingredient of the recipe for creating success for a brand. It's a more complex setting, so messaging is one component. We have been constantly training the field force in making sure that they deliver the message that -- still AVONEX delivered unsurpassed efficacy and being the most convenient and drug and the most studied drug in the ABCRE segment. So the message is clear. The counter message is versus Gilenya is always updated, and the people are constantly trained according to what is the evolution of the Gilenya trend. And this is one element of the ingredients. There are other elements that are helping delivering what we think is a good performance is. Rightly [ph] for sizing, rightly [ph] for training. Now they have been trained for selling skill, they have been trained scientifically, they have been trained to target the segment, target the market and to manage account by account in a much better way. So there is much more quality, right size and focus of the field force. And finally, we have concentrated the effort on providing additional patient surveys like, for example, deploying nurses in the field in the United States but also in Europe, refining also the messaging of the patient servicing, allowing patients to go and stay more stable in therapy. Finally, I would like to quote something that is related to the dynamic of the switches. AVONEX has always been getting a high proportion of the naive -- of the new patient start and have always been one of the largest sources of switches, switches to the ABCRE in the past. Now things have not changed too much, simply some of the switches that from AVONEX who are going to the other ABCREs now go to Gilenya without a real big impact on increased number of switches. So as you see, the field force effectiveness is messaging and also on the intriguing characteristic of AVONEX, that is continuing to do very well in the new patient segment, has continued to keep the same position as it had in the past in the switch market, maybe even strengthening it a little bit.
George Scangos: I guess I'll answer the second question, which was why choose AVONEX. First of all, I think the interferons are viewed by most prescribers now as roughly similar in efficacy, particularly over the longer period, 2 years. There are, as you know, head-to-head data and shorter-term studies that seem to suggest that the higher dose interferons are more effective. But I think over a 2-year period, certainly, when you look -- when you compare cross interferons, they're pretty comfortable in terms of efficacy. So that's the first thing. And the second thing from a scientific point of view, we kind of like being able to do a double-dummy, double-blind study. And since all of these interferons now come in pre-filled syringes, we couldn't do a double-dummy double-blind study with other drugs, whereas we can with AVONEX since we make it. And so from a purely scientific point of view, that's the highest way -- that's the highest form of scientifically pure study. So for the both of those reasons, AVONEX was chosen.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Thomas Wei with Jefferies.
Thomas Wei - Jefferies & Company, Inc.: I had a question on TYSABRI. I guess, I think, if I heard you correctly, you said that 9,000 patients have been tested in Europe during the second quarter for JC Virus status. I guess I wanted to understand a little bit of the dynamics on the growth in particular, actually less during the quarter, it was a little surprising. How would you compare the dynamics of new patient growth versus, I guess, in particular, attrition in Europe relative to what we saw in the U.S. when the JC Virus assay was first introduced there?
Paul Clancy: Thomas, this is Paul. It's actually tough to compare kind of discontinuations in gross adds. Just simply because in the United States, we have very good data, and that's generally where we point that out in terms of the TOUCH forms. Outside the United States, our patient data is estimates and exactly estimates being -- each country triangulates on the information. So anecdotally, what we're hearing is very similar type of trend, that there is some modest upward pressure on discontinuations but that TYSABRI is being used more, particularly with respect to the benefit of risk stratification. If you think about it, between STRATIFY 1, STRATIFY 2, what we saw in terms of JC Virus assay use in Unilabs, as well as JEMS. Worldwide, there's over 45 -- over 40,000 patients now that have been tested on the JC assay. So that is really, really underscores what we're seeing in terms of this interest in risk stratification. And certainly in the United States, as well as outside the United States, anecdotally, what weve heard is that has slowly but surely moved early on in those tests to be primarily TYSABRI patients, to be moving towards a number of, as Francesco had mentioned, non-TYSABRI patients. So I think the dynamic that we've all thought would play out in terms of risk stratification playing into be a meaningful tool for TYSABRI is playing out. It's playing out slowly but surely, month by month, week by week, country by country.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Geoff Meacham with JPMorgan.
Geoffrey Meacham - JP Morgan Chase & Co: A question for you on -- another one on TYSABRI, you guys had a good quarter. What would you say was the biggest contributor to the sequential trends? Was it fewer discontinuations? New add tick-ups, any notable inventory trends? And then one on FAMPYRA, when you think about the European launch, what can you guys learn about the initial U.S. launch? And would you expect any verification of the walk speed benefited across Europe like we've seen in the U.S.?
Francesco Granata: Yes, on TYSABRI, again, thanks, very good question. The drivers of the quality trend in the sequential quarter is, again, linked to some, not only one driver. One is that the continuous interest in the segment of high efficacy drug, clearly there is a need. Risk stratification is providing the right tool to a -- first of all, to screen those patients who are more at-risk, and the big wave has already been -- we have already gone through that. But second to start identifying patients even in first line who could benefit because of the status of their disease by these segments. So we have seen, as I mentioned before, an increase or so of the use of -- is an adopter, not really an adopter, it's a trend over the past 4 or 5 weeks. And that we're trending in the use of TYSABRI for first line. So discontinuation are going down as I mentioned because most of the patients who were approaching the 2-year duration of treatment and prior exposure have been already, probably taken out from the -- or had gone into drug holidays. We have seen an increasing percent of patients utilizing drug holidays and alternative dosage. So all of these elements contribute to the upward trend, and we think that this is a trend that is probably going to be sustainable for our -- will last for also the future. And on FAMPYRA, the straight answer is, yes. There is clearly a team that is cross-regional. That team capitalize on the U.S. experience as a help in crafting the right messages in Europe. We think we have a good basis of patients to work with. And Europe, as you know, there are more or less 0.5 million MS patients. Roughly -- slightly more than 1/3 fall in the category of EDSS 4 to 7, so there is a regional pool of patients. We are crafting the messaging to make sure that the physician understands and the payers understand the value proposition which is linked not only to walking distance but also to the ability of the patient to be a little bit more independent in their daily life.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Gene Mack with Mizuho Securities.
Gene Mack - Mizuho Securities USA Inc.: I wonder if you could just share with us what percentage of the 9,000 patients on the -- that were JCV tested in Europe were actually positive or if there's anything notable there? And then, on hemophilia, it looks as though, based on Doug's comments, you're looking at, I guess, sort of 30% to 40% decrease in the infusion burden with the current product. I'm just wondering, if you will remind us, how that matches up with some of the market research that you've done. And then just lastly on annual relapse rates, I've heard the comments about the background rates going lower and lower, and I'm wondering, when the clinical significance of that is going to be called into question. And what maybe sponsors should start thinking about, if there's anything that they can start thinking about now, to design trial that will better differentiate drugs maybe in the future or the drugs that are currently in late-stage testing?
George Scangos: All right, Gene. We're writing down your one question, and we've got three bullet points. Let me start with first one on the 9,000, the patients that have been tested in Unilabs. We actually don't have the data. We suspected though -- nevertheless, we suspect it's very consistent with the STRATIFY 1 results. So that's been our working assumption, particularly as it moves to kind of the broad population. Doug, you want to try the hemophilia question?
Douglas Williams: Yes, I got the hemophilia...
George Scangos: And then we'll go to Al on the
Douglas Williams: Yes, I think, with the 30% to 40% reduction in the number of infusions, what we believe is that's consistent with the market research that we've generated to suggest that patients are going to embrace this improvement and be willing to switch. I think that -- to put it into perspective, from a patient position, 50 to 80 fewer infusions. If you think about that in the context of particularly pediatric patients on prophylaxis, it's really a significant reduction in the burden in terms of infusions that they have to take. Also from a practical perspective, a lot of this pediatric patients have central lines, so it reduces the numbers of interventions and lowers the infection risk as a result of, essentially, accessing those central lines. So we think, there's a lot of ammunition here to persuade physicians and persuade patients to move to Factor VIII, the long-acting Factor VIII that we're bringing forward. So we're actually quite pleased with the reaction we've seen so far.
George Scangos: And in terms of endpoints for MS trials, the annualized relapse rate is certainly an approvable endpoint. We have to use the endpoints that the regulatory authorities require for pivotal registrational trials, and there's really only 2 that have been approved: annualize relapse rate and disability progression, which leads me to the point that disability progression is another key endpoint. We've always believed in it as an important endpoint. In fact, AVONEX was the first drug to use the EDSS as a primary endpoint. And all of our drugs have been tested on that endpoint, and all of our drugs are effective on that point, both AVONEX and TYSABRI. And as we announced in the first BG-12 trial, disability progression was also statistically significant compared to placebo. So I think EDSS is going to be increasingly important, and disability progression will be noticed. I do think that looking forward, we're going to be looking at novel endpoints such as improvement and function, and for example, we have a program in early stages Anti-LINGO which will probably not affect relapse rate because it doesn't affect inflammation in the brain. But our -- it promises to repair the brain, and if it does do that, we'll be looking at sustained improvement in disability, which will be a completely novel endpoint. And with, of course, highly differentiate Anti-LINGO and drugs like it from all the other drugs that are out there now.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Josh Schimmer from Leerink Swann.
Joshua Schimmer - Leerink Swann LLC: I just wanted to come back to Geoff's question about TYSABRI drivers of growth. If I just divide reported revenue by patient utilization numbers, it looks like there was a sharp bump in average revenue per patient quarter-over-quarter. Was that all due to a drop in the drug holidays? Or were there other drivers of that, price increases, inventory? And is that a trend that you also expect to continue going forward in terms of the average revenue per patient reported?
Paul Clancy: Josh, this is Paul. I think that when I think about it, and I'm not sure of the model you're using. But when I think about it, the foreign exchange had played a year-over-year favorability, slight less on a quarter-over-quarter basis. Pricing increases in the United States is to be mindful of, and certainly as you've just noted, we did in the second quarter see this improvement from the U.S. data, it may apply also x U.S., with respect to compliance rate. And our best understanding, interpolation of that data is exactly what Francesco had alluded to was this trends that we had seen late 2009 going into 2010 with respect to alternative drug dosing, drug holidays, treatment interruptions has slowed down quite a bit and actually is moderating and abating with it.
Operator: Your last question comes from the line up Matt Roden from UBS.
Matthew Roden - UBS Investment Bank: So I just want to peel back the TYSABRI layer one more, one more layer here. And that is, what we're seeing in terms of our checks is that, if a patient is -- turns up JC Virus positive that there's not an immediate link to discontinuation. So I was wondering if you could, firstly, tell us what you're seeing in the real world in terms of what happens to an existing TYSABRI patient when they test positive in the assay. And then secondly you mentioned an increase in gross adds who are naive, I wonder if you could tell us what percentage of gross adds are JC Virus positive, particularly in the naive population.
Francesco Granata: For the last part of the question, it's too early to give you data about that. We'll further analyze. I reported that because we have seen this upward trend in naive patients. And as far as the discontinuation are concerned, please consider that there are several factors that drive discontinuation in the virus-positive patients, the anti-JCV status positive, the duration of treatment and the prior exposure to immunosuppressants. As for today, we don't have very, very clear numbers. But we see that only 10% of the virus-positive patients fall into this category. And what we see is that the discontinuation, now that the JC Virus assay is available, trends towards this percentage.
Kia Khaleghpour: That was our last question. Thank you for your participation in today's call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2011 Q1  (2011-04-21 07:00:00) =====
Executives: Francesco Granata - Executive Vice President of Global Commercial Operations Alfred Sandrock -  Douglas Williams -  George Scangos - Chief Executive Officer and Director Paul Clancy - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President of Finance Kia Khaleghpour - Associate Director of Investor Relations
Analysts: Gene Mack - Mizuho Securities USA Inc. Navdeep Singh - Deutsche Bank AG Joel Sendek - Lazard Capital Markets LLC Jim Birchenough - Barclays Capital Michael Ulz - JP Morgan Chase & Co Ravi Mehrotra - Crdit Suisse AG Geoffrey Porges - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., Inc. Thomas Wei - Jefferies & Company, Inc. Yaron Werber - Citigroup Inc Michael Yee - RBC Capital Markets, LLC Mark Schoenebaum - ISI Group Inc. Eric Schmidt - Cowen and Company, LLC Matthew Roden - UBS Investment Bank Rachel McMinn - BofA Merrill Lynch
Operator: Good morning. My name is Regina, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Biogen Idec First Quarter 2011 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. I would now like to turn the conference over to Ms Kia Khaleghpour. Ma'am, you may begin the conference.
Kia Khaleghpour: Thank you, Regina. Welcome to Biogen Idec's First Quarter 2011 Earnings Conference Call. I want to thank all the participants on the line for joining us at this early hour. While the timing isn't perfect, it is intended to accommodate the active agenda across the biotech sector. Before we begin, I encourage everyone to go to the Investors section of biogenidec.com to find the press release and related financial tables, including a reconciliation of the non-GAAP financial measures that we'll discuss today. We have also posted slides on our website that follow the discussions related to today's call. As usual, we'll start with the Safe Harbor statement. Comments made in this conference call include forward-looking statements that are subject to risks and uncertainties. Words such as believe, expects, may, plan, will and similar expressions are intended to identify such statements. Actual results could differ materially from our expectations, and you should carefully review the risks and uncertainties that are described in our earnings slides, earnings release and in the Risk Factors section of our most recent annual and quarterly reports filed with the SEC. We do not undertake any obligation to publicly update any forward-looking statements. Today on the call, I'm joined by Dr. George Scangos, Chief Executive Officer of Biogen Idec; Dr. Doug Williams, Executive Vice President of Research and Development; Dr. Al Sandrock, Senior Vice President of Development; Dr. Francesco Granata, Executive Vice President of Global Commercial Operations; and Paul Clancy, Executive Vice President of Finance and Chief Financial Officer. Now I'll turn the call over to George.
George Scangos: Okay, thanks, Kia. And thanks to all of you for joining us this morning. We're off to a great start for 2011, and I'd like to begin today's call by taking a moment to recap some of the first quarter accomplishments and results. I'm particularly pleased with 3 areas where we continue to perform well. First, our current business is solid. As you'll hear in a few minutes, our products continue to do well, and our financial performance is strong. We're continuing our transformation into a lean, aggressive, focused organization. And as far as our R&D, I think the reinvigoration of R&D is underway. And that's evidenced by achieving a number of accomplishments this quarter. So let me start with some of the R&D accomplishments. So last week, as you know, we were pleased to announce top line results from the DEFINE study. That's the first of 2 registrational trials for BG-12, our investigational oral compound for relapsing-remitting MS [multiple sclerosis]. There's been a lot of positive reaction to the results and the prospect of a potential new treatment option for people with MS. Since that announcement, we've received a lot of inquiries around 3 topics: First, the magnitude of the DEFINE clinical results; second, our economic commitments for BG-12; and third, the intellectual property protection for BG-12. So accordingly, I'd like to take the opportunity of the call here to provide some additional color in all of these areas. So let me start with the data from DEFINE. The results for the BID and TID doses were generally similar and were all statistically significant versus placebo. Therefore for simplicity, today, I'm only going to discuss the BID results now for both the primary and secondary endpoints. And I'm going to read this slowly so that they have a chance to sink in. For the primary endpoint, which was the reduction of the proportion of patients who relapsed at two years, the BID dose showed a decline of 49% versus placebo. The reduction in annualized relapse rate of the BID dose versus placebo was 53%. The reduction in the progression of disability as measured by EDSS [Expanded Disability Status Scale] was 38%. For the MRI measures, the reduction in the number of new or newly enlarging T2 hyperintense lesions was 85% and the reduction of galodinium (sic) [gadolinium] enhancing lesions was 90%. These are top line results, and we don't yet have detailed safety information. But I can say that the initial data from the trial also showed that BG-12 demonstrated a favorable safety and tolerability profile consistent with what we've seen in the published Phase II study of BG-12. We're obviously very excited about these results, and we're looking forward to further analysis of the data from this study as well as the readout from our second Phase III trial, CONFIRMED, in the second half of the year. As to the economic obligation for BG-12, we acquired the compound and Fumaderm in connection with our acquisition of Fumapharm AG in 2006. As part of this acquisition, we agreed to make an additional payment of $15 million upon the achievement of regulatory approval for BG-12 in MS in the EU or the U.S. We also agreed to make additional payments when the cumulative net sales of Fumapharm products reached $500 million, $1 billion and then each $1 billion increment thereafter up to $20 billion. A detailed explanation of the payment schedule is provided in the appendix of the slides for this call. We've also gotten many questions about the intellectual property for BG-12. And so there are issued patents in both the U.S. and the EU that are relevant to BG-12. In the U.S., we're entitled to the five-year data exclusivity given to new chemical entities, and we own a patent covering the administration of dimethyl fumarate, or DMF, an active ingredient in BG-12, to treat MS and other autoimmune diseases. This patent expires in 2020, with a possible term extension to be determined.  In the EU, we have a patent covering our BG-12 formulation and the method of treating MS and other autoimmune diseases with the formulation that expires in 2019 and which may also be eligible for patent term extension in some countries. There's some uncertainty around achieving data protection in the EU. Specifically, we believe we're entitled to 8 years of data exclusivity and 2 years of market exclusivity because we believe BG-12 is a new active substance under EU law. However, the CHMP [Committee for Medicinal Products for Human Use] has recently taken a position that a single active substance may not qualify for a new active substance status if it was one component of a previously approved multi-component product. Other companies have challenged this position in litigation that's still ongoing.  Fumaderm is approved for psoriasis in Germany and contains DMF, the active ingredient in BG-12, as well as additional monoethyl fumarate cells. We're closely watching this evolving landscape and we'll continue to address this issue. We believe we will be entitled to data exclusivity, and we'll aggressively make this point as we move the compound forward. Lastly, at the end of last week, the FDA notified us that they've rescinded the fast-track designation for BG-12. This is not unexpected since there now is an oral treatment available. And I can say that if the CONFIRM data are similar to the DEFINE data, we'll certainly seek priority review upon NDA [Drug Application] filing. Let me now turn to TYSABRI. As you know, we filed amendments with the EU and the U.S. to include anti-JC virus antibody status as a third factor to help stratify the risk of PML [progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy] along with prior immunosuppressant therapy and duration of treatment, which are already in the label. And I'm happy to say that as we announced earlier this week, the CHMP recommended adding information about JC virus antibody status to the label in EU. The combination of the test, which is now available in the EU, and the inclusion of the antibody status on the label are very positive steps that will provide the tools that physicians and patients need to choose an appropriate MS therapy. We believe that these tools will allow the potential of TYSABRI to be unlocked and may lead to many more patients being able to have access to the benefits of TYSABRI with the risk that they'll be able to define and understand. Concurrently, the CHMP also adopted a positive opinion for the 5-year renewal of the marketing authorization for TYSABRI. The FDA decision on our sBLA [supplemental Biologics License Application] filing for the inclusion of the anti-JC virus antibody status to the U.S. label continues to be expected in the second half of the year. Earlier last week, the FDA did approve additional data to be included in the U.S. TYSABRI prescribing information, outlining post-marketing incidence rate of PML by treatment duration. Importantly, the estimated incidence of PML for 1,000 patients for up to 24 infusions is now stated as 0.3; for 25 to 36 infusions, as 1.5; and for 37 to 48 infusions, as 0.9. There were a number of other very positive events in our R&D programs recently, and Doug Williams will cover those in more detail in a few minutes. And I want to briefly now turn to our financial performance. Basically, our current business is very strong. We have 3 blockbuster products that are performing well despite the competitive landscape. We have good cash flow, and we finished the quarter with an overall strong financial performance. Overall revenues grew by 9% this quarter over Q1 2010 while product revenues grew by 10%. And our non-GAAP diluted EPS was $1.43, up 32% versus Q1 2010. In summary, Q1 was a great kickoff to 2011 and finds Biogen Idec a leaner, more aggressive and more efficient organization that's focused on the highest payoff activities. Our R&D organization is reenergized and well underway to capitalize on some very promising opportunities. And our commercial organization is firing on all cylinders. I will now hand the call over to Doug Williams, our R&D head, who will update us on the R&D pipeline and the changes he's made to the R&D organization. Doug?
Douglas Williams: Thanks, George. This is a very exciting time at Biogen Idec, and it's a privilege to be part of a tremendous R&D team. Biogen Idec has great science and technology and a team of individuals committed to making the company the leading biotech enterprise in the industry. That's not to say there isn't work to be done to improve our productivity, but I believe that we have a solid base from which to build a world-class R&D capability. As George mentioned, last week, we announced positive top line data results from DEFINE, the first Phase III study of BG-12 in relapsing MS. I'd like Dr. Al Sandrock to share with you some of the rationale for the design of the study. Al's done a tremendous job of leading this program, along with our talented internal team of dedicated neurologists and scientists. And with that, I'll pass the call off to Al.
Alfred Sandrock: Thank you, Doug. It certainly does feel great to share with our shareholders the progress we've made with our oral MS program, BG-12. It really was a team effort, a dedicated team of scientists, neurologists, clinical operations people, statisticians and many others that have contributed to this moment. As you recall, the DEFINE study was a 2-year, randomized, double-blind, multi-centered, placebo-controlled dose comparison study in over 1,200 relapsing-remitting MS patients. As George mentioned, both doses met the primary and all secondary endpoints with statistical significance compared to placebo. In the DEFINE trial, 2 endpoints assessing relapses were included, the proportion of relapsing patients at 2 years as the primary endpoint and annualized relapse rate as the secondary endpoint. The second Phase III study of BG-12, CONFIRM, is also a 2-year, placebo-controlled dose comparison study, which includes glatiramer acetate as a reference comparator arm. CONFIRM's primary endpoint is reduction of relapses at 2 years. Through the study endpoints for both DEFINE and CONFIRM, we will have a full spectrum of information regarding the effect BG-12 has on relapses. In addition, both trials were designed to measure the effects of BG-12 on EDSS, an extremely important endpoint for disability progression. Top line data release for CONFIRM continues to be expected in the second half of 2011, and we look forward to presenting more details from the DEFINE study in an upcoming medical meeting later this year.  BG-12 is the only compound currently in clinical trials for the treatment of MS that has been shown to activate the Nrf2 transcriptional pathway, a central mechanism of cellular defense against oxidative and metabolic stress. This pathway has shown anti-inflammatory properties in clinical trials and, experimentally, has demonstrated no protective effects. By increasing the activation of the Nrf2 pathway, BG-12 may prevent further cell damage and tissue loss in MS patients that can lead to symptoms of the disease. With that, I will pass the call back to Doug.
Douglas Williams: Thanks, Al. Let's move on to a discussion of the rest of our pipeline progress since our last earnings call. Last week, we shared important data on our neurology franchise at the American Academy of Neurology Annual Meeting where we demonstrated the strength and depth of our neurology pipeline with 55 company-sponsored platform and poster presentations. At AAN, we presented data on the efficacy of TYSABRI, where treated patients were more likely to have improved EDSS score over time versus a worsened score, lower annualized relapse rates and significant cognitive improvements in MS patients. AAN was also a great forum for us to present data on our TYSABRI risk stratification efforts. We discussed the role of prior immunosuppressant usage, TYSABRI treatment duration and anti-JCV antibody status in stratifying patients for their potential risk of PML. To date, based on an analysis of archived 3 PML samples from patients, 27 out of 27 TYSABRI-treated related PML cases have tested positive with the JCV antibody assay. We're committed to continuing to invest significant time and resources to evaluate additional risk factors for TYSABRI so that physicians and patients can make informed benefit-risk decisions. Earlier this quarter, we made important progress on our JCV antibody risk stratification efforts. We obtained a CE mark for the JCV antibody assay in Europe. In the U.S., we're planning to make the assay available as a laboratory-developed test, or LDT. We expect to have the commercial assay under the CE mark broadly available in Europe by May and in the U.S. through the LDT process within the coming months. Francesco will provide you with additional details.  During the first quarter, we also made progress on all of our registrational trials. We continue to make good progress on advancing and developing our clinical pipeline. Updates on our neurology pipeline include, initiation of patient enrollment in EMPOWER, the global Phase III study of dexpramipexole for treatment of ALS or Lou Gehrig's disease. We've agreed with the FDA on a special protocol assessment, or SPA, for the design of this trial. We believe that dex [dexpramipexole] has the potential to provide a significant advancement for the treatment of patients suffering from ALS. Dex is a novel oral compound that's shown neuroprotective properties in multiple experimental and preclinical studies. In a 2-part Phase II study, dex showed a dose-dependent trend towards slowing functional decline as measured by the ALS Functional Rating Scale across treatment groups over a 12-week period and a trend toward improving overall survival over a 6-month period. Given the nature of the disease and the limited treatment options available, there's a pressing need for novel and effective therapies. Currently, there's only 1 approved treatment available to patients with at most a modest clinical benefit. We expect to fully enroll this trial by year end, with top line data available in 2013. We expect to finish enrollment and advance the registrational study of PEGylated interferon by year end. With a 1-year treatment duration and annualized relapse rate as the primary endpoint, we expect top line data to be available in the first half of 2013. In the second half of this year, we expect to present top line data from SELECT, the first of two registrational trials for daclizumab. This drug targets the pathogenic activated T-cells in MS through a novel mechanism, and Phase II studies have shown solid efficacy and promising safety with the convenience of once-monthly subcutaneous dosing. We continue to work closely with the EMA [European Medicines Agency] during our appeal process for prolonged-release fampridine tablets to address their concerns with the goal of making this important medication available to MS patients in Europe. We'll update you when the procedure concludes. Additionally, we've withdrawn fampridine application from SwissMedic.  Finally, I'm pleased to say that we've received positive opinion from the CHMP and authorization from Health Canada for the AVONEX PEN. The PEN delivery will make for a better patient experience with AVONEX, one of the most trusted MS therapies available. The FDA required additional information in our filing, and we anticipate that the updated file will be approved in the first half of next year.  Moving on to our hemophilia programs. We continue to expect to complete enrollment in both B-LONG and A-LONG studies in 2011 and for data readout in 2012. Earlier this week, we also received FDA approval for RITUXAN in combination with corticosteroids as the new treatment for adults with Wegeners Granulomatosis and Microscopic Polyangiitis, 2 severe forms of vasculitis. While these are relatively small indications, the need is significant, and it reflects the commitment that we and our partner, Genentech, have for following the science and developing the drug for as broad a group of patients as possible. Along with substantial progress in our late-stage clinical programs, we've also taken steps to thoroughly evaluate our R&D organizational structure and our earlier-stage R&D portfolio and technology platforms. Our vision for the R&D organization is to make us the envy of the biotech industry in terms of pipeline depth and speed of advancement of our pipeline. Our performance over the last several years has not been at this level, and we took several steps in the last few weeks to restructure and create a solid base for future strengthening and growth. We've restructured our R&D group to more closely align resources with high-priority programs. Dr. Al Sandrock has been appointed as Senior Vice President of Development, with responsibly for clinical programs in neurology and immunology. This increased scope of responsibly for Al reflects a recognition of his accomplishments over the last several years and his skill as an architect of science-based development programs. As part of these reviews, we phased out several early-stage programs in immunology and neurology and reallocated people and resources to other higher-priority projects. These were difficult but necessary decisions that needed to be made. These decisions were not necessarily based on the quality of science but on an assessment of whether the programs had sufficient differentiation and likely timing of market introduction to be competitive. All of the remaining Phase I and II candidates are potentially transformational drugs addressing unmet medical needs in areas of strength for Biogen Idec.  We have 4 very exciting Phase I and II programs that we prioritize and can fully resource. These include the anti-LINGO program for remyelination in all forms of MS, TWEAK for lupus nephritis, the anti-CD40 Ligand antibody for general lupus and neublastin for neuropathic pain. We decided to advance neublastin after further review of that data. We recently filed the IND [Investigational New Drug Application] for our anti-beta-amyloid antibody, known as BART, for treating Alzheimer's disease. All of these candidates have significant potential to address unmet medical needs with a high degree of differentiation. These program decisions also create some capacity to bring in potentially transformational drugs and new technologies from external sources. We'll also apply the same rigorous criteria for pursuing emerging external opportunities that are in line with our strengths in neurology, immunology, as well as hemophilia and hematology.  Our current progress in the changes we implemented over the last 2 months created a solid basis to grow the portfolio and position the R&D organization to achieve our aim of being the premier R&D company in the industry. With that, I'll now pass the call to Dr. Francesco Granata, our Executive Vice President of Global Commercial Operations.
Francesco Granata: Thank you, Doug. And good morning everyone. As George mentioned at the start of the call, our commercial performance started the year with a very positive momentum. Global AVONEX and TYSABRI patient share and unit growth was positive. For quarter 1, we achieved 10% global sales growth and 10% unit growth versus Q1 2010. Both AVONEX and TYSABRI performed well. These are the result of a stronger and more focused global commercial infrastructure. Because we have added more resources where they were needed and eliminated unnecessary layers of management, we believe that our journey to success is both structured and sustainable. Starting with AVONEX. Our performance in the U.S. has continued to hold. We have now had 4 consecutive quarters of unit sales around the 166,000 to 170,000 range after several years of unit sales declines. And units has led quarter 1 2011 versus quarter 1 2010. For the first time in several years, despite the heavy competition in the market, I'm very pleased to report that AVONEX gained market share in the ABCRE market this quarter. Thanks to strong execution against the plans the commercial team began last year, we are making progress toward our near-term goal to put AVONEX back on a ABCRE market share growth trajectory. In the U.S., we further expanded the number of [indiscernible] in the field to increase share [indiscernible], focused the AVONEX and TYSABRI sales force to more efficient targeting and employed simple messaging focused on sustained disability impacts to maximize our efforts and address the evolving competitive landscape. In addition, the [indiscernible] that we put in place at the end of last year has now resulted in more awareness in key offices, increased conversion in prescription written to new patients starting therapy and improved patient compliance. We are also starting to see some improvement in the economic environment, which are allowing patients to move out of the free drug programs.  Outside the U.S., we are also seeing a very fast payback on our commercial structure investment. Where AVONEX unit demand grew by 14% as we held and started to improve share and the overall market continued to expand. In addition, our geographic expansion is paying off as we see quarterly revenue growth in the Asia-Pacific region of 31%. In Japan, market share is now in excess of 35%. And this is a milestone for the company, showing solid evidence that we could set up both a profitable and competitive business in Japan and set the stage for our future pipeline. Still the good news about AVONEX expanding the European Union and Canada, the commercial team is ready for a successful execution of the new offering to the market. This is a very important evolution for patients who are treating their MS with AVONEX. Data show that AVONEX PEN reduces injection pain and injection anxiety compared to manual injection. Through this new, convenient administration, AVONEX PEN has the possibility of improving patient independence and may even improve adherence.  Moving on TYSABRI performance. Quarter 1, 2011 worldwide in market, TYSABRI revenue was $349 million, an increase of 20% versus Q1 2010. And TYSABRI units increased 15% over Q1 2010 as well. We ended the quarter with 58,400 patients, an increase of 1,800 patients or 3% over Q4 2010. And we continued to gain market share despite more competition in the MS marketplace. Worldwide, net patient addition averaged 138 per week, up from 131 in quarter 4 2010. In the U.S., while we see moderating growth for new patients, we see increases in both new TOUCH forms submitted and patients graduated onto therapy this quarter versus the previous quarter, showing that demand of TYSABRI is strong. While STRATIFY 2 has impacted a number of patient discontinuation, it has had less impact than might have been expected given that more than half of the MS population will be expected to be JCV positive. There are now more than 20,000 patients who have been accrued into those certified trial. In those certified trial in the U.S. will suggest a tremendous amount of interest on the part of patients and physicians for more individualized care to this stratification. Outside the U.S., the number of weekly net patient was strong this quarter. TYSABRI patients outside the U.S. grew by 6% and unit grew by 6% sequentially. In our emerging markets, TYSABRI also continues to grow. The launch of TYSABRI in India continues to grow as planned, and we achieved  an appropriate price in Brazil and Argentina, allowing for a 2-scale launch in these countries. As Doug mentioned, in the EU, the JCV commercial assay became available on a limited basis starting in March of this year through a partner lab. We have been working with a limited number of MS centers [indiscernible] to ensure the logistic of sample collection and delivery of assay result in working -- as a result is working smoothly. So far, the process has gone well. We expect broad availability of the commercial assay in the U.S., in the European Union sometime next month.  In the U.S., we are also finalizing plans to make the assay available to key diagnostic and reimbursement channels and expect broad commercial availability in the coming months. Our goal is to ensure that there are no barriers for patients and physicians to have access to the risks stratification tool they need to make an informed treatment decision. AVONEX and TYSABRI continue to hold their own even with competition from others. The overall market has modestly grown as a result of new entry and we expect orders to gain market share and meet the needs of a segment of the marketplace. However, we believe that there is clearly room for both AVONEX and TYSABRI to continue to perform well and the safety and efficacy of both AVONEX and TYSABRI continue to make them a compelling option for patients. Strong, focused plan, along with strong local execution by the commercial teams around the world are paying off. And we've set the stage for a sustainable positive performance throughout the year. With that, I will now turn the call over to Paul Clancy, our Chief Financial Officer.
Paul Clancy: Thanks, Francesco. I'll start with our GAAP financials, which are provided in Tables 1 and 2 of the earnings release. Table 3 includes the reconciliation of the GAAP to non-GAAP results. The primary differences between our GAAP and non-GAAP results for the first quarter were $53 million related to the amortization of acquired intangibles and $17 million related to our restructuring. These were offset by $19 million of tax impact on these items. Our GAAP diluted earnings per share was $1.20 in the first quarter.  Now I'll move on to the non-GAAP P&L, which we believe better represents the ongoing economics of the business and reflects how we manage the business internally. Our non-GAAP diluted EPS was $1.43 for Q1, a 32% increase versus prior year. Total revenue grew 9% to $1.2 billion. Q1 AVONEX worldwide product revenue was strong, growing 8% to $642 million. In the U.S. where AVONEX grew 11% to $387 million, inventory in the channel ended at just over two weeks, down from last quarter, which offset a slight favorable comparison with respect to shipping days. Internationally, AVONEX product revenue was $255 million, which was a 5% increase over Q1 2011 and benefited from some tender market sales in Russia. International AVONEX revenue includes a $7 million hedged loss in Q1.  As Francesco noted, TYSABRI worldwide in-market sales were $349 million in the first quarter, growing 20%. For Biogen Idec, we recorded TYSABRI product sales of $251 million in Q1, 15% increase over Q1 2010. In the U.S., Q1 TYSABRI product revenue to Biogen Idec grew 21% to $73 million. Q1 international TYSABRI product revenue was $178 million, a 13% increase over prior year. The current quarter included a $1 million loss from hedging. Now moving on to the RITUXAN collaboration revenues. First, our share of the U.S. RITUXAN profits. U.S. RITUXAN sales were $722 million in the first quarter, up 5% versus prior year. Our profit share from that business was $222 million, up 11%. The profitability of the collaboration has been enhanced by the sales and marketing restructuring in late 2010. Second, we received revenue on sales of RITUXAN outside the U.S. and in Q1, this was $32 million, down 18% as royalties from individual countries have expired. And third, in the first quarter, Biogen Idec was reimbursed $3 million for selling and development costs incurred related to RITUXAN. The result was $256 million of revenue from unconsolidated joint business for Q1, essentially flat with prior year. Royalties were $26 million for the first quarter, a sequential quarter decline as we returned to a lower royalty tier from ANGIOMAX sales. We recorded $15 million of corporate partner revenue in the quarter, $11 million of this amount was due to a onetime cash payment received related to 2 discontinued oncology programs in connection with our restructuring initiatives.  Now turning to the expense line from the non-GAAP P&L. Q1 cost of goods sold were $103 million or 9% of revenues. Q1 R&D expense was $292 million or 24% of revenues. Q1 SG&A expense was $243 million, 20% of revenues, a reduction from our recent run rate as we're not incurring any meaningful expenses in this line related to the RITUXAN sales and marketing efforts. Continuing down the P&L, our collaboration profit sharing line totaled $74 million in expense for the quarter. Other income and expense was a gain of $10 million in Q1. This includes a onetime $14 million gain on the liquidation of an investment which we viewed as no longer strategic. Our Q1 non-GAAP tax rate was approximately 27%, which is higher than previous quarters as our profit mix has shifted slightly more to the U.S. coming out of the restructuring last year. Let me also call attention to the noncontrolling interest line in the P&L. In Q1, we incurred a $10 million charge in NCI related to the ALS program Doug spoke of. Specifically, it amounted to $10 million for the successful initiation of the Phase III trial for dexpramipexole. In the first quarter our weighted average diluted shares were 245 million. During Q1, we repurchased 2.8 million shares for a total cost of $195 million. This was offset, however, by shares issued for equity-based compensation. We ended the quarter with approximately $2.1 billion in cash and marketable securities, split approximately 60:40 between U.S. and outside the U.S. This brings us to our non-GAAP diluted earnings per share, which were $1.43 in Q1, representing a 32% increase over prior year.  We're maintaining our previously communicated guidance for full year 2011, which envisions the financial plan designed to capture the economic savings from the 2010 restructuring, optimize the performance of the core brands and invest behind a more focused pipeline, all to drive double-digit earnings per share growth in 2011.  Let me highlight a couple of financial modeling dynamics for the balance of the year. Over the last number of years, we've been capitalizing interest expense as a result of the continued build-out of our large-scale manufacturing plant in Denmark. It is likely in the near term we will look to mothball that plant if we determine that we don't need this capacity. The accounting impact of that decision will be to incur additional interest expense each quarter. Additionally, we will incur a $15 million expense due to the initiation of IND on the BART program in the second quarter. This will be payable to Neurimmune and charged to the NCI line on the P&L. Now I'll hand the call over to George for his closing comments.
George Scangos: Thanks, Paul. This was quite a quarter. We've had good commercial results including increasing share for AVONEX in the ABCRE market for the first time in years and an increase in market share overall for TYSABRI, both of which led to a solid financial performance. We had very positive data for BG-12. We had a recommendation by the CHMP for an inclusion of JC virus antibody status as a risk factor for PML in the TYSABRI label in the EU. We had a positive CHMP opinion for the AVONEX PEN in the EU and marketing authorization from Health Canada. We had FDA approval for RITUXAN in Wegeners Granulomatosis and Microscopic Polyangiitis, 2 severe forms of vasculitis. We dosed the first patient in the Phase III trial of dexpramipexole for ALS. And we continued our focus and our thoughtful resource allocation. All of that gives us a great start for 2011, and we're looking forward to a continued great year. Let me just conclude by saying that these results are the result of a lot of hard work and dedication and talent of a lot of employees here at Biogen Idec. And I just want to acknowledge the contributions that those employees have made and thank them for everything they've done for the company. So with that, we'll close the call and open -- we'll close our remarks and open up the call for questions.
Kia Khaleghpour: Thanks, George. Operator, we're ready to open the call for Q&A. [Operator Instructions] Operator, we're ready for your first question.
Operator: Our first question comes from the line of Geoff Porges with Bernstein.
Geoffrey Porges - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., Inc.: Thanks guys for taking the questions. First of all, congratulations on the BG-12 data. That's very helpful. Just a quick question on TYSABRI. Could you tell us what proportion of patients on TYSABRI in the U.S. and Europe have already been tested for the JC virus? And then secondly, particularly in Europe, in those centers, what proportion of the new patient starts are coming from tested patients? Thanks.
Paul Clancy: Jeff, this is Paul. In quarters past, we're actually trying to keep the integrity of STRATIFY 2 trial in place. So we're actually not trying to disclose a lot of information on that. What I will tell everybody is STRATIFY 2 has had tremendous amount of interest. Obviously, between STRATIFY 1 and STRATIFY 2, we're at 20,000 patients enrolled, all of those in the United States. STRATIFY 1 is essentially 1,000, the balance of 19,000 is STRATIFY 2. So I mean, I think you can kind of get a sense for what is happening in the U.S. dynamics by that and put it against approximately the high 20,000 patients with respect to the number of patients inside the United States. Outside the United States, efforts are underway with respect to the gems [ph] but that is relatively small.
Geoffrey Porges - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., Inc.: Thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Eric Schmidt with Cowen.
Eric Schmidt - Cowen and Company, LLC: My congratulations also on BG-12 data. I was hoping you could address tolerability, specifically the dropout rate in Phase III and the compliance in label expansion defined? And then also, in the past, you kind of positioned this as an add-on to therapy. How are you now thinking about the role of BG-12 in the MS treatment paradigm?
Paul Clancy: Hi Eric, thanks for the question. We -- just turn to the Phase II data that's been published in Lancet. And as George noted, the results in Phase III are pretty comparable to what we saw in Phase II in terms of adverse events. And in the Phase II trial, roughly 10% of people discontinued due to adverse events, and they were flushing and upper GI-type symptoms. What we saw the Phase III trial is pretty comparable to what people are seeing nowadays in terms of dropout rates in Phase III trials. And I forgot the second part of your question.
George Scangos: The combination.
Paul Clancy: The combination. Yes. Well, the combination study continues. It's good to have options. I think at this point, we're going to wait for the CONFIRM trial and evaluate all the different things we could do at that point with BG-12.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Mark Schoenebaum with ISI Group.
Mark Schoenebaum - ISI Group Inc.: First, I'd just like to say, Al, congratulations on this. I remember when you guys bought Fumapharm many years ago, people didn't believe in this in drug, and I was one of those. So congratulations.
Alfred Sandrock: Thank you, Mark.
George Scangos: Well, good to notice Al. We all do as well.
Mark Schoenebaum - ISI Group Inc.: Yes, I mean, that was a good call. I was wondering on the data, is there any way you can give us the actual numbers for ARR? That's Part A. Part B is maybe, Al, could you give some context about how these top line data that you reported today compare to other drugs on the market today? And also the data that you saw at AAN on Laquinimod. And then Part C is if BID worked as well as TID -- given all the data I've seen, there wasn't a lot of support for BID. Why wouldn't you try and cueday [ph]? Why don't you test the cueday [ph] at some point?
Alfred Sandrock: Wow, those were a lot of questions.
Mark Schoenebaum - ISI Group Inc.: But it was all a part of 1 question.
Alfred Sandrock: So the treatment effect, the reduction in annualized relapse rate compared to placebo was 53% with the BID dose of BG-12. And you're probably asking what the absolute annualized relapse rates are. I don't want to -- I mean, we're going to talk about this at a future meeting. I can tell you that when you see the results, they're pretty comparable with current sort of contemporaneous clinical trials in MS. So there are going to be no surprises there. In terms of comparison to other drugs, I hesitate to do that. There are no sort of head-to-head data. I told you what our relapse rate effect was compared with placebo, and you know what they are with the other drugs. So that's one common endpoint that you can use, perhaps, to get an idea. In terms of Laquinimod, the Phase III trial Laquinimod was positive on the primary endpoint. It was a fairly large study. And it showed statistically significant benefits using the primary endpoint, and I'm not going to say too much more about that. I think the trial was positive. In terms of cueday [ph], we did test cueday [ph] of BG-12 in the Phase II program. 120 milligrams once a day was less effective than the other two doses tested in the Phase II trial. And it was published in Lancet in 2009.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Rachel McMinn with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Rachel McMinn - BofA Merrill Lynch: Yes, thanks very much. I wanted to I guess clarify one thing on the primary endpoint and then also ask you a question regarding the next trial of BG-12. On the primary endpoint, when you say at 49% reduction versus placebo, is that an absolute or a relative number? And then on the BG-12 versus Copaxone study, I understand its a non-inferiority study, but just curious what percent difference you would need to see in order for the study to be superior? Thanks.
Alfred Sandrock: Well, so 2 questions. The primary endpoint was the proportion of patients who were relapsing. And it is relative to placebo. The 49% number that George gave you is relative to placebo. In terms of the -- what was the second question again?
George Scangos: The next trial.
Alfred Sandrock: The next trial.
George Scangos: Non-inferiority versus...
Alfred Sandrock: Yes, the CONFIRM study, you mean. I think that the study was powered -- that arm was basically a power to give an idea about how similar the effects might be. It was not powered for non-inferiority or for superiority. And given the new data that we have, I'll have to go back and see what the power is to show superiority. I haven't done that calculation yet.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Robyn Karnauskas with Deutsche Bank.
Navdeep Singh - Deutsche Bank AG: It's Navdeep Singh in for Robyn. Congrats on the BG-12 data. Just a quick follow-up to maybe Mark's question. Anyway you can put the safety in terms of other drugs, in particular, maybe Laquinamod and Gilenya?
Douglas Williams: Let me give Al a break here. Maybe I can just jump in here. Laquinamod top line data, all we can tell you is the top line safety data, which is all that we have, actually, so far, and is consistent with what we saw in the Phase II trial. That's a published study in Lancet as Al said. So you can go back and look at that study. And there's nothing that jumps out looking at the top line data that makes this any different. We haven't -- these are recent data and we haven't fully analyzed everything yet, and so when we do, we'll publish that. But things look just like the Phase II so far.
George Scangos: It's important to say there's no safety signals in the data that we've analyzed thus far. We're still analyzing. And so far we're consistent with Phase II.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Gene Mack with Mizuho Security.
Gene Mack - Mizuho Securities USA Inc.: Thanks for taking the questions. Can you give us a sense of what the absolute reduction in relapses was, a? And then b, give us an update on what youre thinking about in terms of the filing timeline for BG-12? Thanks.
Douglas Williams: Yes, as Al said, we are going to present the full data set at an upcoming meeting. Say terms of what the placebo rate was and what the treated arms were, we're going to reserve that for the meeting. You have the relative placebos. And the numbers we have, as Al said, are consistent with other recent trials that we've seen. So there won't be any big surprises there. In terms of filing date -- everybody seems to get in 2 questions in 1, good job. The filing date, we have the second trial to read out later this year. And of course, once we get that trial, assuming the data are consistent with what we are seeing now, we will file as quickly as possible, and we anticipate filing early next year.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Ravi Merogi (sic) [Mehrotra] with Crdit Suisse.
Ravi Mehrotra - Crdit Suisse AG: Thanks for taking my question. A question for Al. It looks like BG-12 has got a very interesting neuroprotective and atrophy profile. Could you remind us what basis that you have right now on what you could get going forwards? And more importantly, how you could leverage these into a label and commercially? Thank you.
Alfred Sandrock: Well, most of the data on neuroprotection comes from the animal experiment and in vitro experiments where we've demonstrated that you do see an activation of the Nrf2 pathway. And since that's a transcription factor in many of the genes that are regulated by Nrf2, we can see an increase in gene expression. When we're treating animals, we see anti-inflammatory effects. We also see protection of axon, as well as myelin from damage. And so we do believe that the drug does have very interesting neuroprotective properties, as well as anti-inflammatory properties. And we believe much of that emanates from the Nrf2 pathway activation.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Thomas Wei with Jefferies.
Thomas Wei - Jefferies & Company, Inc.: Thanks. I'll squeeze in 2 on BG-12. You didn't mention about brain atrophy, which one of your competitors has made a really big deal about. Should we assume that maybe that data isn't as strong for BG-12? And then also, can you just tell us whether or not the relapse rate reduction that you've seen here is consistent between the Indian and the non-Indian sites in the study? Thanks.
Alfred Sandrock: Well, our attention really was to just sort of stick to the top line results. We showed all the secondary endpoint results. Brain atrophy is one of the exploratory endpoints, one of many exploratory endpoints. We'll get to those next, and I would love to tell you about it. I would not assume that just because we didn't talk about it that the results aren't favorable. And in terms of looking at regional effects, we haven't -- that's a few steps down the line in terms of our analysis plan.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Mike Yee with RBC Capital Markets.
Michael Yee - RBC Capital Markets, LLC: Great, thanks. I offer my congratulations as well. With regards the BG-12, at least in Phase II, can you remind us how severe the flushing and GI is? Is it minor? More like irritation? Grade 1, 2? And then how does that change going into month 2? And is there any way to titrate BG-12 to reduce the tolerability? Could docs do that in the real world? Thanks.
Alfred Sandrock: Well, in terms of how minor they are, I mean, the vast majority of patients continue to take the drug even with these side effects. And in a way, these adverse events [indiscernible] for us. So they kind of go away on their own. And in fact, if you look at -- if you compare the incidence of these events between Phase I first month and the second month, you will already see quite a big reduction in the second month. And so -- and that was reported in the Phase II trial, and I can tell you so far, with our analysis of the Phase III program, we see something very similar.
Michael Yee - RBC Capital Markets, LLC: And the titration?
Alfred Sandrock: Not sure we need to do that. I mean, in a way, the titration is sort of done by taking the drug and the events kind of spontaneously diminish with time.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Yaron Weber with Citi.
Yaron Werber - Citigroup Inc: Actually, I want to sneak in 2 really quick questions. 1, any thoughts on formulation? Is there any way you can reduce the pill count maybe by coming up with a bigger tab or something like that? And then second, any thoughts about amending the combination study to go to BID from TID?
Alfred Sandrock: Well, we have no thoughts of amending the ongoing study. And George, do you want to handle the formulation?
George Scangos: Yes. Obviously, we're working on formulation and we do that all the time. We're very happy that the BID dose is very positive here. I think that was the key issue for us. And of course, we'll keep looking on the formulation as we go forward. And we have some interesting data. But we'll talk about that when we're ready.
Alfred Sandrock: The main intention of the combination study is to examine safety and tolerability. And in fact, that's the primary endpoint. And when you do that, it's always good to sort of look at the highest dose because if anything, when you go to a lower dose, that should improve. So since the main intention of safety and tolerability was just a quick look at efficacy by MRI, I think it makes sense to continue the trial as planned.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Geoff Meacham with JPMorgan.
Michael Ulz - JP Morgan Chase & Co: It's actually Mike in for Geoff. Thanks for taking the question. Just quick question for you on TYSABRI and discontinuation rates and kind of what you saw this quarter? And maybe you can put that in context to what you saw last quarter and sort of how you think about it going forward? Thanks.
Francesco Granata: Well, we have seen in the U.S., a increase in the discontinuation rate. We think that they are mainly driven by the fact that STRATIFY 2 physician get access to the JC virus status, and this has been driven more by the JC virus positive patients rather than as an external factor. We are seeing, however, in the last part of the quarter, some improvement in net patient adds, which together with the increasing TOUCH, a very solid TOUCH form and graduation, justify the continuing interest of the physician putting patients on therapy and also justify the fact that we've probably reached the point to STRATIFY 2 in which discontinuation has gone to stabilization.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Matt Roden with UBS.
Matthew Roden - UBS Investment Bank: Great. Thanks for taking the question. I want to add my congratulations on BG-12. The data are really impressive. The question was actually on hemophilia. What's your guys view on requirements for U.S. filing? Is there any chance or what are your expectations around potential synchronization of European filing guidelines with the U.S.?
George Scangos: I think based on the current guidance information from the EU, certainly, the pediatric study is a requirement for filing. We're making that assumption and planning for it. We're looking at ways to accelerate the initiation of the pediatric study to sync off, if you will, with the adult study so that we can file that as timely as possible in the EU. That's not a requirement in the U.S., so we will file on the basis of the adult data in the U.S. and conduct the pediatric studies once we're completed with that. That's sort of standard procedure. So that's the process going forward. We're still on target for accruing all of the patients in 2011 and being able to have a first look at data in 2012 and filing quickly thereafter as we can.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Jim Birchenough with Barclays Capital.
Jim Birchenough - Barclays Capital: Let me add my congratulations. Just another question on TYSABRI. In terms of thinking about what's happened in the U.S. with the reduction in new patient starts, do you expect the same dynamic in Europe initially upon launch of the JC virus assay? And also just wondering if you can quantify the opportunity for outflows versus inflows. We've got about 20,000 patients that are going to hit the 2-year mark over the next 12 months that could be candidates for outflows. I'm wondering if you can contrast that with how many new patients should come in that could benefit from the JC virus negative status? Thanks.
George Scangos: Yes. Let me correct one part of your statement, which is that we have not had a reduction in TYSABRI starts. We've had an increase in TYSABRI starts. And we monitor that very carefully in the U.S. with the TOUCH program. We've seen an increase in discontinuations. I would say it's very hard to quantitate [ph] this just talking theoretically now as more and more patients know their antibody status, you might expect positive patients who have been on for 2 years, some of them to come off. You might expect more negative patients to actually begin TYSABRI. And we think net-net over time, that will result in an increase in TYSABRI utilization. I think the one important thing that happened this quarter, which in most quarters would've been the focus of the most of the questions is that we actually did get approval from the EU to put JC virus antibody status as a risk factor on the label. Once that's on the label, once the test is available, both of which are the case now in Europe, then we can actually talk to physicians and talk to -- make it clear to physicians and patients what their individual risk is likely to be. And we think once that's the case, we can really achieve the potential of TYSABRI. So I think that is a huge positive event for TYSABRI in EU and hopefully, we'll have similar events for the U.S. later this year --
Francesco Granata: And if I may, the difference between the U.S. and Europe is that U.S. the patients has been involved through STRATIFY and the vast majority of patients were patients already in treatment with TYSABRI. So the test had been used mostly to take virus quality out when they reach the two-year landmark. While in Europe, the idea is that the test will be used to screen patients who have to go into therapy. This might allow more virus negative patients to go into therapy. Balancing probably the effect of the availability of the test on the JC virus positive.
Operator: Our final question comes from the line of Joel Sendek with Lazard Capital Markets.
Joel Sendek - Lazard Capital Markets LLC: Thanks a lot. I wanted to know if you can give us a little bit more detail about -- on fampridine on the appeal process, how it's going and when we might expect an answer? Thanks.
Alfred Sandrock: Yes. Look, its an ongoing regulatory process. We don't really want to comment on it. We are actively working on it. And we'll let you know when it's concluded. I think it's not appropriate to comment while it's still ongoing.
Operator: So that was our last question. Thank you for participating in today's call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2010 Q4  (2011-02-01 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Elizabeth Woo - Vice President of Investor Relations Francesco Granata - Executive Vice President of Global Commercial Operations Douglas Williams -  George Scangos - Chief Executive Officer and Director Paul Clancy - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President of Finance Kia Khaleghpour - Associate Director of Investor Relations
Analysts: Sapna Srivastava - Goldman Sachs Group Inc. Geoffrey Porges - Bernstein Research Robyn Karnauskas - Deutsche Bank AG Joel Sendek - Lazard Capital Markets LLC Jason Kantor - RBC Capital Markets, LLC Thomas Wei - Jefferies & Company, Inc. John Sonnier - William Blair & Company L.L.C. Joshua Schimmer - Leerink Swann LLC Yaron Werber - Citigroup Inc Mark Schoenebaum - ISI Group Inc. Eric Schmidt - Cowen and Company, LLC Gene Mack Matthew Roden - UBS Investment Bank Rachel McMinn - BofA Merrill Lynch Geoffrey Meacham - JP Morgan Chase & Co
Operator: Good morning. My name is Michelle, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the [Biogen Idec Inc.] Fourth Quarter and Year-End 2010 Earnings Call. [Operator Instructions] Ms. Khaleghpour, you may begin your conference.
Kia Khaleghpour: Thank you. And welcome to Biogen Idec's fourth quarter and full year 2010 earnings conference call. Before we begin, I encourage everyone to go to the Investors section of biogenidec.com to find the press release and related financial tables, including a reconciliation of the non-GAAP financial measures that we will discuss today. We have also put the slides on our website that follow the discussions related to today's call. As usual, we'll start with the Safe Harbor statement. Comments made in this conference call include forward-looking statements that are subject to risks and uncertainties. Words such as believe, expects, may, plan, will and similar expressions are intended to identify such statements. Actual results could differ materially from our expectations, and you should carefully review the risks and uncertainties that are described in our earnings slides, earnings release and in the Risk Factors section of our most recent annual and quarterly reports filed with the SEC. We do not undertake any obligations to publicly update any forward-looking statements. Today on the call, I'm joined by Dr. George Scangos, Chief Executive Officer of Biogen Idec; Dr. Doug Williams, Executive Vice President of Research and Development; Dr. Francesco Granata, Executive Vice President of Global Commercial Operations; and Paul Clancy, Executive Vice President of Finance and Chief Financial Officer. We'll also be joined for the Q&A portion of the call by Dr. Al Sandrock, Senior Vice President of Neurology Research and Development. Now I'll turn the call over to George.
George Scangos: Okay thanks, Kia. And thanks to all of you for joining us this morning. Our Q4 2010 was a very good finish to a very good year, and I'd like to begin today's call by taking a moment to recap our 2010 results and accomplishments. So financially, we finished 2010 with an all-around strong performance. AVONEX Q4 revenue grew by 10% on a year-over-year basis, TYSABRI Q4 revenue grew by 12% year-over-year, which drove a solid 8% growth in total Q4 revenues year-over-year. For the full year 2010, total revenues also grew by 8% over 2009, while non-GAAP EPS grew by 25% for the full year.  During 2010, we also returned over $2 billion in cash to shareholders and generated over $1.4 billion in free cash flow. Francesco and Paul will provide more financial details later in the call, but suffice it to say that we entered 2011 in a strong financial position with solid momentum.  In 2010, we also clarified Biogen Idec's strategic focus. As you know, we terminated our oncology and cardiovascular pipelines in order to focus on neurodegenerative diseases, hematology and selected high value biological drugs. We're now focusing on what we do best and on what patients need the most.  We streamlined the company, which will result in annual cost savings of about $300 million. Paul Clancy will go into the financials in more detail later in the call. And we've made two very important hires surrounding our management team, and I'll come back to that in a few minutes.  2010 was also very strong commercially with significantly improved AVONEX unit sales trends, particularly in the U.S., where we delivered what is now three straight quarters of U.S. sales of around 170,000 units. We enrolled more than 14,700 patients in our two U.S. stratified trials, validating what we believe is strong interest among patients and physicians in TYSABRI risk stratification. And we filed applications to our U.S. and EU TYSABRI [ph] to include anti-JC virus antibody status as an additional factor to help stratify the PML risk. It has been a strong year for our commercial organization, and I commend them on their achievements.  One recent disappointment has been the negative opinion we received from the CHMP on FAMPYRA. The CHMP was not convinced that 25-foot timed walk was an adequate measure of overall walking ability and had questions about the responder analysis used in the trial. We are of course disappointed by the decision, and we continue to believe strongly that the drug provides a meaningful benefit to many MS patients with walking impairments. We plan to appeal the decision, a process that takes typically six to seven months, and we'll update you on the status of our appeal at an appropriate time.  Otherwise, the R&D organization made significant progress in 2010. We initiated two new Phase III programs, one for daclizumab in MS and the other for our prolonged half-life Factor VIII in hemophilia A. We initiated human trials for our inside LINGO antibody, which has the potential to repair to the myelinated lesions in our patients, and we have made some late stage pipeline. In 2011, we anticipate Phase III data for BG-12, our first oral MS compound, Phase II registrational data for daclizumab, a promising MS therapy with unique mechanism of action.  In 2010, our Business Development Team delivered three important new deals: First, the restructuring of our anti-CD20 agreement that strengthens our collaboration with Genentech and Roche; an acquisition from Neurimmune of early stage programs that address three key central nervous system targets; and a collaboration with Knopp Biosciences on a promising new potential therapy for ALS, a disease which is very high on that need. Together, these accomplishments position us well for strong performance in 2011.  Before I close, let me take a moment here and talk about the two new additions to our senior management team. Steve Holtzman, the Founder, Chairman and former CEO of Infinity Pharmaceuticals and Former Chief Business Officer of Millennium Pharmaceuticals and a track record of doing creative and groundbreaking deals, and Steve will lead our Corporate Development organization; Doug Williams, who was formerly Head of Research in Imunex, when they brought Enbrel forward and was also formerly the Head of R&D and later CEO of ZymoGenetics has a great knowledge for knowing how to turn science into products and doubling our Research and Development organization. Steve and Doug are not only are extraordinarily talented, but are great human beings as well. With the addition of Steve and Doug to Paul, Francesco, Al and the rest of the team here, I believe that we now have the talent and the team that can take Biogen Idec to the next level.  In summary then, 2010 was the beginning of a transformative period of Biogen Idec. We performed well and laid the groundwork for a successful 2011 by restructuring the organization, recruiting top talent and putting in place a high-performance culture. I'll now hand the call over to Doug Williams, our new the R&D head, who will give you the thoughts on what makes a great R&D organization, and his approach to advancing our pipeline. Welcome, Doug.
Douglas Williams: Thank you, George. Before I begin, I just wanted to say to those of you listening to the conference call and to my colleagues in the R&D organization that I'm very excited to be joining Biogen Idec. My job is to build on the already solid science that Biogen Idec has and to advance and strengthen our R&D pipeline to deliver meaningful benefits to patients and add value to our shareholders. As you know, I've been part of a large biotech, bringing Enbrel and LEUKINE to market, but I've also been part of an entrepreneurial company. Whether it's large or small, I see common denominators in both, underlying what makes a great organization. As a result, my focus for increasing R&D productivity will center on, first, bringing forward only those programs that offer real differentiated benefits to patients. There's already a strong commitment in the organization to this, but we need to improve upon our past R&D performance by accelerating high-priority internal candidates and assuring that we adequately resource them. We will be more disciplined in evaluating our pipeline programs.  Second, we need to improve decision making across the organization. I plan to build on the momentum that George has already begun by evaluating and streamlining program structures so that we can cultivate the entrepreneurial spirit and a sense of urgency in the company.  Third, we need to be agnostic about which programs we pursue, whether they're internal or external. We'll become a preferred partner for external emerging biotech companies to further strengthen our pipeline. George, Steve and I can translate our experiences leading small entrepreneurial companies into forging effective new partnerships to sustain our long-term growth and, at the same time, meeting the needs of our partners. We have a keen understanding of what elements in the collaboration will be important for our future partners, having spent many years in that position as the smaller company in collaborations with large pharma and biotech.  Ultimately, I want to harness the passion for innovation that we already have here among the many talented scientists and inspire a new sense of focus, clarity and urgency. In the short-term, we'll build on our historical strengths in neurology and immunology and support the late stage hemophilia programs. We'll further strengthen this company by improving decision making, assuring we effectively resource the highest priority in most differentiated programs and retaining our commitment to bringing true benefits to patients.  Now I'd like to transition to updates from our late-stage neurology pipeline, which is clearly a priority for me and where we have a number of significant data events this year. We filed in December with the FDA and EMA proposed labeling to include anti-JC virus antibody status as another potential factor to help stratify the risk of PML. We're also working to make an anti-JC virus antibody assay commercially available sometime this year. We expect data readouts from both of our Phase III studies of our oral MS treatment, BG-12, later this year. BG-12 is unique among oral MS therapies because it acts as a [ph] protective agent as well as having immune effects. The active agent in BG-12 is the newest in psoriasis for many years and has an established safety profile. We believe this affords the opportunity to pursue combination therapy that have already initiated a Phase II study to explore this approach to treating MS.  We plan to initiate a Phase III trial of dexpramipexole for ALS or Lou Gehrig's disease in the first half of this year. Dex has received orphan drug designation both in the U.S. and EU, as well as fast-track designation in the U.S. Dex has shown positive results in Phase II, and this program is an important part of our strategy to advance therapies for unmet needs in other neurological diseases.  And in the second half of this year, we expect to present top line data from SELECT, the first of two registrational trials for daclizumab. This drug targets the pathogenic T cells in MS through a novel mechanism and Phase II studies have shown solid efficacy and promising safety with the convenience of once-monthly subcutaneous dosing. As for our hemophilia programs, we continue to rapidly enroll patients in our registrational studies, with data readouts from both B-LONG and A-LONG expected in 2012.  Turning to RITUXAN life cycle management activities, last week, we and our partner Genentech, a member of the Roche group, announced FDA approval for the use of RITUXAN as first-line maintenance therapy in patients with advanced follicular lymphoma who responded to initial treatment with RITUXAN plus chemotherapy. Our [indiscernible] date for RITUXAN and ANCA-associated vasculitis, a rare debilitating disease with no approved therapy, is April 19. While I'll be focusing heavily on maturing these late-stage programs, I'll also be looking into the earlier-staged candidates to evaluate them for their future potential and therapeutic differentiation. So in summary, while I've only been here for three weeks, I feel very privileged to be part of a biotech company with such a tremendous legacy, one that's developed three drugs that have transformed the lives of thousands of patients. Biogen Idec has great science and a team of individuals committed to making the company the leading biotech enterprise in the industry. I've known and admired George and Steve for many years and now have the privilege with interacting with the rest of the management team. This is as solid a team as I've ever seen, and there's an unwavering commitment to take this company to the next level.  With that, I'll pass the call over to Dr. Francesco Granata, our Head of Global Commercial Operations.
Francesco Granata: Thank you, Doug. And good morning everyone. As George mentioned at the start of the call, our commercial performance ended the year on a high note. I'm pleased to say that in 2010, we achieved our main goal, which was to stabilize our global MS patient share by abating the decline in our share in the U.S. and growing TYSABRI share globally. This contributed to our 10% global sales growth, driven by strong performances from both AVONEX and TYSABRI.  Let me take a moment to discuss each franchise in more detail, and I'm going to focus on market share and unit sales. Later in the call, Paul Clancy will provide more information on revenue, including the impact on foreign exchange and pricing.  Starting with AVONEX, our performance in the U.S. has improved tremendously. We have had three consecutive quarters now for sale around the 170,000 unit mark after four years of unit sales declines. This is thanks to our strong commercial leadership team, the overall organization, and thanks to the plan we have implemented. Our 2011 goal now is to put our U.S. AVONEX franchise back on an ABCRE market share growth trajectory.  Outside the U.S., after a period of decline, we achieved some AVONEX market share growth in Q4. Keep in mind that in a multi-billion market, even small changes in market share can translate into significant revenue growth, thus, our focus on share.  AVONEX unit demand grew by a solid 6% and the overall market continued to expand. AVONEX is now licensed in more than 85 countries and continues to gain share in many of them. In Japan for example, AVONEX market share crossed the 30% threshold in 2010. AVONEX full year revenue growth in the Asia Pacific region was 46%. In 2010, AVONEX was newly approved in South Korea, Hong Kong, Bosnia and Herzegovina, Lebanon and Panama.  Moving on to TYSABRI performance, 2010 worldwide market TYSABRI revenue exceeded the $1.2 billion, an increase of 16% versus 2009. We ended the year with 56,600 patients, an increase of 8,200 patients or 72% over 2009, and we continue to gain market share. Worldwide, net patient additions averaged 133 per week, down from 162 during the third quarter. This drop in patient addition is something we are watching but nothing that we are overly concerned about. In fact, new TYSABRI patient inflows in the U.S. have been stable, a reflection of the confidence that physicians and patients have in the value of TYSABRI and the affirmation of the effectiveness of our commercial communication strategy. There's no doubt what's called [ph] in the U.S. discontinuation, which could be the result of a number of factors including time on TYSABRI, treatment interruptions, JCV antibodies, [ph] and new competition. The important point however, is that TYSABRI continues to grow in the U.S. In fact, during 2010, we added 3,100 commercial U.S. TYSABRI patients. This is very good, very strong growth.  In addition, there are now more than 14,000 patients who have been recruited on the STRATIFY-2 trial in the U.S., which suggests the tremendous amount of interest in risk stratification, potentially unlocking TYSABRI growth over the midterm. TYSABRI patients outside the U.S. grew by 21% and unit grew by 23%.  During 2010, TYSABRI were approved in Russia, Argentina, Columbia, Guatemala, Honduras, Bosnia and Herzegovina, Morocco and Panama raising the total number of countries where TYSABRI is approved to more than 30. In December, TYSABRI goes to India. Much has been made lately about competition from [ph]. We expect the overall market to grow as a result of a new entry and that we expect [ph] to gain market share and meet the needs of the segment of the marketplace. However, to date, as I just described, both AVONEX and TYSABRI have performed very well. We believe that the benefits of these products, coupled with our commercial strategy and their associated communication plans, we continue to make them compelling options for MS patients.  Our strong 2010 performance, did not happen by chance. It was the result of a new way of working, combined with exquisite execution. In line with joint vision for Biogen Idec, we strengthened our global commercial infrastructure, while eliminating unnecessary layers of management and clearing the way for a strong partnership between our strong global and our strong local operations. We enhanced our capabilities in market access, global marketing and other core commercial functions. We hired a preeminent neurologist to run the medical affairs team, increased the size of that team and invested in generating new scientific data for our products. In addition, we have increased the size of our sales force, and we strengthened our leadership team by attracting some of the best talent in the industry.  Another big accomplishment for us in 2010 was the restructuring of our RITUXAN sales and marketing operations, which allowed us to focus on our joint strategic role in the collaboration, while eliminating most of the [ph] operational responsibilities. This translated into improved market performance and profitability that will continue into 2011. These priorities are critical, not only to Biogen Idec's 2011 success, but also to building a strong commercial foundation to accommodate future product launches.  Overall then, we have much to be excited about how we are heading into 2011. We entered the year with positive momentum in both AVONEX and TYSABRI franchises. We have identified opportunities to advance both franchises through better execution, global expansion and, in the case of TYSABRI, risk stratification. And now we have the talent and the resources in place to translate these platforms [ph]. With that, I will now turn the call over to Paul Clancy, our Chief Financial Officer. Paul?
Paul Clancy: Thanks, Francesco. I'll start with our GAAP financials which are provided in Tables 1 and 2 of the earnings release. Table 3 includes a reconciliation of the GAAP to non-GAAP results. The primary differences between our GAAP and non-GAAP results for the quarter were $75 million related to restructuring, $53 million related to the amortization of acquired intangibles and $28 million of tax impact on these items.  For the year, the differences are outlined in the earnings presentation. Our GAAP diluted earnings per share was $0.99 in Q4 and $3.94 for full year 2010. Now I'll move on to the non-GAAP P&L, which we believe better represents the ongoing economics of the business and reflects how we manage the business internally. Our non-GAAP diluted earnings per share was $1.42 for Q4 and $5.15 for full year 2010, which was, as noted, a strong finish to the year.  Total revenue for the fourth quarter grew 8% to $1.2 billion and also grew 8% for full year to $4.7 billion. Going through our product revenues, I'll focus on adding financial detail to Francesco's comments, starting with AVONEX. Q4 AVONEX worldwide product revenue was strong, growing 10% to $654 million. AVONEX worldwide reached $2.5 billion in revenue for 2010. In the U.S. where AVONEX grew to $1.5 billion, inventory in the channel ended at just over two and a quarter weeks, up slightly from last quarter. Internationally, AVONEX product revenue was $270 million, an 11% increase over Q4 2009, and full year grew 12% to $1,027,000,000. The international AVONEX business modestly benefited from some tender market sales in Middle East and Russia in Q4. International AVONEX revenue also includes a $4 million hedging gain in Q4 and $35 million in hedged gains for the full year 2010.  Moving to TYSABRI. Worldwide collaboration sales were $333 million in the fourth quarter, growing to $1.2 billion for the year. For Biogen Idec, we recorded TYSABRI product sales of $242 million in the fourth quarter, a 12% increase over prior year. And we recorded TYSABRI worldwide revenue for full year 2010 of $900 million, a 16% increase.  In the U.S., Q4 TYSABRI product revenue to Biogen Idec grew 15% to $70 million and grew 9% for the full year to $253 million. Q4 international TYSABRI product revenue was $172 million, a 12% increase over prior year, which included a $1 million gain from hedging. International TYSABRI revenue for full year 2010 totaled $647 million, a 19% year-over-year increase, which included an $11 million gain from hedging.  Now moving on to the RITUXAN collaboration revenues. Our revenues are broken down to three components. First our share of the U.S. RITUXAN profits. U.S. RITUXAN sales were $691 million in the fourth quarter, up 5% versus prior year. Q4 revenue was unfavorably impacted by some destocking as inventory in the channel declined. Our profit share from that business was $215 million, up 12%. For the full year, U.S. RITUXAN sales were $2.8 billion, up 4% and our profit share from that business was $848 million, up 10%.  Second, we received revenue on sales of RITUXAN outside the U.S., and in Q4 this was $34 million, down 26% as royalties from individual countries have expired. Revenues on sales of RITUXAN outside of the U.S. for the full year was $171 million. And last, in the fourth quarter, we are reimbursed $9 million for selling and development costs incurred related to RITUXAN. For the full year, we were reimbursed $58 million.  Moving to royalties. Royalties were $45 million for the fourth quarter and $137 million for the year. In the fourth quarters, our royalties increased sequentially as a result of indiamax [ph] moving through a sales-based royalty tier.  Now turning to the expense lines on the non-GAAP P&L. Q4 cost of goods sold were $100 million or 8% of revenues. Q4 R&D expense was $289 million or 24% of revenues. R&D expense for the full year totaled $1.2 billion, approximately 26% of full year revenue. In the fourth quarter, R&D expense benefited from the termination of the lixivaptan program, which was offset by a $10 million true up payment to Roche related to the collaboration amendment. Absent these two changes, we incurred no meaningful R&D milestones in the quarter. Q4 SG&A expense was $273 million, a 15% year-over-year increase as we increased sales and marketing activities in support of AVONEX and TYSABRI and increased medical affairs activity.  Continuing down the P&L, our collaboration profit sharing line totaled $68 million in expense for the quarter. Other income and expense was a loss of $5 million in Q4, as yields on our marketable securities have declined. Our Q4 non-GAAP tax rate was approximately 22%, which was driven lower due to the R&D tax credit legislation late in the year. For full year 2010, our non-GAAP tax rate was approximately 25%, which included the R&D tax credit in favorable discrete items in prior quarters.  Let me also call attention to the non-controlling interest line on the P&L. In Q4, we incurred a $25 million pretax charge related to the previously announced termination of our involvement in the lixivaptan program. In the fourth quarter, our weighted average shares were $243 million. Over the course of 2010, we retired over 40.3 million shares related to the two previously communicated share repurchase authorizations. The ability to return cash to shareholders has been a testament to the robust cash flow generation of the company. We ended the year with approximately $2 billion in cash and marketable securities. Of note, approximately 47% of our cash and marketable securities is domiciled outside the U.S.  This brings us to our non-GAAP diluted earnings per share which were $1.42 in Q4 and $5.15 for full year, representing a 25% increase over the full year 2009. So 2010 was a year of strong financial performance. Commercial organization executed hard to achieve high-single-digit revenue growth above our original expectations. We appropriately leveraged the P&L with non-GAAP EPS growing by 25%, and our cash flow was exceptional.  Now I'd like to outline our 2011 financial guidance, which will exclude any significant business development activities. Revenue in 2011 is expected to be between flat and low-single-digit growth. Our estimate includes the impact of some notable items that are projected to reduce our revenue base. First, the RITUXAN business will be impacted by the continuing expiry of ex-U.S. royalties and a reduction in sales and marketing expense reimbursement. We expect the RITUXAN rest-of-world revenue to total approximately $80 million to $100 million for 2011. Second, we don't expect to benefit from the hedge gains we've experienced in 2010. Third, the impact of healthcare reform increases from approximately $15 million in 2010 to approximately $95 million in 2011 across all products. Nevertheless, we expect these headwinds to be offset by continued TYSABRI revenue growth.  We expect some upward pressure on cost of goods sold as we won't benefit from some of the one-time upsides in 2010. R&D expense is expected to be approximately 22% to 24% of revenue. SG&A expense is expected to be approximately 20% to 21% of revenue, reflecting the savings from the change in RITUXAN sales and marketing structure, offset by some commercial investments to compete in the new landscape. Our outlook is designed to capture the economic upside from the November restructuring, aiming to achieve a yearly run rate savings of $300 million by the second half of 2011. As a result, we expect the combination of R&D plus SG&A expenditures to decline by high-single-digit percent.  Our effective tax rate, both GAAP and non-GAAP is expected to be between 26% and 28% of profit before tax. Non-GAAP diluted earnings per share is expected to be above $5.70 and GAAP diluted EPS is expected to be above $4.82. We expect CapEx in the range of $200 million and $220 million. Overall, the financial plan is designed to allow resources to move forward our late-stage pipeline, defend the commercial business and drive double-digit non-GAAP earnings per share growth.  Now I'll hand the call over to George for his closing comments.
George Scangos: Okay, thanks, Paul. We had a good 2010 and we intend to build upon that now as we move through 2011. We have five key goals for 2011. First, we plan to maximize our financial performance without compromising the long-term health of the business. Our 2011 goal is to deliver double-digit earnings growth, realizing the economic benefits of the restructuring we did last fall.  Second, we plan to grow our share of the MS market. Our 2011 goal is to grow AVONEX share in the ABCRE market and to continue to grow TYSABRI share overall. Third, we plan to aggressively pursue the serological assay and TYSABRI risk ratification efforts. Our 2011 goal is to provide these important insights to the neurology community subsequent to a label update.  Fourth, we plan to aggressively advance the late-stage pipeline. Our 2011 goals include filing an NDA for BG-12, completing the enrollments in the Peginterferon Phase III trial, completing and communicating the final results of the select daclizumab Phase II registrational trial, continuing to advance the Phase III daclizumab design trial, initiating [ph] Phase III trial and completing enrollment in our Factor VIII and Factor IX physical trial. In addition, well aggressively explore external opportunities to enhance our portfolio, and we now have in place a team that can do that thoughtfully and effectively.  Fifth and finally, our plan calls for continuing to drive true cultural change at Biogen Idec, building on a new sense of urgency and nimbleness at the company. So before I close, I want to thank all of Biogen Idec's employees for their contributions, without which we couldn't achieve our goals and for the positive and productive attitude with which they've embraced our new vision. We've had quite a bit to be excited about and are looking forward for 2011 and beyond.  So with that, we'll close our remarks and open up the call for questions.
Elizabeth Woo: Operator, we're ready to open up the call for Q&A   [Operator Instructions] Operator, we're ready for the first question.
Operator: The first question comes from Eric Schmidt from Cowen and Company.
Eric Schmidt - Cowen and Company, LLC: Paul, I'm wondering if you're expecting to get royalties for BeneFIX in 2011 if that's part of your guidance and what royalty rate might be entitled to?
Paul Clancy: That is a royalty that we are entitled to. It is small, single-digit. It is kind of embedded in there. It isn't a significant mover of -- kind of the determination of our revenue outlook for next year, but we're still, nevertheless, cheering for a great performance for BeneFIX over the long term.
Operator: Your next question comes from Mark Schoenebaum from ISI Group.
Mark Schoenebaum - ISI Group Inc.: One, Paul, what are you expecting for AVONEX volume growth in 2011? What's embedded into the guidance? And two, what's the budget for BD now that you've named the team head? And can you give us any kind of framework to think about that? And does that $300 million in annualized cost-savings exclude that?
Paul Clancy: Yes, let me take that, and then I'll ask George to kind of give a broader perspective on business development. Look, in AVONEX our objective, I kind of point you to that, is to begin to move -- take this -- what we've done in terms of abated the share loss in the ABCR market and actually move it towards share gains. It's kind of unclear whether or not that segment will actually grow or not, but that is our objective is to actually try to begin share gains across the world in the ABCRE kind of segment of the marketplace. I don't think our expectations are meaningful unit gains when you combine what's going on in the United States, with natural kind of unit growth that continues outside the United States. The $300 million target savings is pure savings. I think our thinking on that is that as we brought in new people, Doug, Steve as well, in the business development front, we look to be agnostic as we've talked about in terms of pursuing internal or external opportunities, and we'll make trade-offs along the way.
George Scangos: The $300 million savings as well as the EPS target that Paul said earlier, both having in them a certain amount of money for business development transactions. Certainly, I'm not going into what that is as many partners might be listening to the call here. But there' are certain amount of money in there and we, as Paul said, I think all of us are agnostics. We need the best pipeline we can get. We have several interesting compounds in the pipeline already, we need to strengthen it further. We will do that both by evaluating internal and external opportunities. And basically, we view R&D and business development as one big budget and that's the amount of money we have in order to build and move forward our pipeline and we'll try and use it often.
Operator: Your next question comes from Rachel McMinn from Bank of America.
Rachel McMinn - BofA Merrill Lynch: Two more R&D-oriented questions, but wondering if you can say on STRATIFY 2 -- youve talked about how many patients are in this study. Can you give us a sense of how many PML events have been recorded in this study so far? And/or when you expect to actually have data from the study? And then secondarily, on BG-12, you talked about using this in combination, but obviously, the initial study is versus placebo. I'm just trying to gauge like, what do you think -- obviously, more than just having a statistically significant result, but what would be a good result that would get you excited about commercializing it as monotherapy?
Paul Clancy: Rachel, this is Paul. Let me just answer the first part of that and I'll turn it over to Doug and Al on the other specific. Just on the STRATIFY 2, I mean, there's certainly interest, as we understand, as we all have interest in trying to understand what patients are doing as they get their STRATIFY 2 information. That's an open label, physicians and patients in essence get their zero positive or zero negative status. We are not kind of looking at that to try to preserve the integrity of that trial for the time being. So when the information is ready to be communicated broadly to the medical community, we'll do that. But I think were trying to make this study very, very important for the long-term health of TYSABRI. I'll turn it over to Doug and Al.
Douglas Williams: I think as far as the magnitude of the response that we would like to see in the combination studies, it's sure hard, we'll be thinking about sort of the magnitude that's important. But I think what's key here is that we've got different mechanisms of action that we're combining. We've got an agent that has neuroprotective effects and some modest immunomodulatory activity. We'll be looking at that in combination with the interferons as well as Copaxone and obviously, we'll be looking at improved performance in terms of EDSS and the usual parameters that we measure in MS studies.
Operator: Your next question comes from Robyn Karnauskas from Deutsche Bank.
Robyn Karnauskas - Deutsche Bank AG: It was just -- in thinking about [ph] the market growth for AVONEX and TYSABRI, I was wondering if you could comment on what kind of assumptions do you think -- you have around pricing. Is it a big price increase? How long will that be able to continue? Because you said repeatedly that you don't think there's a lot of pricing power left in the market? And the second question is really about volume growth, just to elaborate a little bit more, how much volume growth are you really assuming in your guidance?
Paul Clancy: This is Paul, Robyn. For planning purposes and going forward, we don't assume pricing. So specifically on the guidance, what's embedded is simply what has already been taken in the marketplace. What we see in the marketplace, with respect to overall market growth, is low-single-digit in the United States for the market and kind of higher single-digit outside the United States. I think one thing to point to, that's interesting is that we have seen with the new entrants that it has the potential to expand the market. So we don't, per se, have that built into our forecast, but that's a heartening kind of early indicator in a dynamic in the marketplace.
Operator: Next question comes from Yaron Werber.
Yaron Werber - Citigroup Inc: One is just a follow-up on pricing. I mean, if you actually calculate the price of TYSABRI, regardless of the price increases, the actual price increase that you're able to book is much smaller than the actual price increase. So can you help us understand exactly what's going on there? Is there big rebates or big gross to net adjustments? And the price of AVONEX, you've actually noted, was down 2% versus Q4 '09, again despite price increases. So just trying to understand that dynamic. And then secondly, it sounds like your guidance assumes pretty much a flat share count in 2011. So are you not expecting any share buyback or is that upside?
Paul Clancy: Yes, this is Paul. I'll start with the back-end of your questions. The guidance assumes essentially where we ended the year with respect to shares. So on an ongoing basis, we have essentially assumed share stabilization. The use of cash and the robust cash flow generation the company puts us in this very enviable position. We'll continue to really review strategic opportunities for the company. We have a new team here in place that is very adept and very experienced at that in really try to build and enrich the pipeline. If we have excess cash flow, we'll look towards returning that the shareholders and the most appropriate way. But I think the way you framed it as the potential of upside is probably the decent way to think about it. We just don't want to get the SKUs too far ahead of our nose on that one. With respect to pricing, the dynamic that you're maybe seeing is kind of an FX or the hedge gains that will cut down on a year-to-year basis. So when you strip that apart, I do think on the AVONEX business, we're seeing pull through. And then on the TYSABRI business, I think it's accurate, it's a little bit less of realization of the price changes.
Operator: The next question comes from Jeff Meacham from JPMorgan.
Geoffrey Meacham - JP Morgan Chase & Co: Question for you on new starts in the JC virus assay. I'm curious if you guys anticipate more or less a warehouse effect of TYSABRI candidates from the assay [ph] or do you think you could have -- the other question is how frequently do you think that you can test on a yearly basis? What would be the recommendation and then the net effect of that on discontinuations?
Francesco Granata: So far, what we have seen taking place in the market is that the patients to whom TYSABRI's prescribed have remained pretty stable and the conversion of prescription into [ph] on treatment remained pretty stable in quarter four. What we have seen is a slight increase in the discontinuation, and in particular, we have seen that from the past quarters, some changes in there. There are more, now, alternative dosing than drug [ph]. We don't see for the moment a warehousing effect as you mentioned. We think that through the plan of communicating our risk stratification, we shared an outline what is the profile of the risk benefit of TYSABRI in the virus-negative patients and what should be the idea of the public used in the virus-positive patients, for which we still think there is room for TYSABRI to be used, as by the way testified by the confidence of physicians in continuing prescribing TYSABRI.
Douglas Williams: Jeff, in terms of the frequency of repeat testing, we believe that annually is reasonable, but we'll see what the regulatory authorities, whether or not they agree.
Operator: The next question comes from Thomas Wei from Jefferies.
Thomas Wei - Jefferies & Company, Inc.: I'm a little bit confused about the growth dynamic characterization that you gave for TYSABRI. So just based on the utilization numbers during the fourth quarter, you can calculate the gross patient as, those were 3,300 then discontinuations were only 1,600 for the net new patient numbers of 1,700. So relative to the third quarter, if we look at things sequentially, that actually means that the fourth quarter softness wasn't really driven by an increase in discontinuations. That looks relatively steady over the last few quarters. It was really driven by softness in new starts. Is that the right way towards the data on a sequential basis? And can you just share with us how these trends might differ geographically?
Francesco Granata: Well, basically the drop in new patients is mainly driven by discontinuation. And again, we didn't see in the U.S. any softening of the touch form, and we didn't see any significant decrease in the transformation of touch forms into prescriptions. So we think that the largest part of the drop in net patients is driven by discontinuation. Again, that discontinuation were mainly either patients going into drug holidays or alternative dosing. We have seen in quarter four a slight change on these two segments and increase in alternate dosing and is likely to a proportional degree in drug holidays. Does that answer your question?
Paul Clancy: The other thing I'd add is, we always talk about and kick around these numbers that there is such precision. We feel very comfortable that the data in the United States both on touch forms, which are in kind of an analogue to prescriptions as well as discontinuations, are pretty robust. In that when we articulate the U.S. information, it's based off of the risk management program, and it's pretty good. Outside the United States, when we provide total worldwide information, it's actually the triangulation of information, including shipments and units and country-by-country data. And that would extend also to the patient utilization numbers that you referred to at the beginning of your math, I think that kind of 77,000 number. So I think we just want to be guarded by taking those and then driving it down to very, very specific trends. These are kind of broad, particularly outside the United States, broad kind of unit trends and patient trend numbers.
Operator: Your next question comes from Matt Roden from UBS.
Matthew Roden - UBS Investment Bank: It's on TYSABRI risk stratification really how to best communicate that information down the line. So should we be expecting now the STRATIFY 2 a PML rate in [ph] negative patients. And if so, what sort of differential rate do you think would be required to convince regulators and the MS community to drive up broader uptake?
Paul Clancy: Yes, we would like to eventually get to an incidence figure in the antibody positive population as well as the antibody negative population. And in terms of what the regulators will require, I'd rather not comment on that because we are right in the middle of sort of our regulatory process. We have had conversations with them and we have filed. So we are making progress but, obviously, but probably best not to comment.
George Scangos: And remember that the population is not just positive and negative. There are two other risk factors already on the label, duration and prior [ph]. So we'd like to be able to let patients and physicians know what their relative risk is depending on what set of risk factors they have and currently three that are on the label, JC virus, antibody status and hopefully additional risk factors in the future. And so -- but we can't really comment on the specific to that as we go throughout the regulatory process. That's certainly the goal.
Operator: Your next question comes from Josh Schimmer from Leerink.
Joshua Schimmer - Leerink Swann LLC: I just wanted to circle back on the price increase question. What are the specific factor or factors that ultimately cap your ability to take additional price increases going forward?
Paul Clancy: I actually no kind of thought to add to it. So we don't plan for it in terms of anything for the next year's guidance, as well as going forward, we kind of plan at a very low level.
Gene Mack: So can I ask, had you planned in 2010, for price increases?
Paul Clancy: No, same thing. Sorry, we can't add too much more color.
Operator: Your next question comes from Jason Kantor [RBC Capital Markets].
Jason Kantor - RBC Capital Markets, LLC: Also a question on TYSABRI. With the proposed label change, the commercial JC virus test and STRATIFY results, how are you seeing that all come out over time and what sort of assumptions do you have in terms of what kind of uptick those things might cause in your guidance? And then in a related question, what percentage of the people that are already on TYSABRI have been tested to date for JC virus?
George Scangos: Well, over time, to get back to the last question, we would like to be able to provide information to patients and physicians about the relative risk, which we anticipate will be obviously lower in the JC-negative population than in the JC-positive population. So that patients can make the appropriate decisions together with their physicians. So we wouldn't -- as the risk-benefit of TYSABRI obviously will be different for people who have different risks, and so they can make the appropriate decision. We imagine over time, and potentially increase in the negative population. We want to make sure we get that on the label, and we do this in the way that's obviously consistent with all of the guidance and regulations. So far, there are 13,700 patients who have been tested on STRATIFY 2 so that's the total, there's another 1,000 on STRATIFY 1. And so that's the total number of TYSABRI patients or patients who know their JC virus factor.
Operator: Your next question comes from Sapna Srivastava from Goldman Sachs.
Sapna Srivastava - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: There've been many question asked on volume and pricing. I'm not sure if still fully get it. Could you just help me understand just ex-U.S., what are you seeing in terms of AVONEX and TYSABRI volumes? And how should we think of the pricing relative to the U.S. and this ex-volume growth that you are forecasting?
Francesco Granata: Outside the United States, the growth of volumes of AVONEX was 6%. And for TYSABRI, the volume growth on outside the United States was around 17%. Outside the United States, it was 23% in volume growth. So continue to have a stronger -- both product continue to show a very promising and interesting growth in terms of volumes. As far as price is concerned, as usual, there is much more price pressure in Europe than in the United States. We think we have got the large proportion of the possible price pressure on both products in 2010, which could translate into a softer 2011 price erosion outside the United States. We have, on the other hand, strengthened our global market access capability in order to make sure that to appropriate very good position [ph] will be able to further limit the price [ph] United States.
Operator: Your next question comes from Geoff Borges from Bernstein.
Geoffrey Porges - Bernstein Research: Just a couple questions for Doug. Doug, just a couple of dosing questions. Looking at PEGylated interferon, you obviously had the chance to look at the data. What do you think you're likely to be able to get away with in terms of dosing or Peginterferon beta? And similarly for Factor VIII, I see you announced that you started the Phase III trial there. Could you talk about the dosing schedule you're going ahead with? And then lastly, just related to your views of the portfolio, I know it's early days, but you've been successful in the past at attracting, acquiring interest in R&D assets before, and I think that's not gone unnoticed. Anything that you think will be a candidate for externally partnering in terms of generating revenue and bringing your partners to the table rather than actually making the investments from Biogen Idec's side.
Douglas Williams: Let me see if I can get these in order for you. From the Peginterferon perspective, I think we're going to be able to see that data fairly soon. So I'll wait until we see the data before I predict what the answer is going to be to that question. But certainly, I think it's an important part of our strategy that's building on the AVONEX franchise to come up with a more convenient dosing schedule than what we currently have when we're enthusiastic about having that data. As far as the Factor VIII situation is concerned, I think the information that we have available to us at this point would suggest that the dosing frequency should be about half of what we see with the existing Factor VIIIs out there. So reducing the dosing by half, I think is what our anticipated dosing frequency is going to be in that study. And then the third question is attracting talent?
Operator: Your next question comes from Joel Sendek from Lazard Capital Markets.
Joel Sendek - Lazard Capital Markets LLC: I have a question about FAMPYRA. I was wondering if you could potentially share any of your strategy for the appeal, for example, is there any additional data you could submit? Or how can you reference the commercial success in the U.S. in support of the appeal? And then if you could give us more information on exactly what will happen along with the six to seven months and what we'll we hear and when?
Douglas Williams: Let me try crack at it and then maybe George can finish up. I think that the key thing to remember is that there's two positive Phase III trials and so the data are quite robust. And as a clinician, ambulation is very important in multiple sclerosis. And so, I think, those are the things that we need to point out. The other thing is that there's a patient reported outcome, a validated outcome called MSWS-12, which confirmed the fact that this increase of 25% from baseline in walking speed in the responders is clinically meaningful. And so these are the things that I think we need to point out and make sure that the CHMP fully understands the data.
George Scangos: And just to give you a sense of how the time line plays and how we get to six to seven months is, essentially, we have to get a new rapporteur and co-rapporteur named. We have 60 days to actually submit essentially our response to the initial action of the regulatory agency. They then have 60 days to decide whether they're going to uphold the original rejection or essentially take our position on this, and then there's an additional 67-day period whereby the central body has an opportunity to vote on this and give a final recommendation. So that's how we get to the all in six-to-seven-month time line.
Operator: Your final question comes from John Sonnier from William Blair.
John Sonnier - William Blair & Company L.L.C.: George, I appreciate the goal to be agnostic in your business development pursuits. I guess with Doug on board, why wouldn't you alter your strategic direction a bit more towards a broad focus in immunology than you would have done otherwise?
George Scangos: Doug has obviously, I think, demonstrated over the years his ability to be very discerning among targets and developing drugs that have an impact on the immunological system but that will be part of our focus as we go forward, it has been, and that will continue to be part of our focus. I think Doug, as you probably know, I mean together with Al and other people have broad, I think, scientific insight that spans not only immunology, but also neurology and the other areas we're interested in. So certainly we'll continue to focus on immunological things and the anti-inflammatory aspects. But not only that, obviously, we have to be focused on neurology as well, so we'll see. We're happy to have Doug here as a very seasoned, a very successful R&D head, and who will not only take our internal projects forward, but I think help us in a very thoughtful analyses of opportunities we see on the outside.
Elizabeth Woo: That was our last question. Thank you for your participation in today's call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2010 Q3  (2010-10-26 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Elizabeth Woo - Vice President of Investor Relations Company Speaker - Alfred Sandrock - George Scangos - Chief Executive Officer and Director Paul Clancy - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President of Finance
Analysts: Geoffrey Porges - Bernstein Research Jason Kantor - RBC Capital Markets Corporation Robyn Karnauskas - Deutsche Bank AG Joel Sendek - Lazard Capital Markets LLC Thomas Wei - Jefferies & Company, Inc. Joshua Schimmer - Leerink Swann LLC Yaron Werber - Citigroup Inc Christopher Raymond - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated Jason Zhang - BMO Capital Markets U.S. Eric Schmidt - Cowen and Company, LLC Mark Schoenebaum - ISI Group Inc. Rachel McMinn - BofA Merrill Lynch Geoffrey Meacham - JP Morgan Chase & Co
Operator: Good morning. My name is Steve, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Biogen Idec's Third Quarter 2010 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Ms. Kia Khaleghpour, you may begin your conference.
Elizabeth Woo: Thank you, Steve. Thank you, and welcome to Biogen Idec's Third Quarter 2010 Earnings Conference Call. Before we begin, I encourage everyone to go to the Investors section of biogenidec.com to find the press release and related financial tables, including a reconciliation of the non-GAAP financial measures I will discuss today. We've also posted slides on our website that followed the discussions related to today's call. As usual, we'll start with the Safe Harbor statement. Comments made in this conference call include forward-looking statements that are subject to risks and uncertainties. Words such as believe, expect, may, plan, will and similar expressions are intended to identify such statements. Actual results could differ materially from our expectations, and you should carefully review the risks and uncertainties that are described in our earnings slide, earnings release and in the Risk Factors section of our most recent annual and quarterly reports filed with the SEC. We do not undertake any obligation to publicly update any forward-looking statements. Today on the call, I'm joined by Dr. George Scangos, Chief Executive Officer of Biogen Idec; Dr. Al Sandrock, Senior Vice President of Neurology Research and Development; Dr. Francesco Granata, Executive Vice President of Global Commercial Operations; and Paul Clancy, Executive Vice President of Finance and Chief Financial Officer. Now, I'll turn the call over to George.
George Scangos: Thanks, Kia, and thanks to all of you for joining us this morning. It's hard to believe that we're sitting here today. Another quarter has passed. It doesn't seem like that long ago that we're on the Q2 call. I guess time flies when you're having fun. I'm happy to report that Biogen Idec delivered another solid quarter. And financial revenues were $1.2 billion, up 5% versus the third quarter of '09, non-GAAP earnings per share were $1.35, which is a 21% increase year-over-year. And we completed the $1.5 billion share buyback that the Board authorized this April, retiring a total of nearly 30 million shares at an average price of $15.35. During the quarter, we also made considerable progress on three top priorities, growing and expanding the commercial business, taking a hard look at R&D to ensure that we maximize the return in our investment and in choosing the sense of urgency in all parts of the organization. Our MS franchise delivered double-digit year-over-year revenue growth and continues to be the global leader in MS. Importantly, AVONEX U.S. unit sales increased sequentially for the second straight quarter at the first such performance since 2004. And we just now completed the expansion of our sales force, finished strengthening the skills and competencies of the entire commercial organization and launched a number of new initiatives to keep these areas competitive as we prepare to face new market entrance. So anticipate that the full effect of the actions we've taken have not yet been fully felt. Our Neurology, Research and Development organization made some noteworthy advances. Al Sandrock will provide more details later on the call, but here are some highlights. We made significant progress on our TYSABRI risk stratification efforts. Earlier this month at ECTRIMS, we presented interim results from our STRATIFY 1 study, which confirmed earlier data that roughly half of the MS patient population tested positive in our sclerosis collassay for JC virus. For STRATIFY 2, we've made tremendous progress on patient enrollment. And as of October 22, we enrolled over 6,800 patients. At ECTRIMS, along with our partner Roche, we announced positive data from the Phase II study of Ocrelizumab and relapsing remitting MS. Al will go through the data in more detail, but overall, it looks quite impressive. And as we now announced last week, we reached an agreement with Genentech and Roche to allow them to move Ocrelizumab forward while allowing Biogen Idec to avoid a further concentration of its R&D dollars in Phase III trials in MS, while we maintain our economic interest in the compound. Importantly, we agree that the introduction of Ocrelizumab on to the market would not impact our profit sharing arrangement on RITUXAN. We also agree that the profit sharing arrangements for GA101 and RITUXAN, which were a potential area of dispute in the future. The company's interest are now in line, allowing us to work together to maximize with the collaboration revenues, as well as the benefits to patients. We also diversified our Neurology pipeline. In August, we announced the licensing agreement with Knopp Neurosciences to develop and commercialize for the treatment of amyotrophic lateral sclerosis, or ALS, and potentially other indications. We expect to initiate this trial during the first half of next year. Our hemophilia pipeline also has some positive developments. Last month, the European Commission granted orphan designation to our long acting recombinant factor VIII FC fusion protein . We plan to initiate the registrational trial for this program called A-long by year end. Patient enrollment for B-long, which is the registrational trial for our long acting recombinant Factor IX FC fusion protein in hemophilia B, continues to enroll as expected. And we're on track for data readout in 2012. Many of you also are interested in the status of our search for Head of R&D. We've identified several accomplished, talented people who are interested in the job and the interview process is underway. I'm confident that we'll end up with a high-quality R&D head. We want to get this done quickly, as quickly as we can, but we also want to make sure to take the time to identify and recruit the best candidate. So it's been a busy three months since our last earnings call. Since my arrival, I've spoken with many of Biogen Idec's employees, visited many of the company sites and talk to most of our major shareholders, business partners and other important constituencies. As a result, I'm more optimistic than ever about the long-term future of Biogen Idec. As I've said before, this is a fundamentally good company from which to build. There are many things we can and we must do better, and we will. And thanks to do so, we're being implemented. On our last call, I talked about our efforts to focusing control costs, and we're making great progress on both fronts. We're not yet ready to talk publicly about our plans and any potential actions, and so we won't be answering any questions on that subject today. I can assure you that we're on track to share our plans prior to the end of the year, consistent with the timeline I laid out on the last call. So at this point, I'll turn the call over to Al Sandrock for details on the progress we've been making in Neurology R&D.
Alfred Sandrock: Thank you, George. I'll be addressing our late stage of Neurology pipeline a bit later, so let me begin by first updating you on our TYSABRI risk stratification efforts. Earlier this month at ECTRIMS, we made several presentation highlighting the results of our work on the anti-JCV antibody assay. Today, we have analyzed blood samples from five large MS studies including the STRATA; TYSABRI safety extension study; the predominantly European affirmed Phase III trial of TYSABRI; the North American portion of the TYSABRI Safety Observations Study, called TYGRIS; the independent Swedish MS registry; and the baseline data from the STRATIFY 1 study, which as you know, we implemented this year in the United States in patients either on TYSABRI or considering TYSABRI. We are pleased to see that the data obtained from these studies have been quite consistent and confirmed the findings which were recently published in the anals of neurology. Let me summarize our findings. We have now tested blood samples from over 5000 MS patients. To our knowledge, this is the largest study of JCV zerology[ph] ever undertaken. Across studies, JCV zero prevalence ranges from approximately 50% to 60%. In all studies, zero prevalence is lower in females than in males, which is consistent with previously published reports. Zero prevalence increases with age, also in keeping with the published literature. We have found that prior immunosuppressant use has no bearing on JC virus zero prevalence. Moreover, TYSABRI exposure does not appear to affect the prevalence of anti-JCV antibodies. Importantly, when we tested archive samples that were available from 20 patients who have developed PML while on TYSABRI, all 20 tested positive by our assay. These samples have been collected 6.5 to 187 months prior to the onset of PML. Based on what we have now learned about JCV in antibody status and MS patient populations, if antibody status were not a risk factor for developing PML, one would've expected their roughly half of these 20 patients would have been antibody positive. So we believe that finding all 20 to be positive is extremely unlikely to be due to chance. In addition, we have tested 31 serum samples taken at the time of, or shortly after PML diagnosis. And all 31 have also tested positive by our assay. Thus, we continue to believe that the anti-JCV antibodies test could be an important risk stratification tool for TYSABRI. We note that another laboratory using a different anti-JCV antibody assay have reported that a few TYSABRI PML patients at the time of diagnosis were only borderline positive or negative by their assay. When we used our own assay to test duplicates of the very same blood samples, we found them all to test positive in our assay, thus, confirming the high sensitivity of our assay for anti-JCV antibodies. One hypothesis that may explain the difference is that all these blood samples were collected after plasma exchange, a procedure which was used to remove TYSABRI from the circulation. This procedure also removes other antibodies so the antibody may be at or below the limit of detection of their assay. We have had preliminary discussions with both the U.S. and European regulatory authorities about our work on the anti-JCV assay and have shared these and other data with them. As a result of these discussions, we are planning to submit labeling changes to both regulatory agencies by the first quarter of next year. We believe that the 5000 patient data set, coupled with the results from the 20 pre-PML samples that I just described, are sufficiently compelling that it should be included in the information available to patients and physicians. We will continue to update you as we make progress along this front. Now, I would like to turn to the rest of our late stage neurology pipeline to update you on our progress during the quarter. Post the result for long release Fampridine tablets at ECTRIMS highlighted improvements in walking speed across the broad range of MS patients and the emerging recognition of the importance of mobility problems facing MS patients. Our market research in Europe and Canada indicates that improvement in mobility is the high unmet need in MS. Physicians believe that more than half of their MS patients suffer from impaired mobility and the percentage is higher when patients are asked directly. We continue to work diligently towards our goal of making prolonged release Fampridine tablets available to MS patients outside of the United States. Our organization is also gearing up for Phase III data readouts and regulatory submissions on our oral MS treatment BG-12. At ECTRIMS, we presented new data on the potential neuro protective properties of BG-12. Oxidative stress is increasingly being recognized as an MS relevant cellular injury mechanism, which contributes to Central Nervous System tissue damage. In primary cultures of human spinal cord astrasite, BG-12 activated the NR-2 pathway and protected cells from death due to oxidative stress. We are on track for data readouts from the defined study during the first half and from the confirmed study during the second half of next year. Site activation and patient enrollment continues to progress for the advanced study of regulated Interferon beta-1a. There continues to be investigator enthusiasm for the product, which is expected to improve the convenience of Interferon treatment for MS patients, thus, improving patient adherance to therapy. As you will recall, this trial is being conducted under a special protocol assessment from FDA. SELECT, which is the first of the two registrational trial of daclizumab, is fully enrolled, and we expect data from this trial in the second half of this year. Daclizumab is believed to work by selectively targeting pathogenic autoreactive T cells without causing immune cell depletion. At ECTRIMS, our presentations reported the increase in CD56bright NK cells that occurs with daclizumab treatment and its correlation to the reduction and gadolinium-enhancing lesions in the brain. Thus, daclizumab would represent an entirely noble approach to treating MS. We, along with our partner Roche, have also announced positive results from the 24 weeks Phase II trial of Ocrelizumab in patients that's relapsing remitting MS. In this study, Ocrelizumab demonstrated reductions in disease activity as measured by gadolinium-enhancing lesions and relapse rate. Specifically, there was a robust 89% to 96% reduction in enhancing lesions compared to placebo. The reduction in annualized relapse rate at 24 weeks was also significantly lower than placebo with the reduction of 73% to 80%. Clearly, these data point to the potential of Ocrelizumab as a highly efficacious therapy for relapsing remitting MS. We continue to diversify our neurology pipeline beyond MS. In August, we announced the licensing agreement with Knopp Neurosciences to develop and commercialize dexpramipexole for the treatment of ALS and potentially other indications. The Phase II data showed favorable dose-related treatment effects and preserving motor function and extending survival. And there is growing interest among ALS investigators as we look ahead to the Phase III trial. Dexpramipexole has received orphan drug designation both in the U.S. and Europe, as well as fast-track designation in the United States. We expect to initiate this trial in the first half of next year. In conclusion, our R&D organization continues to advance our neurology pipeline and make progress on TYSABRI risk stratification for PML. Our efforts position us well for future growth, and we look forward to providing you with updates on new developments in the quarters ahead. With that, I'll now pass the call over to Dr. Francesco Granata, our Head of Global Commercial Operations.
Company Speaker: Thank you, Al, and good morning, everyone. This is a pleasure for me to join you today and report on a very productive third quarter. As this is my first earnings call, I would like to begin by sharing the three key priorities I've been focused on since I joined the company. Hopefully, that will provide some context as I walk through our Q3 performance. The key priorities are: to maximize our commercial business with a special focus on turning around the U.S. AVONEX performance; to literally defend our MS franchise against competition from new therapies; and to strengthen the commercial organization talent. With these priorities in mind, let me begin by reviewing our product performance for Q3 2010, in which combined AVONEX and TYSABRI revenue increased by 10% year-over-year. Let me start with AVONEX. With wide revenue grew by 11%, this is the third quarter of 2009. We continue to see solid demand growth overseas, and the U.S. is starting to show signs of improvement. Outside the U.S., AVONEX unit sales grew by 6% year-over-year. U.S. unit sales grew by 1% sequentially. As George mentioned, this is the first time we have had two consecutive quarters of U.S. AVONEX unit growth since 2004. Why this is too early to draw any firm conclusion? The market performance over the past two quarters appeared to be a break from what has been the plan over the past three years. We have been able to hold market share both in the U.S. and overseas for a few months now. In the going markets, the result is expected as being an increasing unit growth and positive pull through to the revenue line. Moving onto TYSABRI performance, let me preface my comment by saying that I'm going to focus on in-market revenue and demand, while Paul Clancy will provide more detail on how in-market revenue translate into Biogen Idec revenue later in the call. Q3 were wide in market TYSABRI revenue grew by 9%, that was the third quarter of 2009. U.S. in-market revenue grew by 15%, patient grew by 16% and units grew by 6%. Outside the U.S., revenue grew by 4%, however, foreign exchange reduced revenue growth outside the U.S. by 7%. The number of TYSABRI patients outside the U.S. grew by 25%, and unit sales grew by 15%. A decline in patient compared during the fourth quarter of 2009, inventory changes and increased participation in our patient assistance programs close the GAAP between unit demand and patient growth on a year-over-year basis. In early 2010, we instituted a number of educational programs and strengthen our patient assistance programs. These resulted in a stabilization in discontinuation in compliance rates, which have been sustained during the past two quarters. At the same time, we have seen an improvement in the number of U.S. TYSABRI patients ahead. Looking ahead, we feel that our potential growth catalyst for both AVONEX and TYSABRI. Al Sandrock already mentioned the terrific progress our R&D team is making with TYSABRI risk stratification. If successful, we may be able to identify a large sample population of patients that may be at much lower risk of developing PML. Also, we are seeing strong growth in markets outside the U.S. and Europe. In the third quarter, revenue from these market increased by 18% versus Q3 2009. We have not yet launched TYSABRI in China, Japan or Russia and are just now in the midst of the launch phase in India, Brazil and Argentina. With South East Asia, the Middle East and other Latin American market to follow in 2011. We have only just began ramping up our next phase in India and Latin America and have no AVONEX presence in China and several Southeast Asian markets. So, there are still opportunity for both brands as these markets develops. We know that there are a lot of questions about the impact of new therapies on our MS franchise. Let me share our view. We believe that both AVONEX and TYSABRI will fair well as the safety, efficacy, polaribility and convenience of new therapies is evaluated in real-life settings. With AVONEX, patients and physicians can take comfort in stopping in the sting on a therapy that is well tolerated and is well documented nearly 15 years track of record of safety and efficacy over the cost of 1.4 million patient a year. With TYSABRI, we have a powerful efficacy profile, showing significant reductions in both annual relapse rate and importantly, physical disability progression through well controlled Phase III studies and four years of postmarketing experience. For some patient segment, incremental dosing, convenience may be more important than the established long-term efficacy and safety demonstrated with existing therapies increasing a chronic debilitating disease. These new problems would likely meet to the need of some of the approximately 170,000 patients worldwide who are not on therapy today due to profile of currently available treatment. Overall, we feel that we have the best offering for MS therapies in the industry. Accordingly, we have announced our sales and marketing capabilities and are now depending the franchise synergy. During the third quarter, we made progress in several ways. First, we have continued to establish a strong focus on the field force, both in terms of share of voice and quality. We have completed the hiring of a number of experienced sales and marketing leaders. We have strengthened the skills and competencies both of our U.S. sales force and across the entire commercial organization. And we have clearly put our self on impact to be in the highest rate in the neurology sales force in the industry. Second, we have further increase the quality and output of our new global marketing teams. In this respect, we resegmented the market to be more customer need focused and position our problems accordingly. Third, we have significantly increased our focus on customers across the organization. We upgraded the tools and resources available to our sales, marketing patient services and managed market functions. And we have launched new nurse initiatives toward support patient consistency and compliance. Lastly, we continue to build on our sustained profitable growth so we have added field force effectiveness and market especially to expand our capabilities in these important areas. In the coming quarters, I will continue to keep you updated on our progress. In summary, we saw a strong revenue growth in Q3 and the second consecutive quarter of stable AVONEX unit demand. Looking ahead, our commercial infrastructure is trying to vigorously defend our MS franchise against new competition while capitalizing on emerging opportunities overseas. With that, I will now turn the call over to Paul Clancy, our Chief Financial Officer.
Paul Clancy: Thanks, Francesco. I'll review our 2010 third quarter financial results. Our GAAP financials are provided in Tables 1 and 2 of the earnings release, Table 3 includes a reconciliation of the GAAP to non-GAAP results. Let me start with the differences between our GAAP and non-GAAP results for the quarter. First, we incurred $54 million expense related to the amortization of acquired intangibles. Second, we incurred $6 million per stock compensation expense. Third, the Knopp transaction involved purchasing a 30% equity interest and entering into a license agreement for the treatment of ALS. The equity interest resulted in recording in IPR&D charge of $205 million based upon the fair value of the entity, and we incurred a noncontrolling interest offset of $145 million. And finally, there was a $45 million tax impact on all of these items. Our GAAP diluted EPS were $1.05 in the third quarter of 2010. Now move on to the non-GAAP P&L operating performance of Biogen Idec, which we believe that it represents the ongoing economics of the business and reflects how we manage the business instead operational goals. Our Q3 2010 non-GAAP diluted EPS were $1.35. Total revenues for the third quarter of 2010 were $1,176,000,000, an increase of 5% over third quarter of 2009. We have a strong quarter commercially with AVONEX and TYSABRI, both increasing unit sales year-over-year, and together, delivering double-digit revenue growth in our MS franchise. These increase in MS revenue was partially offset by a 9% drop in our RITUXAN revenue as our ex-U.S. royalties continues to expire. Now I'll provide product level detail on our revenue performance. Q3 worldwide AVONEX product revenue was $644 million, an 11% increase over Q3 2009. The U.S. business grew 11% to $387 million in the international AVONEX business, also grew 11% to $257 million. Let me provide insights on some of the key metrics for AVONEX. In the U.S., inventory in the channel ended at 2.2 weeks in the third quarter, slightly above the second quarter, providing a modest benefit. On a sequential basis, as Francesco mentioned, U.S. AVONEX unit increased 1%, solid performance particularly for the third quarter when overall market demand typically softens during the summer months. Internationally, AVONEX units grew a solid 6% versus prior year. International AVONEX revenue benefited from a $17 million gain from hedging, which largely offset the year-over-year unfavorable impact from exchange rates. Moving to TYSABRI. Q3 2010 worldwide TYSABRI in-market product sales were $307 million, a 9% increase over Q3 2009. In the U.S., in-market TYSABRI sales totaled $151 million for the third quarter, a 15% increase over Q3 2009, and a 4% increase sequentially. And internationally, TYSABRI in-market sales were $156 million, a 4% increase over Q3 2009. I'll again provide insight of some of the key metrics for TYSABRI. As of the end of September, we had approximately 55,100 patients on therapy, including about 600 in clinical trials. Units grew 6% year-over-year for TYSABRI in the U.S. and 15% internationally. In U.S., a number of factors impacted the results. The price increase at the end of Q2, while favorable, was partially offset by increased discounts and allowances, some tollpay assistance and the impact of accruals for health care reform. In the U.S., levels of inventory in the channel declined by the end of Q3 by 0.5 weeks, resulting in an unfavorable impact of approximately $5 million. In the U.S., we're witnessing a relatively stable compliance rate, specifically the use of drug suspensions and alternative dosing schedule are in the mid-to high-single digit percentage of patients. This percentage while higher than Q3 2009 has been relatively stable throughout all of 2010. Internationally, TYSABRI product sales were unfavorably impacted by exchange rates on the year-over-year basis by about 7% or approximately $11 million. So while the quarter did experience these impacts, TYSABRI patient evolution continued to perform solidly, growing 2300 patients worldwide for the quarter. TYSABRI product sales for Biogen Idec were $221 million, $61 million in the U.S. and $160 million outside the U.S., which include a $4 million hedge gain. In the U.S., we'll resell TYSABRI to the net price decline year-over-year because we lowered our purchase price to reflect the use of product material that was previously expensed to R&D. This lower U.S. TYSABRI price for Biogen Idec is offset by lower COGS, resulting in a modest benefit on the gross margin and the bottom-line. We've largely completed using this previously expense material, so this particular effect on the U.S. price will not carry forward substantially into the fourth quarter. Now moving onto the RITUXAN collaboration revenues referred to as revenue from unconsolidated joint business. We recorded $258 million in revenue for the quarter, a decrease of 9% on a year-over-year basis. I'll walk through each of the three components comprising the revenue from RITUXAN. First, our share of U.S. RITUXAN profits. Net U.S. RITUXAN sales were $675 million in the third quarter, up 1% over prior year. Our profit share from that business was $204 million. Second, we received revenue on sales of Rituximab outside the U.S., and in Q3 2010, this was $38 million. Royalties were down 42% as our 11 year royalty term expires on a country-by-country basis. Third, in the third quarter, we reimbursed $60 million for selling and developing costs incurred related to RITUXAN. Moving to royalties. Royal treaties were $36 million for the third quarter of 2010, a 4% increase versus prior year, largely due to an increase in our royalties from the medicines company. Corporate partner revenue for the third quarter was $5 million. Now turning to the expense line to the non-GAAP P&L, which includes the adjustments I described earlier. Q3 COGS were $96 million or 8% of revenues. Q3 R&D expense was $316 million or 27% of revenues. R&D expense includes $26 million related to the upfront payment related to the Knopp Neurosciences transaction. Q3 SG&A expense was $241 million or 20% of revenues. Our collaboration profit-sharing lines totaled $64 million in expenses for the quarter. Q3 other income and expense was a $7 million expense due to the declining yields and cash balances in our marketable securities portfolio. We completed, as George noted, the $1.5 billion share repurchase plan announced this April. During the third quarter, we purchased the retired 9 million shares and a total cost of $468 million. As a result, our fully diluted weighted average shares outstanding were approximately $2 million for the third quarter. We're able to return such a significant amount of cash to our shareholders because of our ability to generate robust cash flow. During the third quarter, we generated $420 million of cash from operating activities, bringing the total to the first three quarters to $1.2 billion. Our cash and marketable securities ended the quarter at $1.4 billion. Our Q3 non-GAAP tax rate was approximately 27%, including approximately $5 million in various discreet items. The GAAP tax rate was impacted due to transaction in the quarter as certain charges did not generate a tax deduction. This brings us to our Q3 non-GAAP diluted earnings per share which were $1.35, a 21% increase over Q3 2009. Since George's appointment, we've been evaluating the company's strategic priorities in examining additional meanings of maximizing shareholder value. We anticipate announcing the results of these evaluation before the end of the year which may change the company's financial trend. I'll provide detailed financial guidance for 2010, in conjunction with this communication. Certainly, we feel very good about the execution of our business objectives for 2010, including being on track to achieve our original goal of mid-single digit revenue growth for the full year. So the third quarter was another strong quarter financially with double-digit earnings per share growth and the completion of the share repurchase program. With that, I'll hand the call over to George for his closing comments.
George Scangos: Okay, thanks, Paul. We've been talking for a while, so I'll just give a very brief sum up. I think financially, we increased revenues, we delivered double-digit EPS growth, and we completed return in $1.5 billion in cash to shareholders. NMS, we continued to [indiscernible] momentum by adding another 2300 patients, made significant progress on TYSABRI risk stratification and halted a multiyear trend of declining AVONEX use in the U.S. The breadth and quality of our MS clients and displayed at ECTRIMS was impressive. Moving forward, we'll continue to focus on growing commercial business, optimizing our R&D investments and instilling a sense of urgency in the company. I look forward to updating you on our progress as we begin to implement plans later this year. So I'll conclude by saying that I have a tremendous amount of enthusiasm for Biogen Idec's future, and with that, I will close our remarks and open up the call for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] .
Elizabeth Woo: Thanks, George. Operator, we're ready to open up the call for Q&A. We ask that you please limit yourself to one question, and then, we enter the queue for follow-up questions. [Operator Instructions] Operator, we're ready for the first question.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And your first question comes from the line of Josh Schimmer with Leerink Swan.
Joshua Schimmer - Leerink Swann LLC: Just curious about the JCV assay and if you can get the label amended to include it in next year, will that enable widespread commercial availability? If not, what would it take? And if you've gone 20 for 20 for the patients being positive prior to developing PML with a 2.5% false negative rate, does that mean you ultimately expect to go in like 98 per 100?
George Scangos: It's certainly -- the math would certainly add up. The commercial availability, there's two part regulatory process. One is to get the laboratory tests approved and the others to get into the label. And we're making progress on both fronts. We're in the middle of regulatory interactions on both fronts. So yes, the plan is to -- as soon as possible make the test widely available and have something in our label to how it affects the risk of PML. And yes, the false negative rate is 2.5%, we saw something very similar in the low single digits and STRATIFY 1. Time will tell what the actual numbers turn out to be.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mark Schoenebaum with ISI Group.
Mark Schoenebaum - ISI Group Inc.: So Novartis and Glennie[ph], they announced pretty generous co-pay assistance, I think, that has very little income restrictions. Can you guys maybe review what your co-pay patient assistance programs are? And do you have any plans to update those to deal with any competitor pressures?
Paul Clancy: It really is specific in the United States that we actually have allowed for certain charitable institutions to work with patients. That's currently the process for patients that are seeking AVONEX that need co-pay assistance. We'll continue to look at alternative means along the way.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Eric Schmidt with Cowen and Company.
Eric Schmidt - Cowen and Company, LLC: Kind of a follow-up question to Mark's maybe a little bit of a broader view. I was wondering if Franchesco could just talk a little bit about what you're seeing in the marketplace with regard to Glennia, their share of voice, their message, and how you're combating that impact?
Company Speaker: We have more if you want and a doctor feedback, it's too early to give you very detailed feedback on the reception of delineating the marketplace. We see the capital things definitely, one is that the some of the payor are creating restrictions to access to Glennia, probably because of still not fully documented in a real-life condition risk-benefit profile and the deception that the efficacy, close to the efficacy of the interference. So we have seen some move of even bigger payors toward these directions, creating some stage that access to Glennia. And we also have [indiscernible] portfolio, a market that steel those risk-benefit profiler to be seen in real-life conditions. So from the commercial side, we feel that we are fully prepared to manage the challenge of this new competition. We think that the new orders that we'll have are all in the therapy, we'll bring additional value to the patient while we still think that we have the strongest franchise offered in the MS arena. So we'll continue to stay focused on our communication. We'll continue to upgrade the skills of the communicational skills and the training of our reps. We'll continue to invest in Science to develop new detail on our products and we feel that comfortable in continuing to grow our sustained profitable growth to this focus on our existing portfolio.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Geoff Meacham with JPMorgan.
Geoffrey Meacham - JP Morgan Chase & Co: Question on new ads for TYSABRI, their down sequentially, and I'm curious what your thoughts are, whether this was attributable to seasonality. And then if you did see an impact from the JC virus assay, when would you expect that to help with the new starts? And then, do you have a view that there may be a warehouse effect from new starts on TYSABRI from Glennia?
Paul Clancy: This is Paul. Let me give just a little bit of more color on the data, and then, I'll ask Francesco to kind of give some color in the marketplace. 2300 patients for the quarter in terms of adds. So that's actually quite similar, technically on a weekly basis, I think we're up at a high 170s and we're at the mid-180s in the last quarter. So, I think that's quite frankly, in the magnitude of a rounding error in terms of any change. So, I think what we've seen over the last six months is very, very study steady, sure TYSABRI growth. We're seeing not meaningful changes at between one part of geography or another. So U.S. and international both kind of growing along, and we're not seeing any kind of bump with respect to discontinuation rates, which we, as we've talked about in the past, have a clearer view in the United States only. So I think the trends continue to demonstrate very solid progress for TYSABRI for Q3, Francesco?
Company Speaker: Thank you, Paul. We stayed very focused on our communicational strategy on the favorable risk-benefit profile of TYSABRI. This has been very well received by our customers. Clearly, by the fact that we have added 2300 patients in a moment in which we don't yet fully available the risk stratification. Tools means that the customers confidence in adding new patients, they see our all for TYSABRI in the treatment of their patients, and this is justified by, again, the patients additions but also by the stability of the discontinuation that we have seen over the past couple of quarters. Again, it means that if the customer feels that the problem can bring value to their patients and we'll continue to stay focused on this communication and until we'll have available the risk stratification, hopefully, the risk stratification tool. We'll still think that even when we get the risk stratification, we will see various patients being added to the therapy because of the -- again, high efficacy performance of TYSABRI. And that's all.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Rachel McMinn with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Rachel McMinn - BofA Merrill Lynch: I guess on the TYSABRI question, just a follow-up on Jeff's question. If you had a 15% year-over-year increase in sales and 19% year-over-year increase in price, I think we're just trying to understand what the disconnect is there? Should you only recognize part of the price in the quarter? And then secondly, could you just help us understand what the price differences between U.S. and ex-U.S. AVONEX?
Paul Clancy: This is Paul. Let me try take a crack at each of those questions, Rachel. The 19 -- I kind of tried to outline the -- in broad strokes, the price increase. Behind the price increase, there were certainly, increased discounts and allowances, and that would be on a channel by channel basis. We've had increase accruals related to healthcare reform. That had been going on, obviously, since the beginning of the year. But to some extent it really started in Q2 and Q3. And then, there was a little bit of increase with respect to co-pay assistance in the United States. I think the way to think about is it may take a couple of quarters for the full pull through of the price to kind of be realized and we'll kind of have to see that monitor along the way. With respect to the difference on AVONEX outside the United States and inside the United States, a pretty public information as it relates to inside the United States, outside the United States it is actually looking right now, Rachel. It is roughly -- it's about 50% or 6% of that, but it really can vary on a country-by-country basis to some extent, and it certainly -- we have a portion of our business outside the United States that is distributors and those are kind of individual agreements in terms of what the transfer price is.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Joel Sendek with Lazard Capital Markets.
Joel Sendek - Lazard Capital Markets LLC: On every label change on the laboratory test. You said you want the test to be available ASAP. I'm wondering realistically how long that might take. And then, as far as the label change is concerned, could you cap how likely it is that the FDA will pretty much take your proposal or whether it's going to be protected back and forth regardless of the exact language?
George Scangos: In terms of the test approval, their difference is across the Atlantic. In Europe, it's a pretty straightforward path regarding a CE Mark. In the U.S., it's a bit more complicated and the regulatory landscape is evolving. I think it's probably not wise to comment on exactly what our regulatory interactions are but they are ongoing at this time. In terms of handicapping, again, I don't think it's great practice to handicap what the FDA might or might not say. So we'll top there.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Thomas Wei with Jefferies.
Thomas Wei - Jefferies & Company, Inc.: I just wanted to follow-up on TYSABRI for the quarter. So within beside the price discussion, can you just go over again why TYSABRI sales would have been down 4% sequentially in the U.S. on a unit basis? I'm a little bit confused about that, how we reconcile the growth and the number of patients that you're talking about and what sounds like a very modest impact on the wholesale inventory stacking front with a 4% unit decline.
Paul Clancy: It actually wasn't a modest impact on the wholesale. The biggest impact on the sequential quarter was the inventory build, it kind of pull down from Q2 going into Q3. I think that was the most meaningful impact that we saw quarter-to-quarter.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Geoff Porges with Bernstein.
Geoffrey Porges - Bernstein Research: Just a follow-up on the JCV assay, could you give me a sense of expectations for what the risks, communications, the positions and paces will be because it seems though as if for the PML cases are incurring in patient's to a JCV antibody positive then surely the risk of PML and those patients is twice the risk that is currently quoted on the label so one in 500 or one in 300 or something like that. So in that summary that you said to include in the label and include the communication to patience. And secondly, how are you advising physicians who find out that their patient's JCV antibody positive who are on TYSABRI, how should they handle those patients differently to the patients who are JCV antibody negative?
George Scangos: Well, I think, I think the assay is going to be a risk factor just like duration of treatment by immunosuppressive use which is already on the label. I think antibodies will join those other two risk factors as another risk factor to take into account. And I think that, people who are antibody positive, I think it should come down to an individual benefit risk position. As I said before, somebody has severe MS and they haven't done well on the first-line of therapy and than I've gone up to TYSABRI, that patient should still have a choice as to whether or not they should continue TYSABRI or not. And I would hope that the doctor makes an individualized benefit risk position.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Robyn Karnauskas with Deutsche Bank.
Robyn Karnauskas - Deutsche Bank AG: I guess I have some questions for you regarding expenses, so COGS seems lighter this quarter, and excluding the Knopp expense in R&D, that was also light. So can you help us think about how the model expense is going forward?
George Scangos: The COGS, if you're comparing on a quarter-to-quarter basis, very accurate on a sequential basis. If you recall last quarter, we had a couple of things that brought COGS up a little bit, inclusive of the manufacturing shutdown and bearing the costs related to that. So, I think, we again had a very favorable quarter with respect to very minimal inventory write-offs, and I think that the COGS rate that you're seeing in the P&L right now is probably indicative of future quarters. With respect to R&D, I think, as I said in my comments, I think it will probably be best if we do that along with the in conjunction with the communication before the end of the year in terms of future thinking as it relates to R&D. But this quarter incurred three included about a $26 million upfront payment to Knopp and kind of suffice it from there.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jason Zhang from BMO Capital Markets.
Jason Zhang - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: Question on AVONEX, is there any rate, good to see two quarters up incremental in the U.S. I guess my question is, how realistic do you think that trend will continue and if you pick up the inventory buildup in the third quarter, do we still see Unit in the third quarter and if you believe this trend will continue, what do you think is really the reason for this unit growth and pretty, I'm kind of wrong. What exactly can you pinpoint to your effort that explain this?
Company Speaker: As you remember, we have prioritized, we have been focused on a few priorities and we stayed focused on these. We have, as you remember, increased our investment in the structure both in terms of share of voice and the quality of the sales force. We have increased our communication tools. We have increased the focus on the customers. We have increased patients and customers services, and we have also strengthened the global sanction in order to make sure that we delivered the highest quality, tactical and long-term plans. So we are in the phase of implementing all these actions. We have implemented most of them, but we are still in the midst of continuing the implementation and the execution of these strategies. So largely, we think that this results can be sustained. And wee are confident about our strategy. We think that by improving these area of skills, we can continue our strategy to grow marketshare of our -- to stabilize and grow market share on both our TYSABRI, which is the most powerful tool to defend our franchise best into the new entrance and continue to develop our strategy of sustained profitable growth.
Jason Zhang - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: If you take the inventory buildup, will the unit still grow in the third quarter?
George Scangos: I mean, I think it's right around hovering on flat. So it was on a sequential basis 1%. The AVONEX ended the quarter slightly above in terms of weeks in the inventory. But I would point out, I think, that the broader trend that we're kind of in terms of better performance on AVONEX and the United States on a unit basis, which we have been focused on now since Francesco's arrival still hold true. I mean, Q3 is often time the summer months in Q3 around the world often times quite soft. So we are generally looking at Q3 whether it's AVONEX or [indiscernible], just the MS class at whole. It's kind of softer performance. Certainly, we've seen that in AVONEX through and through. So, I think, we do have two quarters in a row now, two winnings in a row if you will of a very, very good performance.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Yaron Werber with Citi.
Yaron Werber - Citigroup Inc: I have a question about -- just help us maybe understand a little bit. I know that Glennia was priced substantially higher than some of the other drugs out there and there's growing expectations that's going to provide more room for the other drugs in the class or the other drugs in the market, rather to increase prize. But can you help us understand just a little bit on how our pairs looking of this market? Are they sort of agnostic on whether a new drug comes in that provides some novelty whether it's oral and maybe a new mechanism of action and some good potency and they view all the drugs as having pricing power, or do you think there's going to be differentiation from this point onwards, and specially, just given that some of your drugs are pretty much looking at flat unit growth. So I'm just trying to -- also handicap of what to expect in the future.
George Scangos: Early days as it relates to what's the pair reactions, so I think very similar to kind of early days in terms of what's the position in patient reaction, I think it's equally early days, we're trying to keep our ears to the ground on a pair by pair basis trying to understand what the dynamics in the marketplace are, but I mean quite frankly, it's a little bit early days right now.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jason Kantor with RBC Capital.
Jason Kantor - RBC Capital Markets Corporation: I have a question on TYSABRI. Can you quantify the impact in dollar value for this previously expensed TYSABRI, what was the dollar value impact on the topline and also on the cost of goods? You mentioned in your answers to questions about expenses going forward, the COGS level this quarter is something we should expect going forward, but you also said in your commentary that this aspect if it's going away. So are there improvement that we should be factoring in?
George Scangos: No, let me try to explain that, Jason. Just so we all understand. Occasionally, we'll build TYSABRI inventory for clinical trials or for certain new process improvement run. In this instance, we had earmarked it for R&D trials, and as a result, it's expensive to the collaboration. We have excess inventory that we wanted were allowed to bring into the commercial setting. And as a result, we took opportunity for enhanced profitability in the collaboration to do that. That affected our Q2 results, as well as our Q3 results to the way that affects us, Biogen Idec, in the United States is a reduced purchase price to a man. And I think in the third quarter, I don't have it handy, but it seems like a single-digit, millions of dollars price the mid-single digits millions of dollars impact, and we just have largely bled through that inventory. So there's a little bit more to go and in, but it won't be an meaningful impact for Q4 and going forward. I don't anticipate that that's a typical thing that happens for biogenetic going forward.
Operator: Your last question comes from the line of Chris Raymond with Robert W. Baird & Co.
Christopher Raymond - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated: Just a question on health care reform impact. You guys outlined I think an impact this year of $70 million to $90 million when all that stuff came out. And I didn't noticed that you have delineated the impact for the quarter. Can you maybe address that gives us a round numbers and also is there's an update to that impact for the full year?
George Scangos: Thanks for the question, Chris. That was our original when health care reform came at the end of Q1, and we're making assessments as we were moving into Q2. Moving out of our last quarter call, we had narrow that range to be at $40 million dollars to $50 million impact, and that's consistently what we're looking at right now. It is the biggest impact since the expansion of managed Medicaid. That is followed by the additional rebate on Medicaid from 15.1 to 23.1%. So I think we're thinking that as in the $40 million to $50 million range. Now, haven't meaningfully changed our accruals in Q3. And I think that the impact is bled throughout the impact is bled throughout the year as we look at the P&L right now.
Elizabeth Woo: That was our last question. Thank you for your participation in today's call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2010 Q2  (2010-07-20 09:30:00) =====
Executives: Kia Khaleghpour  IR George Scangos  CEO Al Sandrock  SVP of Neurology R&D Paul Clancy  CFO and EVP of Finance
Analysts: Eric Schmidt  Cowen and Company Mark Schoenebaum  ISI Group Geoff Meacham  JPMorgan Yaron Werber  Citi Josh Schimmer  Leerink Swann Rachel McMinn  Bank of America Geoffrey Porges  Bernstein Jim Birchenough  Barclays Capital Thomas Wei  Jefferies Joel Sendek  Lazard Capital Markets
Operator: Good morning. My name is Sarah and Ill be your conference operator today. At this time I would like to welcome everyone to the Biogen Idec second quarter 2010 earnings call.  All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. (Operator Instructions).  Thank you. Ms. Khaleghpour, you may begin your conference.
Kia Khaleghpour: Thank you and welcome to Biogen Idec second quarter 2010 earnings conference call. Before we begin, I encourage everyone to go the Investor section of biogenidec.com to find the press release and related financial tables, including a reconciliation of the non-GAAP financial measures that well discuss today. Weve also posted slides on our website that outline the topics discussed on todays call. As usual, well start with the Safe Harbor statement. Comments made in this conference call include forward-looking statements that are subject to risk and uncertainties. Words such as believe, expect, may, plan, will and similar expressions are intended to identify such statements.  Actual results could differ materially from our expectations and you should carefully review the risk and uncertainties that are described in our earnings slide, financial release and in the Risk Factors section of our most recent annual and quarterly reports filed with the SEC. We do not undertake any obligations to publicly update any forward-looking statements. Today on the call, Im joined by Dr. George Scangos, Chief Executive Officer of Biogen Idec; Dr. Al Sandrock, Senior Vice President of Neurology Research & Development; and Paul Clancy, Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President of Finance.  Now, Ill turn the call over to George.
George Scangos:  Okay, thanks Kia, and good morning to all of you, and thanks for joining us on our second quarter earnings call. Ill give a brief update on the quarter, Al Sandrock will give you an R&D update, and then Paul Clancy will go through the business and financial results for the quarter, and Ill come back at the end for a few closing remarks. So briefly, Im pleased to report that Biogen Idec had a solid second quarter. Revenues were $1.21 billion, up 11% versus Q2 of 09. And as youll hear from Paul in a few minutes, were revising our 2010 EPS guidance upwards. Im also pleased to report that after only a few days here, Im impressed by the willingness and in fact eagerness as well as the ability of the people here to move the company forward aggressively. In the coming months, well focus on the three priorities that I outlined a few weeks ago, defending and expanding the commercial business, taking a hard look at R&D to ensure that we maximize the return on our investment, and infusing a sense of urgency in all parts of the organization. Commercially, that means, doing everything that we can to protect and expand our AVONEX franchise, including a vigorous program to address the likely approval on oral MS compounds. Im pleased to report that AVONEX unit sales ex-US grew 6% versus Q2 09. And, while unit sales inside the US decreased 7% in the same time period, there was a 4% increase in US AVONEX unit sales in Q2 compared to Q1.  Though the numbers are encouraging, its a little early to conclude that our newly invigorated marketing efforts led by Dr. Francesco Granata are paying off. The unit sales of AVONEX will continue to be a major focus for us as we move forward. And, as youll hear from Paul Clancy, weve begun an aggressive program towards that end. Making sure that we identify the proper subsets of patients for TYSABRI is also a crucial importance.  TYSABRI is an extremely efficacious drug that can be life changing for many MS patients. Im pleased that during Q2, there was an average of a 185 net new patients taking TYSABRI each week. I believe that this number reflects the recognition of the remarkable efficacy of TYSABRI. That being said, we owe it patients to identify those subsets of patients who can safely take TYSABRI with reduced concern about developing PML. The JC virus assay that the company is testing is likely to be an important step in that direction. As you know, all 17 patients who developed PML  excuse me  and for whom serum was available prior to the onset of the disease has deposited in this assay. The ongoing STRATIFY 1 and STRATIFY 2 trials are intended to confirm the percentage of MS patients who test positive in this assay and to further explore their relationship between the results in assay and the risk of developing PML.  If, as we postulate, PML develops predominantly or exclusively in patients who test positive in the assay. Patients who test negative could use TYSABRI with reduced concern about developing PML. That could lead to improve therapy from many MS patients. Today, Im happy to say that during the second quarter, enrollment in the STRATIFY 1 trial was completed. And at the end of quarter, over 700 patients had been enrolled in the STRATIFY 2 trial. As you know, we have our own oral compound BG-12 in development. The DEFINE and CONFIRM trials for BG-12 are on track and both are scheduled to be completed in 2011. Additionally, during Q2, we began the trial of BG-12 in combination with interferon and with glatiramer acetate, the Phase II efficacy and tolerability of BG-12 raise the possibility of the combinations of the compound and other MS agents could be to enhance efficacy for many MS patients and this trial is intended to begin to address that possibility. Personally, Im enthusiastic about this possibility, because if positive, the results could lead to enhance therapy for many MS patients, and of course to increase revenues for the company as well. Also, during Q2, we reached agreement with the FDA on a special protocol assessment for the ADVANCE study of PEGylated interferon. ADVANCE is a one-year placebo-controlled trial testing the impact on the annual relapse rate of PEGylated interferon every four weeks and every two weeks. Finally, we made progress in both of our hemophilia projects, long-acting Factor IX and long-acting Factor VIII. If the Phase III trials of these compounds confirm our early data and demonstrate longer duration of action on existing products with an acceptable safety profile, these products will lead to more convenient dosing for thousands of patients with hemophilia. Al Sandrock and Paul Clancy will give more details on our business in a moment. I just want to conclude by saying that Im happy to be here, I sense in the company a strong desire to move forward aggressively and decisively, and Im looking forward to working with the management and the Board to better serve our patients, grow our business and generate increased value for our shareholders.  So, at this point, Ill turn the call over to Al Sandrock for a review of our R&D activities.
Al Sandrock:  Thank you, George. Before I begin, I just wanted to say that my colleagues and I in the R&D organization are very excited about Georges arrival here. His passion for scientific excellence and innovation motivates all of us to believe that science is at the heart of our business. Ill be providing an update on the pipeline a bit later, but let me begin with our TYSABRI risk stratification efforts. As Ive mentioned before, one of our goals has been to provide prescribers with tools they can identify individuals who might be at risk for PML when taking TYSABRI.  We began with a premise that only patients whove been affected with the JC virus are at risk of developing PML. Our hypothesis that our two-step ELISA assay that detects antibodies against JCV will be informative in estimating the risk of developing PML for patients receiving TYSABRI.  Based on testing, nearly 2000 MS patients from STRATA and TYGRIS studies, we find that approximately 50% of MS patients are still positive with our assay. We currently estimate that our assay has a false negative rate of about 2.5%. When we tested archived samples that were available from 17 patients who developed PML while on TYSABRI, all 17 tested positive with our assay.  These samples have been collected 16 months to a 180 months prior to the onset of PML for various reasons, including participation in clinical studies and national registries. With antibody status, were not a risk factor for developing PML, one would have expected that roughly half of these 17 patients would have been antibody positive. So we believe the finding all 17 to be positive was extremely unlikely to be due to chance. Encouraged by these preliminary data, we have initiated two studies to test our hypothesis at the anti-JCV test that we have developed will be helpful to clinicians as risk stratification tools. These studies are STRATIFY 1 and STRATIFY 2, both of which are being conducted in the United States.  As George mentioned, STRATIFY 1 is now fully enrolled and STRATIFY 2 is off to a great start with more than 700 patients enrolled at over 90 sites around the United States. This study which will enroll a total of 8000 to 24000 patients will provide an estimate of the risk of PML in TYSABRI patients test negative in our assay. Our hypothesis is that those who test negative in our assay will have a lower risk of PML than those who test positive.  We plan to show preliminary data from STRATIFY 1 at the ECTRIMS meeting in October of this year. Also, our manuscript on the anti-JCV assay methodology and its potential use as a risk stratification tool has been accepted for publication in the Annals of Neurology and will be coming out in approximately six weeks. We also want to update you on a change to the US TYSABRI label that we along with our partner Elan have just made. After a thorough evaluation of our post-marketing surveillance data, we have concluded that the risk of PML is increased in patients have been treated with an immunosuppressant prior to receiving TYSABRI.  This increased risk appears to be independent of treatment duration and there was a broad range in the time interval between the discontinuation of the prior immunosuppressant and the TYSABRI initiation. Recall that the original label had warned that patients receiving TYSABRI should not be treated with concomitant immunosuppressants. We have added an additional warning about the prior use of these drugs to the existing warning.  Based on data from the TYGRIS observational study, only 13% of US patients and 24% of ex-US patients have had prior immunosuppressant use, whereas about half of the PML cases had previously received these drugs. Thus, there was a disproportionately higher representation of prior immunosuppressant use in the PML cases. The new label changes were posted online as of July 15th. Overall, we continue to learn more about factors associated with the risk of PML and were looking forward to providing data to the MS community to help with their decision-making for treatment choices. Now, I will turn to the progress weve made on our pipeline. We currently have eight programs in late-stage development or in registration. Four are in MS and four in other indications. We continue to make good progress on these programs and expect data on some of them as early as next year. Let me start with our late-stage MS pipeline. Last month, we and our partner Abbott announced enrollment of the first patient into the Phase III trial of daclizumab. The DECIDE study is a two-year study in relapsing, remitting MS, comparing the effect of daclizumab on annualized relapse rate with beta interferon as the comparator. Also, during the quarter, we completed our formal discussions with the FDA and Im pleased to report that this trial is being conducted under a special protocol assessment.  As George mentioned, we recently started a Phase II BG-12 combination study called EXPLORE, which will evaluate whether adding BG-12 can help patients whose MS progresses despite treatment with interferon or Copaxone. BG-12 offers a promising safety and efficacy profile based on its unique mechanism of action and thus maybe a suitable medication to combine with these first-line therapies. We also continued to make good progress on both registrational studies of BG-12 in the monotherapy setting and expect data from the DEFINE study during the first half of 2011 and from the CONFIRM study during the second half of 2011. Site activation and patient enrollment continues to progress for the advanced study of PEGylated interferon beta-1a. During the quarter, we completed our formal discussions with the FDA. And so, as George mentioned, this trial is being conducted under special protocol assessment. Turning to the rest of the pipeline, we recently reviewed the data from two Phase II trials. One a BG-12 in rheumatoid arthritis and the second interferon beta-1a in ulcerative colitis. After an extensive review of the data, we have determined that the results of these studies are not supportive of advancing either of these programs further. In addition, we along with our partners Vernalis, recently made the decision to discontinue development of the Vipadenant, our A2a receptor antagonist for Parkinson's disease in favor of an alternate next-generation compound which we call BIIB34.  Our decision was based on a review of the findings in preclinical toxicology studies of Vipadenant and not the Phase II clinical studies which were positive. We continued to move ahead with the backup compound BIIB34 which was designed to address the chemical structural liabilities that may have led to the toxicity seen with Vipadenant. We continued to make progress on our regulatory efforts on two fronts with RITUXAN and with prolonged release Fampridine tablets. The US regulatory filings for RITUXAN in ANCA-associated vasculitis remains on track for the second half of this year. The RAVE study which was supported by Biogen Idec and our partner Roche was conducted by an international consortium at the NIH.  Data from this study was recently published in the July issue of the New England Journal of Medicine and demonstrated that RITUXAN treatment was as effective as cyclophosphamide which is the current standard of care and inducing disease remission at six months and patients with severe AAV.  RAVE also showed that patients who enter the trial with recurrent severe disease relapse responded better to RITUXAN than to the standard of care. Also in this quarter, the FDA accepted our sBLA filing for RITUXAN as maintenance therapy and previously untreated follicular NHL based on positive results from the PRIMA study. The FDA action date is January 29th, 2011. We are excited about the progress of prolonged release Fampridine tablets through the regulatory processes ex-US and look forward to updating you on our plans to bring prolonged release Fampridine tablets to patients in these geographies at the appropriate time.  Prolonged release Fampridine tablets have the potential to offer MS patients increased independence and improve confidence as patients improve their walking ability. Our market research in Europe and Canada indicates that improvement in mobility is a high unmet need in MS. Physicians believe that more than half of their MS patients suffer from impaired mobility and the percentage is higher when patients are asked directly. Lastly, our hemophilia pipeline has also made significant progress. In collaboration with Swedish Orphan Biovitrum, we recently decided to advance our long-acting intravenous recombinant factor VIII Fc candidate in hemophilia A to the registrational phase. The decision to advance the program is based on promising data from the Phase I/IIa open-label, safety, dose-escalation and pharmacokinetic study in 16 severe previously treated hemophilia A patients and dose levels.  There were no signs of injection side reactions, inhibitor development or anti-recombinant factor VIII Fc drug antibodies in the single-dose study. We will present a detailed results of this trial at an upcoming meeting. In June, the European Medicine Agency issued a positive opinion regarding that Orphan drug application for recombinant factor VIII Fc. A final decision is expected in the coming months. Were excited about the pace with which this program has moved and were hoping to start the registrational trial before the end of the year. Last week, we shared important data on our recombinant factor IX Fc program after World Federation of Hemophilia meeting in Buenos Aires. Data presented from the Phase I/II factor IX study indicated that recombinant factor IX Fc was well tolerated and demonstrated in approximately three-fold increase in half-light compared to historical data for BeneFIX, which would allow for a reduced dosing frequency of once weekly or less. Patient enrollment for B-LONG, which is the registrational trial for our long-acting, factor IX candidate in hemophilia B continues to progress well and we expect data read out in 2012. In conclusion, our R&D organization continues to execute on our pipeline and make progress on our TYSABRI risk stratification efforts. Moreover, were gearing up to potentially file five new products for regulatory approval over the next three years. Our efforts position us well for future growth and we look forward to providing you updates on new developments in the quarters ahead.  With that, I will now pass the call over to Paul Clancy, our CFO.
Paul Clancy: Thanks Al. Ill review our second quarter financial results, discuss our business performance and provide comments regarding our full-year outlook. As a reminder, during the second quarter of 2009, we recorded a $110 million expense related to the ex-US rates to Fampridine. This increased R&D expense, impacted the tax rate, and reduced our EPS in Q2 2009. I simply point this out to keep that in mind for year-over-year comparisons. Our GAAP financials are provided in tables one and two of the earnings release. Table three includes a reconciliation of the GAAP to non-GAAP results. The primary differences between our GAAP and non-GAAP results for the quarter were $53 million related to the amortization of acquired intangibles, $10 million for stock comp expense, offset by $15 million tax impact on these items. Our GAAP diluted EPS was $1.12 in the second quarter of 2010. Now, I'll move on to the non-GAAP P&L operating performance of Biogen Idec, which we believe better represents the ongoing economics of our business and reflects how we manage the business and set operational goals. Our Q2 2010 non-GAAP diluted EPS was $1.31. Before we move through the detail for the second quarter, let me provide four introductory thoughts. First, Q2 was characterized by a number of items specific to this quarter, both positive and negative to the P&L. Specifically, there were three items of note benefiting revenue, including a change in our estimate for healthcare reform on RITUXAN, a one-time gain on RITUXIMAB rest of world royalties and contract manufacturing revenue from the sale of Amevive products.  There were two items of note unfavorably impacting expenses, including that the daclizumab $30 million milestone and charges related to our planned facility shutdown. Ill provide detail on each of these as I walk down the P&L. These items are also itemized in the financial worksheets including in our earnings presentation slides.  Second, we made significant progress on the share repurchase program authorized by our Board in April 2010, reducing the share count in returning cash to shareholders. Third, while the positives outweigh the negatives even without the items I just mentioned, the quarter was very strong financially. Revenue growth was solid and we delivered earnings leverage.  And, fourth, the key operating metrics in the business were solid. Most notably, we increased the rate of growth for patient as in TYSABRI, made excellent progress on the TYSABRI risk stratification trials as outlined by Al, continued to progressively stage pipeline and delivered solid growth from our international AVONEX business.  Now, lets move through the second quarter results in a bit more detail, starting with revenues. Total revenues for the second quarter were $1.2 billion, an increase of 11% over the second quarter of 2009. Q2 worldwide AVONEX product revenue was $628 million, a 6% increase over Q2 2009. US AVONEX product revenue in the second quarter was $371 million, a 1% increase over Q2 2009. Inventory in the channel ended just under two weeks in the second quarter, slightly below the first quarter of 2010.  In Q2 2010, price increases offset a 7% decline in US units sold versus Q2 2009. However, on a sequential basis, units sold increased by 4%. Its nice to see an increase in US units sales on a sequential quarterly basis, but still premature to draw conclusions. Our US AVONEX team is executing on its plan to improve units and market share performance.  This includes increasing AVONEXs share of voice with greater sales effort, improving customer segmentation and targeting, hiring senior level outside sales and marketing leaders, driving patient persistency with nurse initiatives, elucidating the scientific data on AVONEXs long-term safety and efficacy, and driving a much stronger sense of pride and accountability, area-by-area and region-by-region. While much of this is blocking and tackling, we do feel these are the core ingredients needed. Moving to AVONEX international, international AVONEX product revenue was $257 million, an increase of 14% over second quarter of 2009. In Q2 2010, units sold outside the US increased by approximately 6% as compared to prior year. Included in the international AVONEX product revenue was a $15 million gain from hedging. Let me pause here and take a moment to explain our hedging approach as we did manage to mitigate the impact of the weakening Euro in Q2.  Our practice has been to hedge a portion of our projected international revenues using forward contracts. The P&L also has some natural hedge with our international sales and R&D expense. Because of the profitability inherent in each brand, we assign a larger portion of the hedge to AVONEX than to TYSABRI. Generally speaking, we enter into contract after each quarter, so the quarter one year in advance. Our hedges in the most recent second quarter were entered into during Q3 2009 at a weak rate in the dollar. This created the favorable hedge gains.  Now moving to TYSABRI, second quarter worldwide TYSABRI and market product sales were $298 million, a 17% increase over Q2 2009. Product sales for Biogen Idec were $219 million. As of the end of June, we had approximately 52,700 patients on therapy, including about 600 in clinical trials. This translates into net patient adds of approximately a 185 per week this quarter, more than 20% above last quarter. In the US, in market, TYSABRI sales totaled a $145 million for the second quarter, a 16% increase over Q2 2009, and a 7% increase sequentially. Biogen Idec booked $62 million of this revenue. US TYSABRI unit sales increased 15% year-over-year and 9% on a sequential basis. In the US, where we sell TYSABRI to Elan, the net price declined on a sequential quarter basis. This is due to the fact that we used material that was previously expensed to R&D. And as a result, we lowered our purchase price to reflect this. This lower US TYSABRI price for Biogen Idec was offset by a lower cost of goods resulting in a benefit on the gross margin and bottom line. As of the end of June, we estimate that we now have approximately 26,200 patients on therapy in the US. This translates into net patient adds of approximately 77 per week this quarter in the US, more than 40% above Q1. Based on the data from our touch patient registry and follow-ups with physicians, our estimate of the share of US patients who are on treatment suspension or ultimate dosing remains below 10%, unchanged from the first quarter. Q2 international TYSABRI product revenue was a $157 million, a 21% increase over prior year. This total includes a $5 million gain from hedging. International TYSABRI unit sales increased 28% year-over-year and 6% on a sequential basis. As of the end of June, we estimate that we now have approximately 26,000 patients on therapy outside the US. This translates into net patient adds of approximately a 108 per week this quarter, more than 15% above the Q1 average. In the second quarter, FUMADERM was $12 million and corporate partner revenue for the second quarter were $17 million, which includes revenue earned from Amevive contract manufacturing. Now moving on to the RITUXAN collaboration revenues, referred to as revenue from unconsolidated joint business, we recorded $306 million in revenues for the quarter, an increase of a 11% on a year-over-year basis. Ill walk through each of the three components comprising the revenue from RITUXAN. First, our share of the net US RITUXAN profits. Net US RITUXAN sales were $707 million in the second quarter of 2010. Our Q2 profit share from that business was $228 million, up 15% versus prior year as we experienced lower clinical trial expenses.  In addition, results for the second quarter were favorably impacted by a $9 million change in estimated reserves which were recorded in the prior quarter related to healthcare reform. This change in estimate is driven by our expectation now that fewer entities will be eligible for enrollment in the 340B program.  Second, we receive revenue on sales of RITUXIMAB outside the US. In Q2, this was $61 million. This total includes $21 million for cumulative underpayment of royalties owed to us by Genentech on rest of the world RITUXAN sales. This was a one-time benefit recorded in Q2. Excluding this payment, royalties were down as expected from country-by-country expiry.  Third, the second quarter, we were reimbursed $18 million for selling and developing costs incurred related to RITUXAN. Royalties were $30 million for the second quarter of 2010, a 20% increase versus prior year.  Now turning to the expense lines on the non-GAAP P&L which includes the adjustments that I described earlier. Q2 COGS were $107 million or 9% of revenues, the shutdown of our RTP manufacturing facility for plant maintenance and scheduled upgrades increased COGS by $7 million, and COGS also increased due to the end of these contract manufacturing activity. Q2 R&D expense was $328 million or 27% of revenues. R&D expense increased over prior quarter due to a $30 million milestone to FACET for enrollment of the first patient in the DECIDE trial. Q2 SG&A expense was $252 million or 21% of revenue. Our SG&A expense as a percent of revenues may average as much as 22% in total for 2010 as we make investments require to drive the performance of the MS franchise.  Continuing down the P&L, our collaboration profit sharing line totaled $63 million for the quarter. Other income and expense for the quarter was a gain of $1 million.  Im pleased to report that weve made significant progress towards completing the $1.5 billion share repurchase plan we announced in April of this year. During the second quarter, we repurchased and retired 20.8 million shares at a total cost of $1 billion. The pace of this share repurchase program exceeded expectations largely due to a period of weak biotech evaluations.  Our cash and marketable securities ended the quarter at $1.5 billion. Our Q2 non-GAAP tax rate was approximately 25%. The decreased year-to-year in our tax rate was primarily a result of an unusually high tax rate last year due to the impact of the agreement with a Acorda Therapeutics. And during 2010, we also had a favorable impact from an increase in the US manufacturers tax deduction and increased in Orphan drug credits and benefit in international affiliates. This brings us to our Q2 non-GAAP diluted earnings per share which were a $1.31. Ill now take a moment to update you on our 2010 guidance. We expect 2010 revenue growth in the mid single digits unchanged from previous guidance. Based upon our latest estimates, we expect that our revenue impact from US Healthcare Reform to be about a 1% impacts on revenue versus our previous estimate of 2%. More specifically, our estimate is at across all products. The impact will be $40 million to $60 million, which is below the range we provided during the Q1 call.  Outside the US, weve had recently announced price reductions in Germany, Greece, and Spain, which were modestly larger than we had planned. We continue to monitor the situation closely, but currently expect to manage the downward pressure on revenues. And were working hard to mitigate the impact of new competition in the US with the sales and marketing efforts outlined. As a result, on balance, we continue to aim for mid single digit revenue growth. We expect core operating expense in the low single digits, also unchanged from previous guidance. SG&A expense is more likely to be at the high end of our previous 20% to 22% of revenue, due to the commercial investments needed. Nevertheless, as a results of the progress on the share repurchase program, were revising our 2010 full-year GAAP EPS guidance to above $3.82 and non-GAAP diluted EPS guidance to above $4.70. This excludes any unplanned for business development activities. So, in summary, the second quarter was a very strong quarter financially with solid revenue growth and sound earnings leverage. We made significant progress on the share repurchase authorized by our Board, returning cash to shareholders, and the key operating metrics in the business were solid. Most notably, we increased the rate of patient adds on TYSABRI, made excellent progress on the risk stratification trials, and progressed the late-stage pipeline. With that, Ill now hand the call over to George, for this closing comments.
George Scangos:  Okay, thanks, Paul. But this is my  the beginning of my forestay at the company, so obviously I had nothing to do with the Q2 results. So Id like to be the first to congratulate the company here on a solid Q2 performance. The products on which that performance provide a real benefit to patients and Im quite optimistic about their potential as we move into the future.  Now having said that, the realization of that potential is dependent on our ability to execute, making sure that we move aggressively and thoughtfully, to maximize the benefits that our compounds can provide the patients and the returns that they can provide to our investors is the top priority here. As Paul stated, the company began more aggressive marketing efforts at the beginning of the year and will continue to strengthen the focus on AVONEX and push-forward with patient stratification to make sure that both AVONEX and TYSABRI reach the maximum number of appropriate patients. Im also pleased to have several high potential compounds in development. And, again, we have to focus on the high potential part of the pipeline and make sure that we execute. Were also quite focused on costs, which we are  we need to contain. So, in the coming months, Ill outline steps that were taking to maximize near, mid, and long-term revenues at the same time that we keep our costs under control. Ill look forward to updating you all on our progress as those plans evolve. And, with that, well close the remarks and be happy to open up the call for questions. Kia.
Kia Khaleghpour: Thanks George. Operator, were ready to open up the call for Q&A. Well ask that you please limit yourself to one question and then reenter the queue for follow-up question. Please state your name and your company affiliation. Operator, were ready for the first question.
Operator:  (Operator Instructions). And your first question comes from the line of Eric Schmidt from Cowen and Company. Your line is open.
Eric Schmidt  Cowen and Company:  Good morning. A couple of questions for Paul. First of the FX, I got the  the impact on the gains, the hedging strategy for both AVONEX and TYSABRI, but could you give us the overall foreign exchange impact? I assume that quarter-on-quarter rates were less favorable and that may have also impacted the top line.
Paul Clancy:  Yes, youre spot on. Let me try to give you a little bit more detail. Our  we have a number of currencies that we deal with, but the Euro is largely predictive of our P&L, because of the amount of business in Europe and because many of other currencies follow that. On a quarter  a sequential quarter basis, were looking at a spot rate that went down 7%. And the impact on our business was about that across AVONEX, TYSABRI, and a little bit on FUMADERM. So we had a downdraft that was driven by the FX rates of about 7% on our international business or $27 million.  Our hedge gains managed to offset that on  by about $20 million. So, the international business in essence had a 7% headwind from FX. We overcame a bit of that on the top line and then the combination of price, volume, and mix increased revenue by about $16 million for the international business. And then, as I had noted, the impact of foreign exchange that we have a natural hedge from our operating expenses created a little bit of an upside on a quarter-to-quarter basis by about $10 million and all of that is on a pretax basis. Hopefully, that helps.
Eric Schmidt  Cowen and Company:  Yes, thats perfect. And then, second question on healthcare reform, maybe with your evolving views on the legislation and 340B impact. Can you help us understand what do you think the impact will be in 2011?
Paul Clancy:  Yes, 2011  great question, Eric. Were all reaching for that obviously. I think that  I mean certainly were trying to get our arms around what will be new in 2011, which will be the pharma tax. That, I think for us, the current estimate which probably has a big range around it, its probably in the $20 million to $25 million range. But, were quite frankly all estimating total US revenues and whats going to be accountable for in that and with some ambiguity on Orphan products and the like, et cetera.  I think as we spin into next year, the impact that were talking about will  what will be additive is the pharma tax, and then slightly the full-year effect of things like 340B and the increase in the Medicaid rate. So its a  its a little bit more, but it  we think, still think its kind of manageable within the P&L.
Eric Schmidt  Cowen and Company: Okay. And then, one last quick question for Al, you talked about enrollment in STRATIFY 2 being in excess of 700 patients. I actually was surprised that STRATIFY 2 seems to be enrolling more slowly than STRATIFY 1, I would have thought it would have been easier to get patients to sign out for STRATIFY 2 given the  I think lower burden on the patient. Could you explain or discuss any  any thoughts that you have on the enrollment timelines?
Al Sandrock:  Well, I think that theres enthusiasm in both studies. We were kind of concentrating on STRATIFY 1, because we  the first thing we wanted to do is to confirm the prevalence rate, the zero prevalence rate that weve seen in STRATA and TYGRIS. And, second, we wanted to get another read on the false negative rate. So we concentrated our efforts on STRATIFY 1. It is a little bit more cumbersome, because they have to provide urine and plasma, as well as serum, but it enrolled very, very well, and I think well see an uptick in STRATIFY 2.
Eric Schmidt  Cowen and Company: Great, thanks a lot.
Paul Clancy:  Thank you.
Operator:  Your next question comes from the line of Mark Schoenebaum from ISI Group. Your line is open.
Mark Schoenebaum  ISI Group: Hi guys, thanks a lot for taking the question. Maybe a question for George, if I may. Can you update us on plans for the R&D organization in terms of the leadership within the R&D organization? And any early thoughts on  and you spoke about reinvigorating the company  any early thoughts on what exactly you mean by that?
George Scangos:  Sure. Let me take the first question first. Weve begun a search for a Head of R&D. We will carryout that search aggressively and the goal is to get someone in here as quickly as we can. I think Al and his colleagues have done a good job, has taken R&D forward in the absence of an R&D Head, but we need a unified presence here to go forward with the right priorities across the different therapeutic areas and well get that done ASAP. Now, I forgot your second part of that question.
Mark Schoenebaum  ISI Group:
 : The reinvigoration.
George Scangos: Reinvigoration in the organization. I  look, I think there is a  its interesting. Since Ive been here  this is as I said my fourth day, what are my initial impressions here is that people here are anxious, willing, and certainly capable of moving the company aggressively.  Company hasnt had a CEO in a while, hasnt had an Head of R&D in a while. And I think right now we have the ability to convince still a sense of urgency or as I a bring out a latent sense of urgency and  across the organization and down into the troops of the organization to really be aggressive about accomplishing the goal, so talking really about cultural change, and I think the underpinnings here are quite solid, and it wont be that hard to do that.
Mark Schoenebaum  ISI Group:   Actually, I asked what your early strategy is, your philosophy on business development? And then Ill get back in the queue.
George Scangos: Sure. I think we have one of the goals of  that we have and certainly any company like us has is to build the best pipeline that we can and certainly to get the most for the R&D dollars that we spend and I think we have to look equally on the inside and the outside for that and we have to weigh our internal programs against whats available on the outside. And I dont think any company has the best of every projects, right?  And so we have to make sure that were across the industry and as well as an academia to bring in the projects that we think will strengthen our pipeline and to make sure that were spending our dollars wisely. So I dont look at external projects and I dont think the organization should any differently from internal projects, we cant have a non-invented hear syndrome, we have to completely objective and spend our money to get the most bank for the buck.
Mark Schoenebaum  ISI Group:   Would you buy Exelixis? Im just kidding. Thank you.
George Scangos: I should have cut that guy off at three questions.
Operator:  I would just like to remind everyone to please limit yourself to one question. If you would like to ask another question, please queue up again. Your next question comes from the line of Geoff Meacham from JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Geoff Meacham  JPMorgan:  Great, thanks guys for taking the question. When you look at TYSABRI new adds, by our math it looks like guys may have hit a trough in February. And, Im wondering whats driving the up trend since that time is it more comfort with your JC virus assay? And then, are there any  or changes to discontinuations of late as a result of the assay in the STRATIFY sort of rollout?
Paul Clancy:  Yes, this  I think well have Paul  this is Paul and Ill ask Ed  Al to expand on it as well. The second part of your question Geoff, there is not a meaningful change in discontinuations.  Now, as weve talked about in the past, our insights on discontinuations in TYSABRI on some of these questions that you ask is somewhat specific to the United States where we have really excellent line of sight on the data with the TOUCH program. So out of that information, were not seeing a very meaningful change in discontinuation. And, in fact, in the second quarter, it actually improved ever so modestly, but certainly nothing to build a trend.  As we had talked about before, I think that what we saw in November, December, January, February in terms of the trough, I think we do point to kind of the label discussions that were underway on both sides of the Atlantic with the FDA as well as the E&A and that probably likely caused a pause which weve now come out of that and feel very good about. Al, as for any comments to add?
Al Sandrock:  Yes, I guess, I mean, in April, we had a very good meeting at the American Academy of Neurology I think. We first of all said that the JCV DNA doesnt increase in any sort of matrix that we measured, blood, mono nuclear cells, serum, or urine, and this is sort of is contrary to what people have been reporting. And so, we showed data well in over 1400 patients, thousand  tens of thousands of sample tested and we didnt see evidence of JC viral reactivation. That may have helped some people to think about it.  And, second  and, of course, we also  I gave a talk on the antibody test. I think thats why people have enrolled very vigorously in STRATIFY 1 and STRATIFY 2. I think the other thing is, I think theres been some comfort, because weve been  our communication is transparent. We have the monthly updates, theres no  there are no big surprises here, and I think the transparency and communication with the monthly updates, the regular updates may have also helped.
Geoff Meacham  JPMorgan: And just as a follow-up to that related question, can you maybe walk us through the lag with US new adds and then TYSABRI revenues? Ill get back in the queue.
Paul Clancy: Yes, the TYSABRI  I think what youre referring to on TYSABRI revenue, I tried to really point out in the remarks is, in the United States is, really simply a function that in the US we set a purchase price prior to the quarter, that purchase price going into Q2 was lowered as the result of the fact that we were using product material, cost of goods sold, material that was previously expensed in the collaboration. That washed out on the gross margin line and actually it benefited on the gross margin line and a benefit to the bottom line. So its really just a function of the intramurals in the P&L.
Geoff Meacham  JPMorgan: Yes, thanks.
Paul Clancy: Yes, thank you.
Operator:  Your next question comes from the line of Yaron Werber from Citi. Your line is open.
Yaron Werber  Citi: Great, hi, guys. Thanks for taking my question. If you dont mind, Im just going to sneak two questions on the pipeline. One 
Paul Clancy: But no A and B on each of these questions, right?
Yaron Werber  Citi: No, its going to be three parts through each one of these and then Ill have a follow-up. So Im just kidding. For BG-12, the  can you guys help us understand little bit in ulcerative colitis and RA, why did you discontinue? Was it because of potency or is it because of power ability? And Im thinking if you can give us the sense on what you saw in terms of flushing and discontinuations. And then, I had a question on hemophilia.
Al Sandrock: So basically the trial didnt meet pre-specified hurdles of efficacy. That was the main reason. And, in terms of adverse events, we saw no surprises. If anything we saw less flushing actually than weve seen in the MS trial. So really theres a fact that we have these pre-specified hurdles. As you know, theyre quite high for RA, as there are some very effective drugs out there, just didnt meet those hurdles.
Yaron Werber  Citi: Okay. And then, hemophilia, from the B-LONG study, youre expecting data in 2012. Im trying to  Im referring to the European guidelines that potentially it could request an additional study in pediatrics, but you cant start until you have some experience in adults. So help us understand when we  do you need sort of an additional study in pedis for Europe? And, if so, when  when do you think you can file both in the US and in Europe?
Al Sandrock: Well, that will be remain to be seen. Our B-LONG trial can enroll people ages 12s and older. And so there is a pediatric population that would be eligible for B-LONG.
Yaron Werber  Citi: So what about under 12.
Al Sandrock: That will require further discussion. A lot relates to feasibility and what the regulators will require.
Yaron Werber  Citi:  Okay. But in the US, you can file just under B-LONG.
Al Sandrock: Thats our  thats our current belief, yes. And those guidances are draft and the  its true that the EMEA is getting very  they have very strict rules now about pediatric studies prior to approval, but the studies have to be feasible. And, you know, would they delay the approval of a substantially beneficial drug for patients that could reduce infusions to as little as once weekly, would they delay that in favor of asking for people pediatric study for people under 12.
Yaron Werber  Citi: Great, thank you.
Paul Clancy:  Thank you.
Operator:  Your next question comes from the line of Josh Schimmer from Leerink Swann. Your line is open.
Josh Schimmer  Leerink Swann: Great, thanks very much for taking the questions. And, George, I understand youve got some experience in the hemophilia market. Hopeful, maybe you can share some of that as you think about your hemophilia programs. And then any  are there any insights as to what percent of the hemophilia market currently by sales is for the prophylaxis indications? Thanks.
George Scangos:  Well, yes, I mean, I do have some experience in the hemophilia market. I still want to pass myself off as a bona fide expert here, because Im not. But I worked that bear for many years and we got factor VIII, recombinant factor VIII on the market was the first recombinant factor VIII replacing the plasma drive was my unit that did that there. I can tell you that the frequency of administration is a major consideration for patients with hemophilia and providing continuous coverage in a prophylactic setting is important. And I dont know the current percentage, but I do know that that percentage is affected by the convenience of administration. So with a longer acting factor VIII, we could expect to see an uptick in the prophylactic use of the compound, I would speculate. The factor IX, long-acting factor IX with a threefold longer half life if that is worn out in the Phase III trial, that really does provide a meaningful benefit for those patients. The other part of this obviously is the safety of the compounds and the you know some hemophilia patients developed neutralizing antibodies against the clotting factors, factor VIII or factor IX, and so well continue to monitor for the presence of those antibodies as well.
Josh Schimmer  Leerink Swann:   Do you have any sense as to why the antibody rate with factor VIII is materially higher than it is with factor IX? And does that have any implication in terms of the development strategy for the two programs?
George Scangos: Yes, I dont know the reason why I back the late  the data with which I was familiar a number of years ago seem to indicate that the  lets say the frequency of development of inhibitory antibodies was related to the type of mutation that patients had in factor VIII that those patients who had a mutation which resulted in a very little or no factor VIII itself or more likely to develop antibodies in those patients who had virtually intact protein which was not functional for some reason very rarely develops inhibitory antibodies. So factor VIII is an incredibly complex, very large protein with lot of different mutations that leads to hemophilia and I suspect thats the reason why theres inhibitor information.
Josh Schimmer  Leerink Swann: Then, in terms of that aspect inhibiting the timelines of development, do you expect that to be a factor?
George Scangos: No.
Josh Schimmer  Leerink Swann: Great, thanks very much. Congrats on a great quarter.
George Scangos: Thank you, Josh.
Operator:  Your next question comes from the line of Rachel McMinn from Bank of America. Your line is open.
Rachel McMinn  Bank of America:  Thanks. I think my two questions are actually going to be pretty short. The healthcare reform, your change from 2% to 1%, does that  is that all RITUXAN?
Paul Clancy:  Yes, that is primarily RITUXAN. And some of that was obviously a benefit in the first quarter, yes.
Rachel McMinn  Bank of America: Okay. And then in terms of the new TYSABRI label, how does that get communicated to physicians and I recognized that you gave a some of the percentage of the patients you think have to had prior exposure. But do you expect us to have any type of disruptions in the marketplace for patients or whove had prior exposure would be more or likely to come off, what are you recommending to physicians giving those patients?
Al Sandrock: In terms of communication, its on the  its online in the new label. Its also included in our monthly update that that physicians who are  who have  who are licensed physicians can go into our website and look at. And, of course, we hand these out on request to physicians. So thats what we do. I dont think we should be giving a very strict advice on what to do with patients.  I think each patient should be treated individually, their own set of issues that lead to a benefit risk assessment. And so, I would never want to tell a doctor for giving advice based on a single risk factor. If their MS is severe enough and they havent responded to other treatments, they should still consider TYSABRI. And so its an individual benefit risk decision.
Rachel McMinn  Bank of America: Okay, thanks very much.
Operator:  Your next question comes from the line of Geoffrey Porges from Bernstein. Your line is open.
Geoffrey Porges  Bernstein: Thanks very much for taking the question. Just quickly, Paul, could you give us the updated guidance for your tax rate and share count for the year? And, perhaps, also just provide us information about how many of the new patients added to TYSABRI during the quarter were in STRATIFY 1 and STRATIFY 2? Thanks.
Paul Clancy:  So, tax rate, I think the best way to think about it is the benefit that weve seen year-to-date will be effected in the full-year tax rate. I think well be at the lower end of my previous range. I think its appropriate on a non-GAAP basis to be thinking about tax rate for the full year  for the balance of the year in the 27% to 28% range.  Share count, we havent given guidance, but we ended with 20.8 million less  we took in 20.8 million shares in the quarter, we made some progress, a continued progress over the last two weeks, another 4.7 million shares approximately up till the filing of the Q. So, I think that thats the best I can give you on the share count.  With respect to the new patient adds, I dont think that weve discerned the difference or bifurcated the difference between how much came from the trials versus how would have come naturally. The insight on that I think are actually hard to discern.
Geoffrey Porges  Bernstein: Okay, thanks very much.
Paul Clancy:  Thank you.
Operator:  Your next question comes from the line of Jim Birchenough from Barclays Capital. Your line is open.
Jim Birchenough  Barclays Capital:  Yes, hi, guys. Just a two-part question. Paul, could you just give us the sales price to Elan in the third quarter just for modeling purposes? And then, just on STRATIFY, are you seeing any differential behavior in the JC virus negative versus positive patients? And then, finally for Al, just on regulatory strategy around the JC virus assay, is this going to be a CLIA test or youre going to go through FDA and maybe you can talk about what discussions you had with FDA? Thanks.
Paul Clancy:  With respect to the price to Elan, we actually dont disclose that. What I would help you with is that this phenomenon that we saw in the second quarter with respect to working through some prior material that was expensed will continue into the third quarter. I mean, so that hopefully can help with respect to that. Al, the other question was 
Al Sandrock:  Yes, we dont  I think the second question was difference in behavior based on the serology test. We dont have a lot of data on that yet. We will be looking at that more carefully as time goes on.  And in terms of the regulatory strategy, we have had some interactions with regulators in the US and in Europe, but the key regulatory meetings are going to be coming up actually in the fall. And so, at that time, our regulatory strategy will become clear. We do have some very good ideas on where we want to go, but the clarity will come in the fall.
Jim Birchenough  Barclays Capital:  Thanks guys.
Paul Clancy:  Thank you.
Operator:  Your next question comes from the line of Thomas Wei from Jefferies. Your line is open.
Thomas Wei  Jefferies:  Hi, thanks. Just a clarification on TYSABRI rest of the world sales, just with the unit volume actually up and it sounds like only a very modest decline due to currency. Is the rest there these various countries in the price cuts or what is the reconciliation of TYSABRI rest of the world sales? And then just to follow-up on the last question, for those who are new to TYSABRI, is the antibody data making a difference in their decision to start therapy?
Paul Clancy: Let me take the first part of the question, with respect to TYSABRI rest of the world sales on a sequential basis. Actually the hedge gain was modest. The hedge, the foreign exchange impact was not. And that kind of goes back to simply the approach that we have with hedging that its disproportionately attributed to AVONEX versus TYSABRI. So if you strip out the  those two impacts, actually the sequential quarter-to-quarter did grow as it related to the rest of the world sales.
George Scangos:  And, Wei, we just dont have a lot of clarity about whether or not new adds are affected by the antibody assay at this time. We just launched these large clinical utility studies and so. Well get more information I think as time goes on.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Joel Sendek from Lazard Capital Markets. Your line is open.
Joel Sendek  Lazard Capital Markets:  Thanks. I have a question on Fampridine. You mentioned youre excited about the partners that youre making. Im wondering if you can give us any details about how the process with the European regulators is going. And along the same lines, Im wondering if youre doing any prelaunch activities and whats the strategy is to launch the drug over there relative to the  your strategy to reinvigorate AVONEX and to defend against the orals. Thanks.
George Scangos:  Well, I can tell you, weve received the consolidated list of questions and were on track to answer them according to our originally timetable. And so, you know, in terms of pre-market activities, were basically discussing with neurologist how they would use drugs. And thats basically it.
Joel Sendek  Lazard Capital Markets: Okay.
Kia Khaleghpour:  Okay. I believe weve finished our time for our todays call. I want to thank everybody for the participation on the call.
George Scangos:  Thank you.
Al Sandrock: Thanks.
Paul Clancy: Thanks everybody.
Operator: This concludes todays conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2010 Q1  (2010-04-20 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Kia Khaleghpour - IR Jim Mullen - President and CEO Evan Beckman - SVP of Immunology R&D Bob Hamm - COO Paul Clancy - CFO and EVP of Finance Rick Munschauer - VP of US Neurology Medical Affairs 
Analysts: Karim De Felipe - Citigroup Eric Schmidt - Cowen and Company Joel Sendek - Lazard Capital Markets Rachel McMinn - Banc of America Geoff Meacham - JPMorgan Nick - Barclays Capital Joshua Schimmer - Leerink Swann Gene Mack - Soleil Securities Ian Somaiya - Piper Jaffray Bret Holley - Oppenheimer Chris Raymond - Robert W. Baird & Company Jason Zhang - BMO Capital Markets
Operator: At this time I would like to welcome everyone to Biogen Idec, First quarter 2010 Earnings Call. (Operator Instructions). Thank you. Ms. Kia Khaleghpour, you may begin your conference.
Kia Khaleghpour: Thank you and welcome to Biogen IDECs first quarter 2010 Earnings Call. Before we begin, I encourage everyone to go the Investor section of biogenidec.com to find the press release and related financial tables, including a reconciliation of the non-GAAP financial measures that well discuss today. Weve also posted slides on our website that outline the topics discussed on todays call. As usual, well start with our Safe Harbor statement. Comments made in this conference call include forward-looking statements about our expected future results and about healthcare reforms, our operational goals, the market potential of our product, and pipeline advancements. These statements are subject to risks and uncertainties, which could cause actual results to differ materially from expectations. You should carefully review the risks and uncertainties that are described in our earnings release, and in the risk factors sections of our most recent annual and quarterly reports filed with the SEC. We do not undertake any obligations to publicly update any forward-looking statements. Today on the call, Im joined by Jim Mullen, CEO of Biogen IDEC; Dr. Evan Beckman, Senior Vice President of Immunology R&D, Bob Hamm, Chief Operating Officer; and Paul Clancy, CFO and Executive Vice President of Finance. We'll also be joined for the Q&A portion of the call by Dr. Rick Munschauer, Vice President of US Neurology Medical Affairs Now, Ill turn the call over to Jim Mullen.
Jim Mullen: Thank you, Kia. Good morning everyone and thank you for joining us. During first quarter of 2010, we continued to execute on our business strategy and positioned the company for growth over the long-term. Total revenue increased 7% on a year-over-year basis to $1.1 billion driven by 32% year-over-year TYSABRI revenue growth. Two items negatively impacted first quarter earnings, a $13 million increase in rebates mandated by the Patient Protection and Affordability Care Act, and a $14 million write-down on our investment in AVEO Pharmaceuticals. Taken together these items reduced EPS by $0.07. Our non-GAAP diluted EPS for the first quarter of 2010 was a $1.08, an increase of 3% on a year-over-year basis. The company generated $337 million in cash flow from operations and ended the quarter with a $2.2 billion cash balance, and as of the end of March 2010, we estimate that we now have more than 50,000 patients in commercial and clinical TYSABRI therapy. On an operational basis in the first quarter, we launched three new TYSABRI trials that surpassed head-to-head comparative trials that determine the effect of switching from Copaxone or Rebif to TYSABRI and stratify one and two to test the utility of JC virus antibody assay through risk stratification. These studies are the latest in a series of investments we made to clarify the benefits and risks of TYSABRI. We completed a share repurchase program announced in October of last year, which returned $1 billion in cash to our shareholders and received board approval to purchase an additional 1.5 billion of shares. We continue to make significant strides in the development related to the clinical pipeline. Last week, we updated the medical community on our progress of our neurology pipeline at the Annual American Academy of Neurology meeting, where we presented 38 posters on our broad and deep MS pipeline. For more detail on our pipeline and information, we presented at AAN, I will now hand the call over to Dr. Evan Beckman, our Senior Vice President of Immunology Research and Development. Evan?
Evan Beckman: Thank you, Jim. I would like to begin with an update of our registration trial. We continue to make good progress on advancing and developing our late stage clinical pipeline and expect data on some of these programs as early as next year. Preparations are underway to initiate the phase 3 trial Daclizumab. This is DECIDE trial into two-year study of Daclizumab in RRMS patients with AVONEX is the comparator. We look forward to updating you with further details of this study. As previously announced both BG-12 registrational studies DEFINE and CONFIRM have completed patient enrollment and the trials continue on plan. We expect data from DEFINE during the first half of 2011 and from CONFIRM during the second half of 2011. We continue enrolling patients in the ADVANCE study of PEGylated interferon beta-1a and in a Phase 3 study of GA101 for frontline chronic lymphocytic leukemia in combination with Chlorambucil. Enrollment for a second registrational trial in Rituxan-refractory indolent Non-Hodgkins lymphoma patients is planned to start during the second quarter of 2010. Patient enrollment for B-LONG, which is the registrational trial for our long-acting, recombinant Factor IX candidate in hemophilia B continues to progress well. Last week, we shared important data on our neurology franchise at the American Academy of Neurology annual meeting, where we demonstrated the strength and the quality of our neurology pipeline with 38 company-sponsored platform and poster presentations. Nearly four years after its reintroduction in the US and initial launch in the EU, we continue to demonstrate the powerful efficacy of the TYSABRI offers relapsing multiple sclerosis patients. Key data presentations reinforced the growing body of evidence that TYSABRI is an important therapeutic option for patients and may lead to overall improved quality of life for MS patients, from improvement and physical function, cognition and visual function to reduce fatigue. We take the issue of PML very seriously with each case of PML there is the potential to learn something new about this rare, but serious adverse event. To this point, Dr. Rick Rudick presents a data from our retrospective analysis of patients enrolled in the STRATIFY trial which show that TYSABRI does not lead to substantial changes in the presence of JC virus DNA in blood or urine samples of MS patients. During the first quarter, we initiated three important trials related to TYSABRI, STRATIFY 1 and 2 and SURPASS. As discussed during the platform presentation at AAN, we have developed the blood test that detects antibodies to the JC virus, the virus that causes PML. The presence of the antibody to the virus suggests that a patient has been previously exposed to the JC virus. While the data are still preliminary, this assay may provide a tool for physicians to stratify the risk of PML in their MS patients. To recap what we know today, for 13 TYSABRI treated PML patients, where we have baseline plasma samples, all 13 of them were antibody positive for one to three years before developing PML. If antibodies status was not a factor for developing PML, we would only have expected six or seven to be positive based on our data that 54% of MS patients have been exposed to the virus previously. So, our hypothesis is that there may be a lower risk for developing PML in TYSABRI treated MS patients who are antibody negative. To confirm this hypothesis, we have initiated two clinical trials. STRATIFY 1 is designed to determine the percentage of the MS patient population thats positive for JC virus antibodies as well as the false negative rates for the blood test. We expect to enroll 1,000 patients in this trial, inclusion criteria are current TYSABRI patients enrolled in [Touch] or patients who are not currently on TYSABRI but are considering beginning TYSABRI treatment. For this trial, we will be testing for JC virus antibody in the blood and testing for the presence of JC virus DNA in the urine every six months for two years from the time of enrollment. STRATIFY II is designed to evaluate whether the incidents of PML and TYSABRI patients were negative for the JC virus antibodies is less than the incidents among TYSABRI patients who were positive for the antibodies to JC virus. STRATIFY II is expect to enroll a minimum of 8000 patients and is open to all types of prescribers. In this trial we'll be testing for the JC virus antibody only in the blood and on an annual basis for two years from their time of enrollment. Our goal is to ultimately provide neurologist and MS patients with tools to stratify risk. Our thinking here is that within the context of the clinical trial, whether it's prospective analysis of the data with the best opportunity to validate and determine the clinical utility of this assay. Our hope is that over the long-term the JC virus assay may help physicians to make better treatment decisions for MS patients. Moving onto SURPASS, our objective with this study is to provide a new model for making optimal treatment decisions in order to improve the outcomes of patients with MS. SURPASS will be the largest prospective study to provide comparative data regarding the management of breakthrough disease in MS. Amongst MS specialists there is an evolving standard of care that when a patient on first-line MS therapy presents with either clinical or MRI evidence of disease activity, modification of treatment needs to considered. Yet, there is no evidence confirming whether switching MS therapies results in improved outcomes. In the SURPASS trial, we're enrolling MS patients initially treated with the Rebif or Copaxone for least six months. We subsequently experienced either a clinical attack or two or more new MRI lesions. Patients would then be randomized to one of three arms. The first is to continue on the initial therapy, the second converting to the other first-line therapy or third converting to TYSABRI. SURPASS has a target enrollment of 1800 patients, at 230 sites worldwide, we expect they will provide important data on whether early identification of breakthrough disease, and subsequent modification of therapy improves patient outcomes. We expect the study to be completed in 2013, our goal with SURPASS and the STRATIFIED trials is that combined these studies will provide physicians with powerful tools for informed treatment decisions, such as improved techniques for stratifying the risk of PML in MS patients on TYSABRI. Now an update on the rest of our pipeline, during the first quarter we along with our partner Roche decided to suspend treatments of patients in the Ocrelizumab rheumatoid arthritis program. This decision followed the recommendation of the independent Ocrelizumab RA & Lupus Data and Safety Monitoring Board, based on their assessment that safety risk, outweigh the benefits observed in these specific patient populations. We recently announced that the primary endpoint was met in the Phase III SCRIPT study of Ocrelizumab in the TNF IR RA patients. The future of the Ocrelizumab RA clinical programs is currently under review as we and our partner will have to consider these recent results along with the complete safety data set The Ocrelizumab program in relapsing remitting MS remains ongoing at this time. However the MS Data Safety Monitoring Board will be reviewing the safety data, from the RA Lupus and MS files. We previously announced that the MS study achieved its primary end point and we continue to discuss the next steps for Ocrelizumab MS program with our partner Roche. Turning to oncology. As you may recall during the third quarter earnings last year, we announced that we had stopped patient recruitment, in the lumiliximab LUCID trial. We recently reviewed the data for the lumiliximab trials in both relapsed and the front line CLL and determined that the results do not support continuing the program. Next an update on our blood factor programs. As we announced in January, the global registrational trial for a long-acting recombinant Factor IX candidate in hemophilia B continues to enroll patients. We planned to present results of the Phase 1/2 Factor IX study in July at the World Federation of Hemophilia meeting in Buenos Aires. Additionally, the Phase 1/2 study of our long-acting recombinant Factor VIII program is progressing well and we expect to redial from this study later this year. Recombinant Factor IX Fc is the first major blood factor innovation since the development of recombinant drugs in the 1990. We believe that our long-acting blood factor programs have the potential to significantly improve the lives of people with hemophilia and as a result expand the hemophilia market opportunity. Recombinant Factor IX Fc offers the hope of less frequent injections and prolong protection from bleeding compared to existing therapies. Our goal in developing the long-acting blood factor candidates is to change the treatment paradigm in hemophilia with more prophylactic usage. Current short-acting treatments require in two to three infusions per week for hemophilia B and three to four infusions per week for hemophilia A, dont lend themselves to easy prophylactic usage. Well, most children with severe hemophilia are already on prophylactic regimen based on the compelling outcome studies giving frequent IV infusions to children, places are significant burden on parents. For young children prophylactic dosing also frequently requires placement of a central catheter or port, which introduces risk of serious infection. For adults with hemophilia, episodic or on-demand treatment is more common despite the clinical benefits to prophylaxis. Recombinant Factor IX Fc has the potential to lower the hurdle for prophylactic treatment of hemophilia B in both the pediatric and adult populations. Looking forward, we expect to announce data readouts in seven clinical studies throughout the remainder of this year as well as data presentations at several medical meetings. We expect to readout from the TARGET study, which is the Phase II trial of Galiximab in combination with RITUXAN in follicular NHL during the fourth quarter of this year at a medical meeting. We have completed enrollment in two out of three pivotal studies for Lixivaptan in hyponatremia. These multinational studies include the balance trial, a 650 patient study that enrolled patients with heart failure and the Leber trial, a study of in-patients with the syndrome inappropriate antidiuretic hormone hypersecretion, or SIADH. Top-line data readout for these two studies is expected during the second half this year. We continue to make advances on our other pipeline programs with readouts for the Phase II trials of AVONEX in ulcerative colitis, and BG-12 in rheumatoid arthritis, both expected during the second half of 2010. We expect to present data from four of the Phase III studies of Ocrelizumab in RA at the American College of Rheumatology Annual Meeting. These include data from the STAGE, FEATURE, FILM and SCRIPT trials. For the Ocrelizumab MS program, we previously announced positive top-line data from this trial in Q4 2009 and in October of this year, we planned to present data at ACTRIMS. Data announcement from the Phase III PRIMA study of RITUXAN as a [latent] therapy for indolent non-Hodgkin lymphoma is planned in oral presentation of the upcoming ASCO Annual Meeting. Last September, we announced that this study met its primary endpoint of progression free survival during a pre-planned interim analysis. We, along with our partner Roche, also planned data presentations at upcoming medical meetings on our anti-CD20 monoclonal antibody, designed specifically for use in oncology, GA101. Specifically, we expect data presentation from the Phase II portion of the Phase I/II study of GA101 an indolent NHL in June at the European Hematology Association meeting in Barcelona. Also, we planned to present data from the Phase II portion at NHL and CLL patients at the American Society of Hematology meeting in December. Along with advancements on our clinical programs, we continued to make progress on our regulatory efforts. Recall that earlier in Q1 we received FDA approval for RITUXAN in combination with fludarabine and cyclophosphamide for previously treated and untreated CD20-positive chronic lymphocytic leukemia. We continue efforts aimed at expanding the RITUXAN label with additional indications. Last month we submitted supplemental Biologics License Application to the FDA and EMA to expand the RITUXAN label in non-Hodgkin's lymphoma to include maintenance treatment for previously untreated patients with advanced follicular lymphomas. We based our submissions on Phase 3 PRIMA study data. The US regulatory filings for RITUXAN in ANCA-associated vasculitis also remained on track for the second half of this year. We continue to expand on the regulatory efforts with prolong release Fampridine outside of the US. We have filed for approval in the EU, Canada, Switzerland, Australia and New Zealand and expect to have more filings. We are excited for the anticipated ex-US launch of prolonged release Fampridine. Data presentations at AAN highlighted consistent improvements in average walking speed for MS patients last week. In conclusion, we continue to make progress in our pipeline and our R&D organization continues to perform well. We are currently supporting 76 trials with more than 4700 patients across more than 1200 sites worldwide. Our efforts position us well for future growth and we look forward to providing you updates on new developments in the quarters ahead. With that, I will now pass the call over to Rob Hamm, our Chief Operating Officer.
Bob Hamm: Thank you Evan. In the first quarter, AVONEX, TYSABRI and RITUXAN, generated combine worldwide revenue for Biogen Idec of 1.1 billion, up 7% year-over-year with continued growth in our core MS business more than offsetting a decline in RITUXAN royalty revenue. As Jim mentioned, TYSABRI exceeded 50,000 patients. While TYSABRI continued to add patients during the quarter, patient growth during the first half was modest. We saw a rebound in March when we added more than 190 patients per week. Importantly the moderation in patient growth during the first half of the quarter was a result of a decrease in new patient starts not an increase in discontinuations. We have seen this pattern in the past when physicians and patients have taken the time to absorb new information regarding PML risk. In this case, we suspect a label change to reflect the increase risk of PML with increased duration of therapy may have been the cause. Also, we have seen a deceleration in patient growth in Germany where there is still a high level of PML discussion. The safety concern in Germany may have been amplified by Dear Doctor letters sent to physicians during the first quarter. We also see evidence of a modest increase in drug suspensions. In order to better understand the impact this is having on TYSABRI use, we regularly ask our patients and physicians about their dosing preferences, while at the same time monitoring our TOUCH data on US compliance in discontinuations. What we have found is that most of the physicians who discuss this option with their patients allow them to make their own decisions based on their own unique situation. Based on our data from the TOUCH program and from physician and patient interactions, we estimate that at the end of March, less than 10% of all US TYSABRI patients were under drug suspension. We plan to continue to follow this trend closely. The impact of this can be seen as a modest decline in net revenue for patient as most physicians in the US do not discontinue their patients from TOUCH during drug suspension. Since our re-launch in 2006, we have had questions about the impact of research initiatives on TYSABRI's adoption. Most recently there has been interest in our work on the JCV antibody aspect. Long-term, we believe that it is important for neurologist in MS patients to have more information clarifying TYSABRIs benefit and risk for individual doctor-patient benefit risk discussions. So while our net patient growth may moderate to observe this new information over the short-term, we've disciplined ourselves to keep perspective onwards is best for the long-term adoption of the product. Now an update on AVONEX, the franchise generated $593 million in global revenue during the first quarter of 2010, an increase of 7% year-over-year. AVONEX Q1 sales benefited partially from a 5.5 price increase in the US on 26 February.  Our new US commercial team is now largely in place and showing renewed energy and focus. The new US team has accessed our US AVONEX commercial strategy and indentified three areas we can address in order to arrest the decline of our AVONEX US market share. The first is sales force effectiveness, we need to have reemphasized clinical selling and focus calling programs on key customers. We were examining multiple options to increase our interactions with physicians. The second is tactical marketing execution, AVONEX has compelling long-term efficacy data but that message has been lost over the past few years. Our CHAMPIONS ten-year data brought that message back into focus and is starting to resonate with physicians. Now we need to build on that as we continue to mass evidence of AVONEX long-term efficacy. The third area we need bear leverage is our patient services. Biogen Idec has been a pioneer in this area and we need to reestablish the premise of this as a competitive advantage. We have an extremely talented organization and research channel partner in (Carolina) that has been doing some great work with therapy support. We know that patient participation program increases product compliance. Over the next few months we will be launching programs to increase patient participation in therapy support. Outside the US, our sales force has been highly effective and our marketing message has been cleared in step with the local market. We have a strong international leadership team in more than a dozen years of experience selling directly to markets outside the US. Structurally one thing that has facilitated our effectiveness overseas has been our affiliate model. We have a local presence in each of our direct markets with experienced sales force and programs tailored to local patients and physicians. In my opinion these are the factors that make AVONEX the number one MS therapy outside the US and inform our updated strategy within the US. Next, an update on RITUXAN. RITUXAN Q1 revenues to Biogen Idec were $255 million, down 9% year-over-year. This decline was driven by the continued exploration of royalties on revenues outside the US. Our US RITUXAN profit share was up 12% on a year-over-year basis and 4% on a quarter-over-quarter basis driven by increased demand in the hematology and oncology settings and some restocking in the channel. Finally, quick update on prolonged release Fampridine, marketed as AMPYRA in the US by Acorda Therapeutics. Our plan for launching outside the US continues on schedule. During the first quarter, we assembled an international prolonged release Fampridine advisory board of neurologists from 14 countries. This advisory board provides scientific input in the potential prolonged release Fampridine launch and subsequent product life cycle management. The advisory board held their first meeting in January in parallel with our supply chain team continues preparation to enable appropriate compassionate use programs and name patient supply. We look forward to upcoming discussions with the regulators now that launches potentially less than a year away. With that, I will now turn the call over to Mr. Paul Clancy our Chief Financial Officer.
Paul Clancy: Thanks, Bob. I'll review our 2010 first quarter financial performance. Our GAAP financials are provided in tables 1 and 2 of the earnings release table 3, includes the reconciliation of GAAP to non-GAAP results. The primary differences between our GAAP and non-GAAP results for the quarter were $49 million related to the amortization of acquired intangibles, $40 million for the contingent consolidation payment associated with the Syntonix acquisition, $12 million from employee stock option expense and $5 million for severance and restructuring. All of these, offset by a $27 million tax impact on these items. Our GAAP diluted EPS was $0.80 in Q1 2010. Now, I'll move on to the non-GAAP P&L operating performance of Biogen IDEC, which we believe better reflects the ongoing economics of the business and reflects how we manage the business internally and set operational goals. Our Q1 non-GAAP diluted EPS was $1.08. The quarter was negatively impacted by two items. First, we incurred a $14 million charge resulting from the impairment of our strategic investment in AVEO Pharmaceuticals following their initial public offering in March. Second, we were impacted by US Healthcare Reform. Specifically, revenues were reduced by $13 million due to the recently approved Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act. In the quarter, we specifically incurred additional discounts from three changes. First, the change in the minimum Medicaid rebate from 15.1% to 23.1%, which took effect retroactive to January 1st. Second, the expansion of Medicaid rebates to managed care organizations that dispense drugs to Medicaid beneficiaries, which took effect on March 23rd as the law was enacted, and third, the expansion of 340B Public Health Services Drug Pricing Program, which provides outpatient drugs at reduced rates to include certain hospitals, clinics and healthcare centers. This was effective retroactive to January 1st. These additional discounts impacted each of our products as noted on our slide in the earnings presentation. The AVEO impairment combined with the impacts of healthcare reform, unfavorably impacted EPS by $0.07. Now, let's move to the first quarter results in a bit more detail starting with revenue. Total revenue for the first quarter of 2010 was $1.1 billion, a 7% growth over the first quarter of 2009. Q1 product revenue grew double-digit to $824 million, a 12% growth over Q1 2009. I will start now going through our products revenues with AVONEX. Q1 AVONEX worldwide product revenue was $593 million, a 7% increased over Q1 2009. US AVONEX product revenue in the first quarter was $350 million, a 3% increase versus prior year. US AVONEX inventory in the channel ended at about two-and-a-quarter weeks in the first quarter. In Q1, units sold in the US declined approximately 9%, as compared to Q1 2009. This was offset as Bob noted by price increases. Unemployment continues to impact our US AVONEX trend as free goods once again increased. Q1 international AVONEX products sales were $243 million, a 13% increase over Q1 2009. In Q1 2010, units sold outside the US increased approximately 4% as compared to prior year. Q1 TYSABRI worldwide product sales were $219 million for Biogen IDEC, a 32% increase over Q1 2009. As Bob mentioned TYSABRI patient growth moderated in the quarter likely the lagged effect of label discussion with FDA and EMEA. Nevertheless, we are encouraged by the trajectory we saw in the last month of Q1 specifically we estimate our net patient adds in the month of March pick backup to average approximately a 190 per week. In the US, end-user TYSABRI sales totaled $135 million for the first quarter, a 17% increase over Q1 2009. Biogen Idec booked $60 million of revenue of this amount. Q1 international TYSABRI product revenue was $158 million, a 42% increase over Q1, 2009. Q1 (Fampridine) revenue was $13 million. Now moving on to the RITUXAN collaboration revenues referred to as revenue from unconsolidated joint business. We recorded $255 million in revenue for the quarter, representing a decrease of 9% on a year-over-year basis. Our RITUXAN revenues have broken down into three components. First, our share of the net US RITUXAN profits, net US RITUXAN sales were $687 million in the first quarter of 2010, up 7% versus prior year, benefiting from demand in channel restocking. Our Q1 2010 profit share from that business was $200 million, up 12% versus prior year. Second, we received revenue on sales of rituximab outside the US and in Q1 this was $38 million, down 54% versus prior year as royalties from individual countries have expired. Third, in the first quarter, we've reimbursed $16 million for selling and developing cost incurred related to RITUXAN. Royalties were $26 million for the first quarter 2010, an 8% increase year-over-year. Now turning to the expense lines in the non-GAAP P&L, which includes the adjustments that I described earlier. Q1 COGS were $97 million or 9% of revenues, benefiting from fewer inventory write-offs. Q1 R&D expense was $303 million or 27% of revenues. This represents a 9% increase over the prior quarter and 10% increase over the prior year, due primarily to an additional $19 million in expense we assumed as a result of a restructured collaboration agreement with Swedish Orphan Biovitrum for our blood factor programs. In essence, we are now bearing the full development and manufacturing expenses for the Factor IX and Factor VIII programs in exchange for more favorable downstream economics in streamlined roles. Additionally, at our large scale facility in RTP, we redeployed the manufacturing activity to clinical programs away from commercial production which reduce the amount of expense that is normally capitalized to the balance sheet. This adds an additional $30 million of R&D expense during the quarter. These two impacts were somewhat offset favorability from recent program decisions. I'd also note that during the second quarter this year, we anticipate that we may make a $30 million milestone payment to Facet Biotech, our partner in Daclizumab due upon initiation of the Phase 3 DECIDE trails. Q1 SG&A expense was $234 million or 21% revenues. As mentioned during our last call, our SG&A expenses percentage of revenues may average as much as 22% in total for 2010, as we prepared to defend our MS franchise, against potentials new competitors. Continuing down the P&L, our collaboration profit sharing line totaled $64 million in expense for the quarter, representing our payments of profits outside the US to Elan and the reimbursement of third-party royalties incurred by Elan outside the U.S. Other income and expense for the quarter was a loss of $8 million driven by the $14 million charge from the impairment of our investment in AVEO Pharmaceuticals as previously mentioned. Our cash in marketable securities position ended the quarter at $2.2 billion, down from year end, mostly due to purchase of treasury stock. Our Q1 non-GAAP tax rate was approximately 25%. The Q1 tax includes the $6 million one-time benefit related to restructuring of an international entity. This brings us to our Q1 non-GAAP diluted recurring per share, which were $8. Now let me share the progress we've made with respect to our share repurchase program. During the first quarter of 2010, we repurchased and retired 10.5 million shares at a total cost of $578 million As a result we completed the billion dollar share repurchase program announced during the fourth quarter of 2009. In total since the October authorization we purchased 25.3 million shares for a total cost of $1.3 billion including approximately 6 million shares earmarked for share stabilization. Biogen Idecs average shares outstanding were approximately 273 million for the first quarter. Last week the board approved an additional $1.5 billion share repurchase program with the objective or returning excess cash to share holders. The authorization is open ended and our intention is to execute the program in the open market at a more likely and more deliberate pace. Our decision to repurchase more shares is influenced by a number of factors including the continued improvement in the credit markets, our outlook in the cash flow generation of the enterprise and the potential for our product initiatives in pipeline maturation. We continue to have the flexibility in capacity to pursue meaningful strategic investments.  Turning to the full year outlook, were leaving our financial guidance unchanged from previous communication. We estimate healthcare legislation, will reduce our revenue by approximately $70 million to $90 million for the year or about 2%. These reductions are due to the increase in medicate rebates, the expansion of hospitals eligible for 340(B) pricing and the extension of medicate rebate to managed care organizations. Nevertheless, the longer-term impact on our business can be less unfavorable as expansion of patients who are currently uninsured and prescription drug coverage for patients in Medicare part D, Doughnut Hole takes affect in future years and Biosimilar legislation including the 12-year data exclusivity on biologic therapies can be quite positive. The balance of your market impact of both, potential new competition and data provided in the context of our JCV Antibody Assay trial is equivocal. We'll monitor closely the TYSABRI trends over the next few months as patients and physicians adjust to new information. Regardless, we believe that our initiatives to provide more clinical data on the benefit risk equation can poise TYSABRI for strong growth over the long-term. In conclusion, our core business delivered a solid quarter. Total product sales grew by 12%. We are marking progress on our late-stage pipeline and we continue to generate strong free cash flow. We faced new headwinds this quarter, yet, we'll continue to keep our focus on the long-term. From that perspective, we are in an enviable position. Our pipeline feature six products in registrational trials, we have several intriguing TYSABRI initiatives underway, and we generate sound cash flow allowing us to return capital to shareholders. I'll now hand the call over to Jim for his closing comments.
Jim Mullen: Thank you, Paul. In summary, the first quarter introduced some top line pressure that we are aggressively working to counter, but we continue to deliver bottom line growth and strong cash flow. We're focusing on advancing our enviable late stage pipeline with six programs in registrational trials. Overall, we made progress on a number of strategic initiatives intended to position the company for long-term growth. With that Kia will now open up the call for Q&A.
Kia Khaleghpour: Operator, we are ready to open up the call for Q&A, we'll ask that you please limit yourself to one question and reenter the queue for follow-up question. Please state your name and company affiliation. Operator, we are ready for the first question.
Operator: Your first question is from the line of Yaron Werber from Citi.
Karim De Felipe - Citigroup: It's actually Karim De Felipe calling in for Yaron. I have a question on AVONEX. I have a question on AVONEX. Regarding the sequential decline in sales, even despite the price increase, I was wondering if you could give us more color on what the volume trends were for the quarter?
Paul Clancy: This is Paul. Thanks, Karim. In the United States, we saw year-over-year decline of about 9%, outside the United States increase of mid single-digits. I think the trend in the United States does partly to continued pressure from unemployment and this is actually our free drug program increasing for AVONEX in the quarter versus the over the last couple of quarters.
Karim De Felipe - Citigroup:  Got it. Could you also give me the FX impact for AVONEX?
Paul Clancy: The FX impact for the total business was about a positive 3% on a year-over-year basis and that is net of hedging in net across all of the products.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Eric Schmidt of Cowen and Company.
Eric Schmidt:  Yes, just wondering about the share repurchase plan. Its quite substantial whats should we read into that is anything regarding strategic alternatives, kind of broader use of cash etcetera and then Paul, if you could provide the share count at the end of Q1 that will be very helpful.
Cowen and Company:  Yes, just wondering about the share repurchase plan. Its quite substantial whats should we read into that is anything regarding strategic alternatives, kind of broader use of cash etcetera and then Paul, if you could provide the share count at the end of Q1 that will be very helpful.
Paul Clancy: I'll start with the backend questionnaire. The average shares outstanding on diluted basis was approximately 273 million were probably about 4 million or 5 million shares underneath that as of March 31, 2010. I wouldnt read too much into it. With respect to the strategic agenda, we continue to work earnestly as alternatives for the strategic agenda. I just point to the comment I made that we still have adequate financing capacity. I think our confidence in the credit markets, thats right or wrong, is certainly much better than it was a year ago. So you still want to judge us in terms of our capability with respect to financing capacity as well and I really just point you the fact that it does underscore a strong free cash flow generation for the enterprise.
Operator: Your next question comes from Joel Sendek of Lazard Capital Markets.
Joel Sendek - Lazard Capital Markets: I had a question about the TYSABRI drug suspensions. I am just a little confused here because clearly the -- what you said about the new patient adds in March shows a trend upward but yet if I compare what you said about drug suspensions now versus last quarter, it looks like they are up. I know it's from last quarter, say there is about 5% patients on drug suspensions and now it's about 10%. So can you reconcile that, please?
Bob Hamm: Sure. This is Bob Hamm. What we saw, beginning in the fourth quarter was the duration story unfolding was a slight increase in the suspension story. I dont believe we said TYSABRI, look at single digits at the time high single digits and we have looked at that closely. The issue is we only have data for the US which is now only half the patients. So what we are saying is what we can gleam from the US data only, so thats about all we can say on it at this point.
Evan Beckman: The other thing Joel I would just add is that many of those patients that Bob referred to as in drug suspension can stay in our patient database in the United States. So the reconciliation between the two is really more made-up in the average share price per patient.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Rachel McMinn of Banc of America.
Rachel McMinn - Banc of America: I got two questions. One, can you comment on the CEO search, and Jim what you are going to do? Nobody is hired before Jim and then, the second question is just on the TYSABRI fourth quarter patient number, they look a little bit different than what you had stated last quarter. I am wondering what the difference is there?
Jim Mullen: We will take that in reverse order. Paul you want to.
Paul Clancy: Thanks for the question I appreciate it. We will, as a matter of course, always try to update the best estimates even when we look backwards in the patient database. In the United States, that rarely results in any change, what you would note though is that in our international patient database we made a change to correct for our best estimates. That is just simply a function of the fact that internationally the patient estimates are just that. It is estimates that are little bit triangulated but what the most important piece of data is, the shipments going out. I would note as it relates to that those changes that we made which brought down the patient numbers in international at the year end 2009 were largely owing to Germany, which Bob had pointed out, which we actually see as probably the one market outside the United States that is relatively flat. If you take the trends outside of the Germany a number of the major countries are doing quite well and continuing to add patients.
Jim Mullen: Rachel with respect to the CEO search, so just to take people back, there is a Board search committee composed of four Board members. They have been active in the search and interviewing candidates and I think they are, they're simply very cognizant of the June date and working towards that. If there is not somebody in place by June, that will be another conversation with the Board but there is not a specific plan for that.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Geoff Meacham of JPMorgan.
Geoff Meacham - JPMorgan: Question for you on the PML rate, we are above one and 1000 in patients on drugs for over a year and just curious what the strategy is when the overall plus marketing rate exceed this and is there an active dialogue with FDA or EMEA ahead of it?
Rick Munschauer: This is Rick Munschauer. We have been monitoring the overall incidents those by duration of therapy and by effects quite carefully. These are very small numbers and we really at this point dont think that there has been a variability there thats outside of the expected variability on a month-by-month basis given the relative rarity of the event and certainly we are in constant communication with the FDA about this information thats widely available and discussed.
Geoff Meacham - JPMorgan: Just a follow-up, to an earlier question on the JC virus assay, do you guys feel post AAN that you have more validation work to do on the assay or is that now a matter of just accumulating data on as many patients as possible? Thanks.
Rick Munschauer: We are very encouraged in our preliminary studies that 13 out of 13 patients for which we had samples stored away, who went on to develop PML were indeed positive by that assay. That has led us to the STRATIFY 1 and STRATIFY 2 trials, which will formally cap that high positives this over time. A total of about 9,000 patients will be entered in to that trial and we do feel that trial will give it the bottom line information about the value of this assay in stratifying the risk for PML.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Jim Birchenough of Barclays Capital.
Nick - Barclays Capital: This is (Nick) calling in for Jim. With respect to the STRATIFY 1 and 2 trials, I cant remember from the quote, did you say that patients and physicians would receive the data in a real-time fashion back in STRATIFY 1? We heard that that was not going to happen now, and on the STRATIFY 2, I think I've heard you just say around 9,000 patients, but I've also heard you say 28,000 patients, so all of the patients who are receiving TYSABRI.
Evan Beckman: With response to your first question, yes, the protocol has written now. It does share the information with the doctor and the doctor can share with the patient when you're enrolled in the STRATIFY 1 or STRATIFY two trials. We have been in active discussion with the FDA about this and at this point the information is still, but the information will be share going forward with that. In terms of the study size, STRATIFY 1 is 1,000 patients that is designed to determine the false negative rate of our assay. STRATIFY 2, we project will be about 8,000 patients, we'll see in terms of that trial that progresses whether we're obtaining the appropriate amount of information to achieve our overall endpoint and that is establish the solidity of this assay and stratifying risk.
Nick - Barclays Capital: Will you send back to the physician? It will just be a yes, no or it has a level and then the physician and the patient scratch their heads and say what do we do now? Will you provide any guidance? You can't provide any guidance as to what they should do..
Evan Beckman: Good question. The report factor of the physician will be either positive or negative, and it is a yes/no kind of response. There is an intermediate zone where we do confirmatory assay, so the physician will know yet an intermediate test was done and this was positive or negative in those patients that are [borderline]. There is obviously no guidance from the company and this is a protocol, what a particular physician does with this information will be done in concert with his discussion with the patient.
Nick - Barclays Capital: That intermediate test, is that a most sensitive allies with any run?
Evan Beckman: Its a more sensitive allies to make sure that we capture all those patients, who are within a certain threshold of being positive.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Joshua Schimmer of Leerink Swann.
Joshua Schimmer - Leerink Swann: What trends are you seeing and expecting in ex-US reimbursement rates for your core MS franchise? Do you see new country opportunities in the emerging markets providing sufficient oversees growth to offset reimbursement in pricing challenges that you had in Europe?
Bob Hamm:  Its Bob Hamm. The recent announcement in Germany obviously could be viewed as spilling over in countries in Europe. We dont see that at this point. There is always a pressure discussions from various countries based on the mix of activities in the MS space, but right now other than German announcement we dont see a major impact there coming this year. The growth, again it varies from country to country so much, but we certainly see growth based on our ability to expand our reach in the country that we currently are moderately engaged in or accruing patients and so we see that as a real opportunity going forward.
Joshua Schimmer - Leerink Swann: As you calculate and correct the PML risk with TYSABRI, how do you account for patients, who are on drug holiday? Do you just treat them as other on drug or do you adjust your calculations to reflect that some (inaudible) therapy?
Rick Munschauer: Hi, this is Rick again. We count the total number of infuse thats our current metric for doing that. Good question. Lot of debate over that one but thats our current metric.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your next question is from the line of Gene Mack of Soleil Securities.
Gene Mack - Soleil Securities: All right. Thanks for taking the question. Maybe I am just a little bit confused when you talk about drug suspensions versus drug discontinuations. For TYSABRI, I think I caught both of this in terms of phrase in the earlier discussion and I am just wondering, how does the definition differ between the two?
Rick Munschauer: In the United States, where all TYSABRI treated patients are entered into the TOUCH program, the division has the opportunity to re-begin therapy at any time. So in a way its a bit difficult for us to determine the difference between a drug suspension and a drug discontinuation. However, those kinds of statistics can only be had when we look at the TOUCH program going forward. We have incomplete data on that.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Ian Somaiya of Piper Jaffray.
Ian Somaiya - Piper Jaffray: I just have a question on the AVONEX patents. Just any updates you can provide on whether you have got any meaningful discussions and when we could see potential agreements signed as they relate to that intellectual property?
Paul Clancy: Yeah, this is Paul. Nothing to report actually at this point in time and we will try to keep you informed along the way as soon as we do have something to report.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Bret Holley of Oppenheimer.
Bret Holley - Oppenheimer: Thanks. I am just wondering, what's a realistic timeline for completion of STRATIFY 2 and is there any interim analysis STRATIFY 2 focused on JCV prevalence that could augment the data, from STRATIFY 1.
Rick Munschauer: STRATIFY 2 is intended to go out for two year. It will depend a little bit upon enrollment and I at this point, the (power) calculations are gone and we generally dont share that kind of information. However, we do really feel that on the study of (power) is to achieve this desired results at about 8,000 patients for two years.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Chris Raymond of Robert W. Baird & Company.
Chris Raymond - Robert W. Baird & Company: Just I wanted to circle back on the, I think the stock buyback mentioned it, Paul you mentioned that you will look to identify this and take advantage of excess cash. Can you may be give a range of where you feel are the optimum, net cash level would be, and what threshold do you have excess cash?
Paul Clancy: A good question. I mean it is something we debate for years and I hate to using optimal compatible structure. You really can't look at in a vacuum, because it is so tied to the business development and corporate development plans that you have underway. We have, I mean, I did want to just going to emphasize that we certainly love this business. We think there is great returns in this business and we continue to look for business development and corporate development opportunities, but what we are influenced by is that, that can come over the last number of years, you have seen that come in business development opportunities with a relatively modest use of capital in terms of adding value and bringing in-licensing collaborations in business development opportunities into the pipeline. We will look at larger usage as every company in our space does and well also kind of tie that up vis-a-vis are the credit markets in the financing capacity that is available to which I think at this point in time wed call it as more favorable than a year ago. So I think it still a balance approach but should there be access capital in the business which we've largely concluded very recently? We will look to return it to shareholders in the most efficient manner. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Jason Zhang of BMO Capital Markets.
Jason Zhang - BMO Capital Markets: I have a question with regard to the 190 per week patient adds, so lets phase out March average. Can you provide more? Is that higher at the end of March and the beginning of March or is too early to have a real number for that?
Paul Clancy: I actually dont have it, it may have discerned on the four-week basis within March. I dont think its materially different week-to-week-to-week in March. Even if it was I dont know if thats incredibly telling I think the broader trend that weve seen in the business is that subsequent to the label discussions and there is a lagged affect here because patients and physicians decide, then it takes four to five or six weeks to put them on therapy and get their first infusion. So subsequent to those discussions that were happening in the fourth quarter, we did see a modest slowdown in net patient adds on a gross basis as well. Weve seen that largely pick-up and that kind of trends back into the four to five weeks since the label discussions were largely finished. I think I'd just kind of keep it at full month of March basis.
Jason Zhang - BMO Capital Markets: Because for the quarter is about 120, I'm just wondering, so these new patient adds really is now either going down or going up gradually. They really kind of drop or rise pretty significantly. Can you explain that why one month could be so different than the months before or the month after?
Paul Clancy: We think it's owing to physicians digesting new information, and most meaningful information was the label discussions in the backend of the year. We largely passed that and we're feeling a little bit heartened by the trajectory that we are seeing in March.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jim Birchenough from Barclays Capital.
Nick - Barclays Capital: Thanks for the follow-up. It's Nick again, for Jim. I'm interested in your thoughts on primary infection for JCV, while patients are taking TYSABRI, and my concerns are driven by the pre-clinical SV40 data, which are worrying, and as you SV40 has 67% homology to JCV, so perhaps not a perfect model. I think you quoted 2% per annum primary conversion rate to JCV positivity. I'm wondering what your level of confidence of this because the published data comparing JCV [allies] to say it more elegant piece. That assay suggest that they allies underestimates the true exposure, previous exposure to the JC virus. So how confident are you in that 2% primary conversion number?
Jim Mullen: Hey Nick, this is Jim. We decided to jump all on that question and we appointed the least qualified person to answer and that became me. Ill let Rick or Evan to add in to it, but the data we have in the primary section is not only the data we have seen from our own collections of samples over a couple year periods time but what else is out there in the literature and it appears to be in the range of 1% per year. Maybe I will let Evan and Rick maybe add on to that a little bit of color.
Evan Beckman: This is Evan. Obviously the assays and other things in use are really important in determining of this. When we first started looking in to PML several years ago there were numbers all over the place so that the incidence of latency or prior exposure to JC virus. I mean we think that we have gotten better assays and we believe that our data and the program that we have going forward will give better answers to that question. At the moment, the 1% to 2% we think is pretty reasonable. I dont think that, you describe maybe more sensitive techniques or other things. I just dont think that numbers going to be wildly off. Two a point words really going to matter whether its 1.2 or 2.3, I think we are in the range and the program we have going forward will help us better define that. Obviously, we think that is something important and as we put this program together going forward to help stratify risks of our patients and physicians. Obviously the new conversion rate that happens, whatever that is, is going to be an element of the pieces of information that we need use to review and monitor to make good decisions. So we have an interest in trying to get that right overtime.
Nick - Barclays Capital: So can I just ask any other 30 or so cases of PML, do you have any baseline data that you can go back to, so I'll try and ask that question if primary conversion connotes a higher risk for developing PML?
Evan Beckman: Yeah, through the data that we have given you, those 13 cases represent to date, the patient base that we have with the right data to be able to go back and ask those questions. If we had more, we would be sharing more. We would like to get the numbers up as well. So as new cases come up, sometimes there is that opportunity, but thats probably where most of those cases are going to come from, new members would come from.
Operator: Okay. I believe that was our last question. Thank you for your participation and taking the call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2009 Q4  (2010-02-09 08:30:00) =====
Executives:
Analysts:  Rachel McMinn  Bank of America Merrill Lynch Eric Schmidt  Cowen & Company Analyst for Yaron Werber  Citi Joshua Schimmer  Leerink Swann, LLC Mark Schoenebaum  Deutsche Bank Securities Michael Aberman  Credit Suisse Geoffrey Meacham  JP Morgan [Unidentified Analyst] Jim Birchenough  Barclays Capital [Megan Ho] Joel Sendek  Lazard Capital Markets  
Operator:  At this time Id like to welcome everyone to the fourth quarter 2009 earnings conference call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers remarks there will be a question and answer session. (Operator Instructions) Mr. Hoffman you may begin your conference.
Eric S. Hoffman : Welcome to Biogen Idecs fourth quarter and full year 2009 earnings conference call. Before we begin, I encourage everyone to go to the investors section of BiogenIdec.com to find the press release and related financial tables including a reconciliation of the non-GAAP financial measures well discuss today. Weve also posted slides on our website that will outline the topics discussed on todays call. As usual well start with the Safe Harbor statement. Comments made in this conference call include forward-looking statements about our expected future results, our organization, operational and financial activities and goals, the market potential of TYSABRI and other products, the potential market for our products and pipeline advancements and regulatory actions.  These statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could actual results to differ materially from expectations. You should carefully review the risks and uncertainties that are described in our earnings release and in the risk factors section of our most recent annual and quarterly reports filed with the SEC. We do not take any obligation to publically update any forward-looking statements. Today on the call I am joined by Jim Mullen, CEO of Biogen Idec; Dr. Al Sandrock, VP of the Neurology R&D Organization; Bob Hamm, our Chief Operating Officer; and Paul Clancy, CFO and Executive Vice President of Finance. Ill now turn the call over to Jim Mullen.
James C. Mullen : Im pleased to report that in 2009 Biogen Idec once again delivered strong financial and operational results. For the full year 2009 total revenue increased 7% to $4.4 billion. Non-GAAP diluted EPS increased 13% to $4.12 and the business generated $1.1 billion in cash. The 13% non-GAAP EPS growth marks six consecutive years of double digit EPS which increases date back to the merger between Biogen and Idec in 2003. On the operational side, Im also pleased to announce a very successful year. With $1.1 billion of in market net sales in 2009, TYSABRI is officially a blockbuster. Im especially proud of this accomplishment when you take a step back and consider the voluntary market withdrawal in 2005. Think about this, a product that was taken off the market is now generating a $1 billion in annual revenue and is still growing. Furthermore, we made significant progress in our understanding of PML risk and opportunities to stratify that risk and I attribute these accomplishments to both TYSABRIs advocacy, positive risk benefit profile and a very committed team of Biogen Idec employees who are justifiably proud of their accomplishments but at the same time are aware that there is still more work to be done. During 2009, we also took steps to extend the durability of our core Interferon franchise. The therapy is now protected until 2026 by virtue of newly issued method of use patents. In addition, we advanced PEGylated Interferon has the potential to reinforce AVONEXs advantage and improve on convenience. With an eye on reinvigorating our efforts to restore AVONEXs market leadership, in Q4 we also announced some new additions to our commercial leadership team. Bob Hamm will talk about these new leaders later. Biogen Idecs MS pipeline is deeper and more complete than ever before. We now have first in class or best in class therapies that has the potential to address a full spectrum of patient needs. Our strategy has been to slow, stop and reverse MS and weve assembled a collection of products and development programs designed to do just that. During 2009 our R&D organization filed for European and Canadian regulatory approval of Fampridine. Well ahead of plan and we initiated two pivotal trials, three Phase II trials, two Phase I trials and four R to D transition, all while continuing to manage 90 trials for 31 compounds with over [14,000] patients in more than 45 countries. Finally, we have a strong balance sheet and nearly $100 million in cash flow monthly. This is allowing us the flexibility to both return cash to our shareholders and continue to invest in future growth both internally and externally. Before I turn the call over to Al Sandrock for an update on R&D, let me address a topic I am sure you are interested in, the boards search for my successor. The board has formed a CEO search committee headed by director Brian Posner which also includes Chairman Bill Young and Directors Alex Denner and Bruce Ross. The committee is working diligently with a leading search firm Spencer Stuart. The process is underway but as you can understand, beyond that were not going to comment on this call today. Ill now hand the call over to Dr. Al Sandrock, our Senior Vice President Neurology Research & Development.
Al W. Sandrock, Jr.,: Id like to begin by welcoming some new additions to the neurology R&D and medical affairs teams at Biogen Idec. Youve probably already seen the announcements but let me take a moment to tell you about each person. Dr. Richert, joins us from the National Multiple Sclerosis Society where he served as Executive Vice President for Research and Clinical Programs for the past five years. Prior to that John was at Georgetown University where he was Professor and Chair in the Department of Microbiology and Immunology, Professor of Neurology and Founder of the Universitys MS clinic. Dr. Frederick Munchauer joins us from the State University New York at Buffalo School of Medicine where he was the Irvin & Rosemary Smith Professor in the Department of Neurology and Chair of the Department of Neurology. Dr. Nancy Richert, an expert in neuro imaging joins us from the National Institute of Neurologic Disorders & Stroke where she served as a Staff Clinician in the Neuroimmunology Branch and Dr. Doug Kerr an expert on transverse myelitis and MS joins us from Johns Hopkins where he was Associate Professor of Neurology. We are extremely excited to add these distinguished leaders of the multiple sclerosis community to the Biogen Idec team. Id like to begin now with an update of our pipeline starting with one of my favorite programs. Im very pleased to report that in January we initiated a Phase I trial of our fully human anti-LINGO-1 monoclonal antibody. This is especially exciting for us because most of the biology of LINGO-1 was elucidated in Biogen Idecs own research laboratories.  It has been known for some time that when myelin, the insulation around nerve fibers is damaged by diseases such as multiple sclerosis, neurons often lose the ability to transmit nerve impulses. It was also known that the ability of the human central nervous system to repair myelin was limited. As reported in such publications as Nature Medicine and Nature Neuroscience our scientists found that treatment with anti-LINGO-1 antibody promoted the remyelination of damaged nerve fibers when tested in various animal models of demyelination.  Although current MS therapies can slow disease progression, none are designed to directly affect this repair process. As such, anti-LINGO-1 antibody represents a novel therapeutic approach in multiple sclerosis.  Another new technology that we advanced in to development last quarter was our bispecific antibody targeting TNF-alpha and TWEAK. With this novel bispecific antibody design which was also pioneered by Biogen Idec scientists we can simultaneously bind TNF-alpha and TWEAK with high affinity while retaining many of the desired properties of traditional [monoclonal] antibodies including a long circulating half life and ease of production. Simultaneous inhibition of the TNF-alpha and TWEAK pathways offers the pathways offers the potential to more effectively block inflammatory pathologies and autoimmune diseases. Now, and update on our blood factor programs. In December with our partner Swedish Orphan Biovitrum, we announced that our Factor VIII product for hemophilia A moved in to clinical trials making ours the only long acting Factor VII compound in clinical trials. In January, we announced that our Factor IX product for hemophilia B moved in to a registrational trial making ours the first long acting Factor IX compound to reach this milestone. The case for innovating in hemophilia is strong where the only treatment options are those with relatively short half lives requiring between 100 and 150 infusions per year. Our product substantially increases the half life which offers the hope that hemophilia patients would need to receive 50 or fewer infusions per year. We will present the results of our Phase I II Factor IX study in an upcoming medical meeting. As you may already know Biogen Idec regularly reviews and adjusts its pipeline as scientific, market or regulatory conditions change. In accordance with this process we reviewed the data for a ADENTRI and determined that the results are not supportive of continuing either the oral or the IV program. The efficacy and safety data from our TRIDENT trials analyzed to date suggest a beneficial effect on symptoms without a positive impact on clinical morbidity or mortality outcomes. These results are consistent with recent Phase III results from Rolofylline program in the QT compensated heart failure.  Now, let me take a moment to provide an update on TYSABRI. When we reintroduced TYSABRI in July of 2006 you will recall that we set out to answer three questions about PML in TYSABRI treated patients: who was at risk; what is the risk; and how can we mitigate the risk? With the start of the new year I thought it would be a good time to revisit the progress that we have made in answering these questions. Ill begin with what we know about the risks. During our Q3 earnings call I announced that we had initiated conversations with regulators worldwide about updating the TYSABRI product label as we began to believe that the risk of PML increases with the length of time on therapy. In the US we updated the label to include language stating that in patients treated with TYSABRI the risk of developing PML increases with longer treatment duration and that for patients treated for 24 to 36 months the risk is generally similar to the rate seen in clinical trials. There is limited experience beyond three years. As recently as last Friday, February 5th the FDA reaffirmed that it believes that the clinical benefits of TYSABRI continue to outweigh the potential risks. On January 21st the European Medicines Agency announced that they had finalized a review of TYSABRI and the risk of PML. The Agencys Committee for Medicinal Products for Human Use, concluded that the risk of developing PML increases after two years of use of TYSABRI although this risk remains low. The Committee also reaffirmed its position that TYSABRIs benefits continue to outweigh its risks for patients with highly active relapsing remitting multiple sclerosis for whom there are few treatment options available. We expect that the TYSABRI label in the EU will be revised to reflect the Committees conclusions. We continue to explore avenues for stratifying risk. One key area of focus is on the development of a serological assay to detect the presence of JC virus antibodies. We are currently planning to initiate a clinical study to determine whether antibody negative patients are at lower risk for PML. Our aim is to make these studies widely acceptable to TYSABRI patients worldwide. Risk mitigation efforts have also continued. When TYSABRI was introduced the expectation was that PML was usually fatal. This assumption was largely based on outcomes seen in the HIV Aids population. It is still too early to draw firm conclusions but so far survival rates have been approximately 75%. We believe that clinical vigilance combined with rapid action including the ability to shut off the activity of Natalizumab by timely does suspension and plasma exchange have contributed to improved outcome. We will continue to put considerable resources in to PML research to further refine ways of identifying ways of who is at risk for this rate event and to provide other approaches that could improve patient outcomes. A final note on TYSABRIs efficacy, based on the data coming from our clinical trials the real world observations from various studies and registries around the world as well as the uplifting stories we hear from many patients, we believe strongly in the benefit that TYSABRI can offer many patients with multiple sclerosis.  While PML seems to get all the headlines, we think TYSABRIs efficacy is a story that also needs to be reinforced. To that end, last month we announced our decision to launch a head-to-head trial of TYSABRI versus Copaxone and Rebif, a trial we call Surpass. Surpass has a target enrollment of 1,800 patients at 230 sites worldwide. As such, it will be the largest well controlled comparative trial of MS treatments ever undertaken. As you know, many neurologists currently switch patients from one ABCR therapy to another and they do this without any clinical trial evidence that has evaluated the utility of this approach. The Surpass study will be the first trial to provide Class I data on whether patients who are not doing well on first line therapies are better off if they switch to TYSABRI versus waiting to switch or switching among the ABCR therapies. We expect the study to be completed in 2013. I will now pass the call over to Bob Hamm, our Chief Operating Officer.
Robert A. Hamm : In the fourth quarter AVONEX, TYSABRI and RITUXAN generated combined worldwide revenue to Biogen Idec of $1.1 billion or 5% year-over-year with continued growth in our core MS business offsetting a modest decline in RITUXAN revenues. For the year, this product totaled $4.2 billion which represents 7% growth versus 2008. As Jim mentioned, TYSABRI has achieved blockbuster status in its fourth year, exceeding $1 billion in sales with 30% growth in both end market sales and patients. Our durable AVONEX franchise now in its 14th year in the market, delivered 5% revenue growth.  In January, we installed new commercial leadership, Dr. Francesco Granata joined Biogen Idec to lead our global commercial organization and our global medical affairs team. Dr. Granata is a trained MD who previously held executive commercial leadership positions at Schering-Plough, Pharmacia and Pfizer. Joining Dr. Granata as head of the US business is Tony Kingsley, an entrepreneurial leader who previously held senior operational management positions at Hologic and Cytyc. Together Francesco and Tonys focus during 2010 will be on reenergizing our US AVONEX business and continuing to drive TYSABRI adoption.  I will now provide more detail on each franchise individually. TYSABRI finished 2009 with over 48,000 patients on therapy worldwide. In the US the number of patients grew by 21%. Outside the US the number of patients grew by 40%. The higher growth rate outside of the US was in part fueled by geographic expansion. During 2009 we launched TYSABRI in seven countries bringing the total number of countries where TYSABRI is sold to 45.  AVONEX is currently available in over 70 countries so we still have plenty of room to continue to expand. We anticipate making TYSABRI available in five or six additional countries in Latin America and central Europe during 2010. No doubt much of the interest in TYSABRI is due to its efficacy. Having demonstrated a 42% to 54% reduction in disability progression, a 68% reduction in relapse rate an five times as many patients free of disease activity versus placebo. Doctors and patients appear to be taking TYSABRI efficacy into account when weighing TYSABRIs benefits and risks. In Q4, we updated TYSABRIs label information to include a duration effect following two years of treatment. Response to this news so far appears to be measured. Worldwide, TYSABRI grew by an average of 867 patients net per month during Q4 which is somewhat lower than during the second and third quarters but still about 24% above the same period prior year. We have yet to see a meaningful change in discontinuation trends. As of December, we estimate that less than 10% of US neurologists had ever prescribed TYSABRI drug suspension and less than 5% of TYSABRI patients were currently on a drug suspension. For patients with few options other than TYSABRI, the risk of PML even after 24 months remains low while the risk of debilitating MS progression without TYSABRI is high.  Potential competitors to TYSABRI are on the horizon and for competitive reasons I am not going to go in to detail on our commercial preparation for these nation therapies. But I can say this, we are quite confident in the appeal TYSABRIs benefit risk equation has for many MS patients. In fact, advances in MS therapy such as TYSABRI are changing the way that many patients view and manage their disease. In January, we launched a customized yoga program called My MS Yoga for people with MS. This program was developed with a top MS specialist Dr. Elliot Frohman and world renowned yoga instructor Baron Baptiste. The video features TYSABRI patients who are all proactively managing their disease through exercise and treatment. This program has had significant pickup in the national and local media including a high profile piece on Good Morning America Health. In the first three weeks since launch, over 4,600 patients have visited MyMSYoga.com to learn more about the program and over 1,200 patients have taken advantage of the free My MS Yoga DVD.  Now, an update on AVONEX; the franchise generated $586 million in global revenue during the fourth quarter of 2009 and $2.3 billion for the year, both an increase of 5% year-over-year. With approximately 137,000 patients on therapy worldwide and 16 years of remaining patient live AVONEX continues on as a strong and durable foundation to our market leading franchise in neurology.  RITUXAN Q4 revenue to Biogen Idec with $257 million, down 15% year-over-year. This decline was driven primarily by the continued expiration of royalties on revenues outside of the United States, off 44% versus 2008. Also in the US our Q4 profit share declined by 7%. As Roche reported last week, this was due to a reduction in wholesaler inventory. For the year RITUXAN revenue to Biogen Idec were $1.1 billion, down 3% year-over-year due to a 24% decline in royalties on sales outside the US. Now, looking towards the future, lets turn to our next anticipated product launch in MS. As Jim mentioned, we filed for regulatory approval for Fampridine in December, ahead of schedule, in Europe and Canada. In the US Fampridine is developed and commercialized by Acorda Therapeutics. The FDA recently approved the drug as AMPYRA extended release tablets. It is the first therapy indicated in the US to improve walking in patients with MS. This was demonstrated by an increase in walking speed. Biogen has established a focused team that is initiating launch preparations for expected approval outside the US in the first half of 2011. Much of our neurology sales and marketing infrastructure is already in place given our market leading position in most countries outside the US. Fampridine will fit very nicely in to that infrastructure. Our commercial efforts are primarily focused on pharma economic research at this stage. In parallel our supply chain team is preparing to enable appropriate compassionate use programs and named patient supply. Biogen Idec is excited to bring this new therapy to MS patients outside of the US.  Fampridine demonstrates efficacy in people with all four major types of MS: relapsing remitting; secondary progressive; progressive relapsing; and primary progressive and it can be used alone or with existing MS therapies. In short Fampridines launch outside the US provides us an opportunity to offer therapies to an even broader community of MS patients, a goal that fits wholly with our mission to create new standards of care in neurology through our global, commercial and medical capabilities.  With that, I will now turn the call over to Mr. Paul Clancy, our Chief Financial Officer.
Paul J. Clancy : Ill review our 2009 fourth quarter and full year financial performance. Additionally, Ill provide our 2010 financial guidance. Our GAAP financials are provided in tables one and two of the earnings release. Table three includes a reconciliation of GAAP to non-GAAP results. The primary differences between the GAAP and non-GAAP results for the quarter were $56 million related to the amortization of acquired intangibles and $7 million for employee stock options offset by a $24 million tax impact on these items. Our GAAP diluted earnings per share was $1.06 in Q4 and $3.35 for the full year.  Now, Ill move on to the non-GAAP P&L operating performance for Biogen Idec which we believe better represents the ongoing economics of the business and it reflects how we manage the business internally. Our non-GAAP diluted EPS was $1.20 for Q4 and $4.12 for full year 2009. In the fourth quarter we benefitted by $0.12 earnings per share due to onetime discreet tax benefits that Ill detail later in the call. Now, lets move through the fourth quarter and full year results in a bit more detail. Total revenue for the fourth quarter 2009 was $1.1 billion, 5% growth over fourth quarter 2008. Revenue for the full year 2009 totaled approximately $4.4 billion which represents a 7% growth over full year 2008. Q4 2009 product revenue was $827 million a 13% growth over Q4 2008. Full year 2009 product revenue totaled $3.2 billion an 11% growth over full year 2008. Going through our product revenues Ill begin with AVONEX. Q4 AVONEX worldwide product revenue was $596 million a 5% increase over Q4 2008. Worldwide AVONEX revenue for full year 2009 totaled approximately $2.3 billion, also a 5% growth. US AVONEX product revenue in the fourth quarter was $352 million a 3% increase over Q4 2008. US AVONEX revenue for the full year totaled $1.4 billion which represents a 10% growth over full year 2008. US AVONEX inventory ended at just over two weeks in the fourth quarter unchanged from the third quarter. In Q4 2009 unit sold in the US declined approximately 7% as compared to Q4 2008. This was offset by price increases. On a sequential basis Q3 to Q4 US AVONEX units declined by approximately 1%. Q4 international AVONEX product revenue was $244 million a 9% increase over Q4 2008. On a sequential basis, AVONEX international revenues increased by 6% as compared to Q4 driven by higher volume. Foreign exchange net of hedge accounted for 2% of the increase. International AVONEX revenue for the full year 2009 totaled $917 million, a 1% year-over-year decline. The full year international AVONEX revenue was unfavorably impacted by foreign exchange and hedging which reduced revenue by $88 million or approximately 10%. This is offset by unit increases of approximately 6% and favorable price and mix impact of 2%. Q4 TYSABRI worldwide product sales were $216 million for Biogen Idec, a 39% increase over Q4 2008. TYSABRI worldwide revenue for full year 2009 totaled $776 million for Biogen Idec, a 32% increase over full year 2008. In the US in market TYSABRI sales totaled $137 million for the fourth quarter. Q4 US TYSABRI product revenue for Biogen Idec was $62 million. US end user end market TYSABRI sales for the full year 2009 totaled $509 million, a 21% increase over 2008. Biogen Idec booked $232 million for full year 2009. Q4 international TYSABRI product revenue was $154 million, a 49% increase over Q4 2008. International TYSABRI revenue for full year 2009 totaled $544 million a 39% year-over-year increase. Foreign exchanged reduced international TYSABRI revenue by approximately $29 million for full year 2009 or 5%. Q4 Fampridine revenue was $14 million.  Now, Ill move on to the RITUXIN collaboration revenue from unconsolidated joint business. We recorded $257 million in revenue for the quarter representing a decrease of 15% on a year-over-year basis. Revenue for the full year decreased 3% to $1.1 billion as compared to full year 2008. Our RITUXIN revenues are broken down in to three components, first our share of the net US RITUXIN profits. Net US RITUXIN sales were $658 million in the fourth quarter down 3% versus prior year and as Bob noted was partly due to destocking in the channel. Our Q4 2009 profit share from that business was $192 million down 7% versus prior year. Full year 2009 US RITUXIN sales were $2,666,000,000 up 3% as compared to full year 2008. Our profit share from that business was $774 million up 5% as compared to full year 2008. Year-over-year profit share benefitted from price increases and lower operating expenses in the collaboration.  Second, we receive revenue on sales of RITUXIN outside the US and in Q4 this was $46 million, down 44% versus Q4 2008 as royalties from individual countries have expired. Revenue on sales of RITUXIN outside the US for the full year was $256 million down 24% as compared to full year 2008. We expect for 2010 rest of world revenues from RITUXIN to be approximately $120 to $130 million dependent on exchange rates. Third, in the fourth quarter we were reimbursed $18 million for selling and development costs incurred related to RITUXIN. For the full year 2009 we were reimbursed $66 million. Royalty revenue were $41 million for fourth quarter 2009 and $124 million for the year.  Now, turning to the expense lines on the non-GAAP P&L; Q4 COGS were $100 million or 9% of revenues. Q4 R&D expense was $279 million and 24% of revenues. R&D spend for the full year totaled $1.3 billion, approximately 29% of revenues and an increase of 20% on a year-over-year basis. This was owed largely to the $110 million payment we made to Acorda Therapeutics in the first half of 2009. Q4 SG&A expense was $236 million, a 5% increase year-over-year. This represents 21% of revenues. Drivers of the year-over-year increase included investments to support the MS franchise and the ongoing geographic expansion of our commercial operations. Continuing down the P&L our collaboration profit sharing line totaled $63 million in expense for the quarter. Other income and expense in the quarter was a gain of $6 million driven by net interest income and realized gains on strategic investments.  Let me now share the progress weve made with respect to our share purchase program. On our last earnings call we announced that in October 2009 the board of directors had authorized a share repurchase program of up to $1 billion of common stock intended to reduce our shares outstanding with the objective of returning cash to shareholders. This program was in addition to the previously approved $20 million share repurchase program authorized in October 2006 which has always been earmarked for share stabilization. In the fourth quarter of 2009 we made solid progress on our share repurchase programs purchasing 14.8 million shares of stock at a total cost of approximately $694 million. Repurchases have continued in the first quarter of 2010 through February 5th whereby weve repurchased an additional 5.4 million shares for a total cost of $289 million. Net-net since October 2009 through February 5, 2010 weve purchased approximately 20.2 million shares for a total cost of $983 million. Our cash and marketable securities position remains strong. We ended the year at 2.5 billion of cash and marketable securities. Our Q4 non-GAAP tax rate was approximately 24% which benefitted from multiple discreet events. Specifically in the fourth quarter we effectively resolved previously outstanding tax audits across multiple years on both the federal and state level.  For the full year 2009 our tax rate was approximately 27% reflecting these benefits offset by the negative impact from the Acorda transaction being entered in to by an ex-US affiliate. As we look in to 2010, I expect the non-GAAP tax rate to be in the 28% to 29% range. This does not include the R&D tax credit which currently has not been reinstated. This brings us to our Q4 non-GAAP diluted earnings per share which were $1.20 and our full year non-GAAP EPS of $4.12 representing a 13% increase over full year 2008.  Now, Id like to provide our 2010 guidance. Revenue growth in 2010 is expected to be in the mid single digits. This includes the expected decline in RITUXIN rest of world revenues. Core operating expenses growth is expected to be in the low single digits. R&D expense is expected to be approximately 24% to 27% of revenue excluding any new business development expense.  SG&A expense is expected to be approximately 20% to 22% of revenue. The high end of this range reflects investments we may be making in our brands in light of the competitive landscape. GAAP earnings per share is expected to be above $3.71. Non-GAAP diluted EPS is expected to be above $4.55 striving towards another double digit earnings growth year. We expect capital expenditures in the range of $170 to $200 million. So in conclusion 2009 was a solid top and bottom line result. Our total revenue grew by 7% for the full year, product revenue grew by 11%. TYSABRI surpassed $1 billion in sales and our non-GAAP earnings per share grew by 13%. Our cash flow was strong and we made solid progress against our $1 billion share repurchase plan returning cash to shareholders.  Now, Ill hand the call over to Jim for his closing comments.
James C. Mullen : In summary, 2009 business and pipeline performance positioned the company for continued success in 2010 and beyond. The organization delivered mid teens non-GAAP earnings growth, drove the ongoing growth of TYSABRI patients and revenues, filed new products for regulatory approval, advanced two programs in the registrational trials and broadly drove whats an increasingly exciting pipeline.  We have consistently delivered double digit earnings growth since the merger between Biogen and Idec in 2003 and weve positioned the company to remain competitive well in to the future. With that, Eric lets now open it up to Q and A.
Eric S. Hoffman : Operator, please open it up for Q and A. We ask that you limit yourself to one question and then reenter the queue for follow up. Please state your name and company affiliation. Were ready for the first question
Operator:  (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from Rachel McMinn  Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Rachel McMinn  Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Im wondering if you can comment a little bit on your R&D choice, particularly on Surpass, how we should be thinking about the $1.2 billion spend for next year, if I have the math kind of in the right ballpark. How much of that is really related to Surpass and TYSABRI investment versus other programs in the pipeline?
Paul J. Clancy : Rachel, youve got the math plus or minus pretty close. Surpass is a very meaningful investment as well as a number of the other TYSABRI investments that we have planned for 2010. That of course is shared with Elan from a collaboration standpoint. I think the way we think about R&D broadly is that there are a number of activities that are putting upwards pressure on the R&D line. TYSABRI lifecycle initiatives certainly moving PEG along in the registration trial, a number of the other late stage programs and that kind of being offset by some of the program decisions weve made over the last few months that have been noted on the third quarter call and the fourth quarter call. I hope that kind of gives you a little bit of a ballpark to work with.
Rachel McMinn  Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Im just wondering if you can clarify it all? Its a big investment but youre not willing to really put percentages around it?
Paul J. Clancy : Youre saying the specific amount on Surpass? The other thing Id just point out also is that as Al had noted, its a multiyear investment with the trial kind of concluding in the 2013 time period.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Eric Schmidt  Cowen & Company.
Eric Schmidt  Cowen & Company: Just looking for an update on ocrelizumab and MS? I guess you recently got the Phase II data in house, maybe you could characterize what you see in there and what your plans are for a Phase III or potential pivotal trial?
James C. Mullen : Ill take the first crack at that and Al is here with me. I guess what we would do is characterize the MS results on ocrelizumab similar to the RITUXIN results ocrelizumab but at the same stage, certainly interesting results worthy to continue to progress the trial in to Phase III. I think the specifics of that program are yet to be determined with our partner. I dont know if Al youve got any additional comments?
Al W. Sandrock, Jr.,: I dont have much to say. Were going to be presenting the results this year at a major medical meeting.
Eric Schmidt  Cowen & Company: Could I ask if you could quantify the destocking that you saw in RITUXIN in Q4?
Paul J. Clancy : Eric, our best estimate is that the business which generally has about 15 days of inventory destocked to about down to in the range of 12 to 13 days of inventory. So our estimate is that on the top line for the collaboration that had an impact of $10 to $15 million.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Analyst for Yaron Werber  Citi.
Analyst for Yaron Werber  Citi: I have a question about your guidance, can you elaborate a little bit on what your assumptions are for competitive breadth in the MS space and how that factors in to your guidance and what could be upside and downside scenario to that?
Paul J. Clancy : Ill kind of take team this a little bit with Bob. We absolutely, as we described in the past fully expect kind of the two oral products to be moving along and get approved. Pragmatically speaking, the impact of that is a little bit more potentially on the sales and marketing for the given 2010 as opposed to the revenue line. As I had noted in our guidance, were contemplating investments in sales and marketing. Plans are underway, plans are a little ahead of activities right now to defend our MS franchise which is extremely important over the long haul. So Id say it is embedded in our guidance for 2010 and plans are underway both to defend the product as well as make smart investments in the sales and marketing front.
Robert A. Hamm : I would just add that for patients with MS, unfortunately its not just about [inaudible] administrations, its about the course of their disease and the safety profiles of the individual drugs so much is yet to be learned about that but its really outcomes the patients are looking for.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Joshua Schimmer  Leerink Swann, LLC.
Joshua Schimmer  Leerink Swann, LLC: On TYSABRI, I was just wondering what the design of the studies you are considering to analyze the various predictors of PML? In those studies how do you plan to control for any potential drop out of patients who turn out to have a high risk factor?
James C. Mullen : As you point out, the denominator may change in terms of these two strata but if the risk decreases then we should  if most of the people are in a lower risk category then the overall risk of PML should go down and the number of cases should go away or diminish. So if thats the case then we will have answered the question. I think the denominator will need to be adjusted according to the number of people who stay in the strata that were studying.
Joshua Schimmer  Leerink Swann, LLC: What is the design of the study and what will you specifically be measuring or following?
James C. Mullen : If were talking about the serological assay study, its basically simply a blood draw where we take the blood, store it. We actually have a couple of studies, in one study we will verify that the findings we got from our strata samples is the same. We will match it up with urine JC Virus. In the other study well collect blood and see whether or not when patients develop PML they were antibody positive at that prior time point or not. 
Joshua Schimmer  Leerink Swann, LLC: Is it just the antibody? What are the JC virus specific T cell function assays or the viral protein assays that youll also be monitoring? Do you only check those if patients are positive or do you test everyone and see who gets PML?
James C. Mullen : Those will be separate studies done in a focused way in conjunction with some registries and other studies going on in Europe and elsewhere we will look for additional biomarkers. They will include cellular assays as you indicate that test immune response, theyll also look for mutation in JC virus. If we get a technology we can use to measure mutations and so forth but there are some studies that are going to be underway for example in Germany that we intend to collaborate with the investigators who are doing those studies.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Mark Schoenebaum  Deutsche Bank Securities. 
Mark Schoenebaum  Deutsche Bank Securities: I was just wondering actually to maybe build on Joshs question, this is more of a question maybe for Bob, Im not sure who it is appropriate for but on this whole topic of the JCV serologic assay do you guys expect this assay to materially affect TYSABRI prescribing behavior in 2010 or 2011? Can you help set expectations for those of in the investment and analyst community please?
Robert A. Hamm : Well, I think the simple answer is what kind of industry are we in and we run experiments and outcomes can be pro, con or neutral and with that information treating physicians will make further decisions. So to prejudge and outcome or think that is going to mean something is premature.
Mark Schoenebaum  Deutsche Bank Securities: Can you just give an update on PEG enrollment and time lines for the hemophilia program? Then for Paul, why is cap ex up so much year-on-year for 2010?
Al W. Sandrock, Jr.,: PEG enrollment is on track. We expect to complete enrollment in approximately a year or so plus or minus a few months. Its always difficult to get enrollment exactly right but its going very well so far.
James C. Mullen : The hemophilia programs, obviously the Factor XIII program just got started, thats a Phase I program so those predictably in this disease area, those go relatively slowly as you go through a bunch of up dosing cohorts. You need to finish each cohort before going to the next so think of that as kind of going on for the remainder of the year to get to sort of Phase I results. The Factor IX program, we have a multicenter international trial ongoing. Its not lots and lots of patients because it will be less than 100 patients required for that registration trial.  Nevertheless, its a pretty competitive area for recruiting patients. On the optimistic side maybe we can be done something this year or early next year. So thats probably as good as we can peg it right now, no pun intended on the PEG. On cap ex, cap ex is up just because Paul is usually conservative on the upside and then I grind it down through the remainder of the year.
Paul J. Clancy : Mark, it also is in we in the last 12 months have made significant organizational changes in our IT leadership. That resulted in a little bit lighter spending in 2009 as that organization was kind of getting geared up in the organization and we expect very good investments around IT are going to be made in 2010. Its almost like a little bit of a catch up year.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Michael Aberman  Credit Suisse.
Michael Aberman  Credit Suisse: Can you just give us your guidance for 2010, what share count you assume for that? Then also if I could ask you to update the RA or ocrelizumab plans?
Paul J. Clancy : With respect to share count Michael, as weve talked in the past the progress as it relates to the share repurchase program well kind of pace that and communicate that on each of the earnings call. But certainly as I noted today we brought in 20 million shares over the last call it two to three months.
Michael Aberman  Credit Suisse: Where are you now in terms of share count, 270?
Paul J. Clancy : We ended the year around 276 in terms of December 31, 2009. Then, with respect to authorization, we actually will tap out of the authorization once we complete the $1 billion share repurchase program.
Robert A. Hamm : In terms of the ocrelizumab RA trials theres two trials that remain to be read out both in the first half of this year. One trial is called script, its an 800 patient trial in TNF inadequate responders. The other one is a trial called FILM in which the enrollment had to be halted but the patients that were enrolled prior to the halt will be evaluated. That trial is called FILM, its a methotrexat-nave trial so both of those will be read out in the first half of the year.
Michael Aberman  Credit Suisse: Can you remind us why it was halted?
Robert A. Hamm : Because of the opportunistic infections that occurred predominately in Asia.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Geoffrey Meacham  JP Morgan.
Geoffrey Meacham  JP Morgan:   I guess more of a strategic question, you guys are putting cash flow to work obviously with the buyback but your pipeline could take a few years to play out so my question is are you guys content with single digit revenue growth or are you more willing to do marketed product kind of deals going forward?
Paul J. Clancy : Geoff, I think the way weve described is not terribly different in the past in terms of capital deployment. We absolutely would love to capture opportunities to create value through products, both pipeline products as well as ideally marketed product but wed be disciplined that its really what were trying to solve for is creating shareholder value not simply kind of moving the revenue growth numbers a little bit up or down.  So were in an enviable position that we ended the year with $2.5 billion of cash. 2010 looks like another robust year with respect to cash flow generation and we will continue to be challenged with this strategic question of looking for opportunities to create value and doing that in a disciplined way and if not returning cash to shareholders in a disciplined way as well.
Geoffrey Meacham  JP Morgan: A follow up, on the AVONEX whats the strategy to monetize going forward, to the extent that you can comment?
Robert A. Hamm : Actually, no comments to really make on that right now. The patent takes us out to 2026, it covers interferon beta but nothing really to report and when we do have something well obviously update the community.
Operator:  Your next question comes from [Unidentified Analyst].
[Unidentified Analyst]: A quick question on the PLM cases, Al can you just give us a sense of the last three cases I think from 28 to 31 what the duration of exposure was? I just want to throw another one on ocrelizumab, could you remind us of the step down in royalty, what the actually kicks in from RITUXIN and what proportion of the RITUXIN revenue will kick in? Is it going to be across the board or just for the autoimmune use where you have to carve it out?
Al W. Sandrock, Jr.,: In terms of the duration of treatment I actually dont know the exact numbers but my recollection is they were on the upper end, the two to three year timeframe for these three additional cases. 
James C. Mullen : I think were going to have a formal update out in the middle of the month so youll be able to get that. But, I think the simplest way to think about it is its no real change in the profile but youll have that information. On ocrelizumab, the step down occurs at certain end market revenue numbers and its all revenues, its not cut by indication so I think the first traunch, do you have that detail in front of you now?
Paul J. Clancy : I dont, I apologize, its one of the things I dont have but its itemized in our Qs and Ks. But essentially its a step down that triggers at approximately, if I recall, $150 million and then $350 million stepping down first to 38% then to 35% and then down to 30% profit share. It as Jim said, affects the whole franchise.  The other thing I would just note is we can have the [inaudible] work with everybody. Ocrelizumab right now is embedded in our R&D expense just because it is a new product. That will upon approval we envision that to actually flip back in to the unconsolidated joint business.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Jim Birchenough  Barclays Capital.
Jim Birchenough  Barclays Capital: It may be a little early but I was just wondering if you could characterize the impact of the label amendment in terms of the new patient starts in to the new year? Is it stable, declining still, starting to reverse itself? Then just as a follow up, in terms of patients where youre seeing drug holidays, can you characterize those patients? Do they tend to be beyond three years and how long are they typically of therapy?
Robert A. Hamm: I guess Jim the best way to think about it is its too early to tell, on your first question. Your second question really varies by treating physicians and again, its a little too early to tell. The label information really is not new Al, is it?
Al W. Sandrock, Jr.:  No, we announced the last earnings call that the US label was going to indicate that the risk goes up with duration of treatment and at the 24 to 36 month mark it was roughly similar to what was seen in the clinical trials. Theres nothing new. The FDA announcement last Friday reiterated the benefits outweigh the risks and theres no further label changed anticipated. 
Robert A. Hamm :  I think a lot of physicians are sort of taking a measured approach because there is a trepidation about taking people directly off therapy and not having other options for them so I think increased vigilance and the drug suspensions are mostly physicians taking a very thoughtful approach towards their patients outcomes.
Jim Birchenough  Barclays Capital: I guess what Im trying to get at is as we look at the back half of the first quarter and the first part of the first quarter whether new patients starts are stable or if we should expect a further decline based on what youre seeing right now?
Robert A. Hamm: Its too early to tell I would say.
James C. Mullen : Jim, its always hard to say because the back half of December theres nothing much happening because people just dont start a lot of new patients in that holiday season. I think well have a better read as we come to the end of Q1.
Operator:  Your next question comes from [Megan Ho].
[Megan Ho]: First a follow up on the Factor IX question, Jim you had indicated that it will be done late this year early next year. When you say done do you mean enrollment or actually the entire study? What kind of safety follow up would you need for that?
James C. Mullen : Im going to ask Al if he can answer on the safety follow up. Presumably, theyre going to want to see people on dosing for a year like they do every other biologic. Of course, its not going to be your typical patient numbers so my guess will be we need once we finish well end up with the usual file it, the safety update there under review and that will wrap around the one year follow up on the remainder of the patients. Exactly how quickly that accrual goes I think its just too early to say. I can say that the very early accruals in the Phase I trials were difficult but of course now you actually have real data and people get excited about it so I hope that really influences the accrual rate and plus were in a lot more centers internationally for the registration trial.
[Megan Ho]: So when you said it would be done by late 2010 early 11, is that enrollment?
James C. Mullen : Thats enrollments we were talking about. Ill ask Eric and the IR team to maybe pull together some more specific information on that so that we can get that back out to you. Im not trying to be evasive I just dont know what it is off the top of my head.
[Megan Ho]: Then another question on Fampridine, now that we know the pricing in the US can we assume that is basically a global pricing strategy? Obviously the patient population is pretty broad and Im not trying to kind of ask you for a forecast but kind of thinking about the patient population and knowing the pricing could this be a product the size of AVONEX?
James C. Mullen : Good question. Well all be anxiously watching how the launch goes here in the US. The pricing in the US is of course set by Acorda, the pricing outside the US is our responsibility and were doing all the pharma co economic research and preliminary discussion to figure out where is the right price point in the EU. Were not going to really talk about that in any detail because frankly theres nothing good that can happen with regulators and pricing authorities by talking about price before youre ready. The other part of your question is well whats the population? Certainly one of the things that eventually  I was probably the internal skeptic and I kept looking at this data and looking at this data but it became clear that the impact appreciated by patients goes beyond the primary endpoint. Its not whats going to be in the label but I think as Acorda and we expand out the trials and additional things, hopefully we can tease that kind of clinically relevant data. Then the last point is there certainly is strong technical rational to consider this product in other disease areas where nerve conduction is also a problem and there are a fair number of those. So I think youve got a big opportunity in MS and a bigger opportunity potentially in some other similar diseases. Al do you have anything to add?
Al W. Sandrock, Jr.,: If you look at how neurologists are using the compounded versions, people are using it for other things besides walking ability and theres nothing about the biology of this drug that suggests it should only work on ambulation because any [inaudible] nerve fiber track should respond or at least has a theoretical change of responding to fampridine so not just the pathways involved in ambulation but other pathways as well.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Joel Sendek  Lazard Capital Markets.
Joel Sendek  Lazard Capital Markets: Jim, one thing you mentioned is that since the merger Biogen and Idec youve grown EPS by 10% or at least 10% every year and I know you dont give long term guidance but can you give us some sense of your confidence of your ability to do that beyond 2010?
James C. Mullen : A good question and I would love to make promises for the next CEO so that he can throw me under the bus as the previous administration but lets go back to some of the rational for the merger at the time and I think it was evident to Bill on the one side and me on the other side that neither one of us had a pipeline that could really deliver unless we just got lucky and we needed to broaden and build the pipeline fairly quickly. With the merger obviously we expanded out our therapeutic area expertise as well as we became much more competitive on BD and half this pipeline that you look today came through some kind of BD whether its a collaboration, licensing or an all out acquisition. What happens over the next one year or so as fampridine comes to the market as we see the oral competitors I guess well all see that play out but I personally would be pretty optimistic that the pipeline that weve assembled and we have a lot of compounds in Phase II and registration trials are really going to deliver a new leg of growth here starting in the next couple of years. Exactly what the next one or two years I think matters a lot less than watching how that pipeline progresses as well as frankly the competitive environment and of course thats what weve always been focused on. I dont want to commit the next guy to exactly what it should look like but I think weve got things that can certainly drive revenue growth, continue to drive shareholder value and that will show up on the earnings line as well. Thank you very much everybody. I appreciate it and Im sorry that we ran over our slot a little bit.
Operator:  This concludes todays conference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2009 Q3  (2009-10-20 08:30:00) =====
Executives:  Eric Hoffman - Director Investor Relations James C. Mullen - President, Chief Executive Officer, Director  Paul J. Clancy - Chief Financial Officer, Executive Vice President - Finance  Robert A. Hamm - Chief Operating Officer  Alfred Sandrock, MD, PhD - SVP Neurology R&D 
Analysts: Eric Schmidt - Cowen And Company  Joel Sendek - Lazard Capital Markets May-Kin Ho - Goldman Sachs Geoff Meecham - J.P. Morgan Geoffrey Porges - Sanford Bernstein Mark Schoenebaum - Deutsche Bank Securities Josh Schimmer - Leerink Swann Yaron Werber - Citi  Jason Zhang - BMO Capital Market Jim Birchenough - Barclays Capital Christopher Raymond - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. Steven Harr - Morgan Stanley Eun Yang - Jefferies & Co. Michael Aberman - Credit Suisse Maged Shenouda - UBS Rachel McMahon - Banc of America Securities 
Operator:  Good morning ladies and gentlemen my name is Nicollet and I will be your conference operator today. At this time I would like to welcome everyone to the Biogen Idec Inc. Q3 2009 Earnings Conference Call. (Operator Instructions). I would now like to turn the call over to Eric Hoffman. Please go ahead sir. 
Eric Hoffman: Thank you and welcome to Biogen Idecs Third Quarter 2009 Earnings Conference Call. Before we begin, Id encourage everyone to go to Investor Relations section of biogen.com to find the press release and related financial tables including a reconciliation of the non-GAAP financial measures that well discussed today. We have also posted slides on our website that outline the topics discussed on todays call. As usual, well start with the Safe Harbor statement. Comments made in this conference call include forward-looking statements about our expected future results including our 2009 financial guidance, our longer-term operational and financial goals; the sales potential of TYSABRI and other products; the potential markets for our products, pipeline advancements, and regulatory actions.  These statements are subject to risks and uncertainties which could cause actual results to differ materially from expectations. You should carefully review the risks and uncertainties that are described in our earnings release, and in the risk factors section of our most recent annual and quarterly reports filed with the SEC. We do not undertake any obligation to publicly update any forward-looking statements. Today on the call Im joined by Jim Mullen, CEO of Biogen Idec; Dr. Al Sandrock, Senior Vice President and Head of our Neurology R&D organization; Bob Hamm our Chief Operating Officer; and Paul Clancy, CFO and Executive Vice President of Finance. With that, Ill turn the call over to Jim Mullen.
Jim Mullen: Thanks Eric, good morning everyone. I am pleased to be able to report another solid quarter continuing on our Q2 performance. Not only was our financial performance strong, but we also made progress on our pipeline. Total revenue grew to more than $1 billion in non-GAAP EPS for the third quarter 2009, it was up 14% over last year to $1.12. Importantly, we remain on track to achieve our full year operating plans. AVONEX revenues were $580 million supported by the long-term safety and efficacy profile. In the US AVONEX continued to see market share decline and we are working towards improvements here as our CEO Bob Hamm will detail in his comments, and we think this performance can be turned around. In addition AVONEX performance was impacted by growth in our Access Program that provides free drugs to patients who cannot afford the therapy. As we have discussed before this correlates closely with unemployment trends. Internationally AVONEX has picked up market share and continues to grow in volume. This is important because the international MS market is both larger and growing more rapidly than the US market. We were pleased to have our method of use patent issued in the US covering AVONEX through 2026 and Bob will discuss the implications. TYSABRI patient growth continued through the summer nearly 3,000 net new patients were added in Q3 for a total of approximately 46,200 patients currently on therapy or a 30% growth year-over-year. We achieved TYSABRI global end market net sales in the quarter of more than $282 million up 19% year-over-year resulting from the continued success of our marketing and sales efforts focused on TYSABRIs compelling efficacy. We booked $207 million of this net of hedge on our P&L. Internationally we saw some expected seasonality over the summer as net new patients added dipped in August and then recovered in September. We continue to look for and evaluate methods and approaches to further identifying risk factors for PML which Al Sandrock the lead to our Neurology R&D organization will speak to later. Revenue from the RITUXAN unconsolidated joint business was $284 million on net US sales of $670. Bob Hamm will also take you through an update on our commercial franchise. Our pipeline progressed nicely during the quarter. Strategically our pipeline is focused on first in class or best in class specialty products in diseases with high-unmet need and global applications. I will provide a couple of examples of recent positive developments and upcoming milestones. Yesterday we and our partner Biovitrum announced the positive read out on our Phase I/II study of our long acting Factor IX for hemophilia B and planned to advance the program into registrational trial in 2010. Last week our partner Acorda had successful FDA Advisory Committee on Fampridine-SR in MS and we plan to file with the MEA in early 2010. We completed enrollment in the third quarter for CONFIRM the second of the two Phase III trials of our oral BG-12 in MS and we are especially pleased with this accomplishment given the size and complexity of the BG-12 Phase III program. Final read outs are expected by year-end that will include a Phase II study of Ocrelizumab for MS.  Al Sandrock will give you updates on a number of pipeline programs including these and others.  We are reiterating our 2009 non-GAAP earnings per share to be above $3.85 and we continue to expect cash flow from operations to exceed earnings. Our CFO Paul Clancy will give you additional financial details. Also, this morning we are announcing a share repurchase related to our approximately $3 billion cash balance our board has authorized a share repurchase of up to $1 billion in order to return excess cash to shareholders. We expect to implement this buy back over the coming months to reduce the share count over time. This program does not impact our ability to execute against strategic external growth opportunities, but represents the strength we see in the ability of our core products to generate significant cash flow for the Company. Paul will discuss this in more detail during his comments. In conclusion, the third quarter was a successful one and we are reiterating full year 2009 guidance. Our main focus was maintaining TYSABRI patient growth and we accomplished that goal. We have strong franchises, cash flow on the balance sheet, and ended the quarter with approximately $3 billion in cash and marketable securities and we continue to focus on products pipeline performance as drivers of long-term shareholder value creation. I will now hand the call to Dr. Al Sandrock, SVP Neurology R&D. 
Al Sandrock, MD: Thank you, Jim. Today I will be providing a number of updates on our pipeline with an emphasis on neurology, my area of responsibility. I will begin with our MS portfolio.  As we have said in the past our goal with MS is simple, but powerful, slow, stop and eventually reverse the disease. With AVONEX we have made major progress on slowing the disease. Based on a growing body of unprecedented efficacy data we believe TYSABRI goes a long way towards stopping disease activity in relapsing MS patients. Let me start with a brief remark on the benefit TYSABRI brings to patients with relapsing MS. Every day we hear from physicians and patients about how TYSABRI has made a significant, positive, impact in their lives. They are corroborating the benefits that we have observed in our clinical studies on a wide array of measures of efficacy and quality of life. This drug was approved because it offers hope for many patients with this devastating disease.  I would also like to provide you with the recent updates on TYSABRI safety. As I mentioned before, TYSABRI is among the most intensely monitored drugs on the market today. We share and discuss these data with regulators around the world on an ongoing basis and work with them to keep healthcare providers up to date. Biogen Idec and our partner Elan currently believe, as the recent FDA update indicated, that the risk of developing PML increases with the number of TYSABRI infusions received. We continue to believe that the overall rate of developing PML with TYSABRI remains consistent with the rate implied on the label. We have proposed, and are currently discussing with the regulatory authorities, a potential label change to reflect this increased risk of PML with increased duration of TYSABRI exposure.  Stepping back, it is important to remember that PML remains a rare adverse event. Outcomes have been better than previously expected and we believe the overall benefit risk profile remains favorable. Real world patient and physician experience continue to establish TYSABRI as a compelling option for the treatment of MS bringing hope to many patients and transforming the care of MS patients.  Additionally, we continue to allocate significant time and resources to identifying PML risk factors and in developing ways to stratify, mitigate, and manage the risks. We are working on this internally and we are also working to set up a consortium of other interested collaborators. The premise of our work is that PML in TYSABRI treated patients results from a convergence of factors including the presence of JC virus, immune compromise, viral mutations, duration of treatment, and perhaps other factors such as risk [oleal] MFO.  With respect to the presence of virus recent published data in larger cohorts using more refined serological techniques indicates that seroprevalence is in fact less frequent in the textbook dogma of 80% or 90%. We have analytically validated a serological method with the goal of one day offering a commercially available assay that may inform about the relative risk of developing PML. Now onto to some neurology pipeline updates. The neurology pipeline achieved some important milestones during the third quarter of 2009: I will start with Fampridine-SR. This oral small molecule is a first in class selective blocker of voltage-gated potassium channels. It is thought to improve nerve conduction in demyelinated nerve fibers. Our partner, Acorda Therapeutics, met with an FDA advisory committee last Wednesday October 14. The advisory committee voted 12-1 that clinical data on Fampridine-SR 10 mg b.i.d. demonstrated substantial evidence of effectiveness as a treatment to improve walking in people with MS and voted 10-2 that this effect is clinically meaningful. Next, I am happy to mention that in the third quarter we completed enrollment in CONFIRM, the second Phase III trial for BG-12, our oral compound for the treatment of relapsing, remitting MS. As you may recall DEFINE, the first Phase III trial, enrolled its last patient at the end of the first quarter of 2009. This is a significant accomplishment especially when considering the scope of the trials which involve more than 2,500 patients in over 25 countries. Another MS program advancing is Daclizumab made by a high yield process which we call Daclizumab height, a humanized antibody that acts against the high affinity IL 2 receptors. During Q3 we and partner Facet Biotech made the decision to advance Daclizumab to a Phase III trial. This was in part based on the results of the planned interim futility analysis of the ongoing SELECT study. An independent safety monitoring committee analyzed the subset of the data from this ongoing trial and recommended the continuation of the SELECT trial. SELECT remains a blinded study and will serve as one of the two trials for registration. We expect to start the Phase III trial during the first half of 2010. On our Anti-LINGO program we have completed our GLP toxicology studies and remain on track to file a clinical trial application by the end of the year. The Anti-LINGO antibody has been shown to remyelinate nerve fibers in our animal studies and thus we hope it will help to reverse some of the damage done by diseases like multiple sclerosis.  In terms of other pipeline update there are some interesting developments going on there as well. In mid-September Roche announced positive data from the Phase III PRIMA study of RITUXAN in follicular lymphoma patients. The primary endpoint was progression free survival in patients receiving RITUXAN and standard chemotherapy followed by a maintenance schedule of RITUXAN mono therapy compared to patients with no maintenance treatment. The positive study was stopped early after a preplanned interim analysis and results will be presented in an upcoming scientific meeting. Returning to RITUXAN in rheumatoid arthritis on October 16 the FDA issued a complete response to our sBLA seeking to extend the RITUXAN label to a broader DMARD-IR population. The FDA expressed concerns relating to the prolonged nature of RITUXAN mediated B cell depletion and the risk for TML in the less refractory RA population than our current label. We expect to meet with the FDA to discuss risk benefit for RITUXAN and then determine the appropriate next step. In the meantime RITUXAN remains an important therapy for TNS inadequate responder RA patients.  In the TNS IR population the FDA approved additional language to the label in October to clarify that patients being treated should receive subsequent courses every six months. Previously there was no guidance in the label on retreatment beyond the first course and the average retreatment interval has been seven to eight months. RITUXANs ability to improve physical function and slow joint damage for up to two years, as demonstrated in clinical studies, has also been added. Taken together this will allow new promotional messaging around lasting efficacy and regular dosing. In addition there is regulatory concern about an apparent imbalance in opportunistic infections among Ocrelizumab treated RA and lupus patients in these clinical trials. Based on our recent safety review of Ocrelizumab data in RA and lupus nephritis clinical trials the Ocrelizumab film study in methotrexate nave RA patients has been placed on clinical hold and dosing was stopped. We also decided to close the Ocrelizumab BELONG study in lupus nephritis. The other Ocrelizumab RA and relapsing remitting MS studies remain ongoing. We will work with regulators to determine the next step for these programs.  Next, in October, after a strategic review of programs we determined that the LUCID trial of lumiliximab and CLL and the target trial of Galiximab and NHL will not support registration. Accordingly we decided to stop recruitment in the lumiliximab LUCID trial and prematurely end the Galiximab target trial. Neither decision was a consequence of any safety concerns. We are evaluating our options for these programs and are working on a path forward. On a more positive note we were pleased to announce yesterday, with partner Biovitrum, a positive read out on our Phase I/II study of our Factor IX for hemophilia B and plan to advance the program to a registrational trial in 2010. The trial was an open label, multi-center, safety dose escalation study that evaluated the safety and pharmacokinetics of recombinant Factor IX in severe, previously treated hemophilia B patients. We believe this compound could potentially improve the standard of care in hemophilia B which typically requires retreatment every two or three days. If our Factor IX trial meets its primary endpoint it may extend the interval between doses to once a week or longer. We made recent progress on several other early stage programs as well. For example we started a Phase I trial of Neublastin for neuropathic pain, enrolled the first patient in a Phase I/II study of anti-IGF-1R in hepatocellular carcinoma and made progress on dose escalation in our Phase I studies of our anti-TWEAK antibody in RA and Anti-Cripto-DM4 toxin conjugated antibody in solid tumors. Our discovery and research efforts remain an important strength. Finally data read outs expected by year-end include the Phase II study of the Ocrelizumab trial in relapsing, remitting MS. In addition, we expect to fully enroll two other proof of concept trials by the end of the year, our trial of BG-12 in RA and interferon beta in ulcerative colitis.  In conclusion, we continue to make progress on our pipeline and we look forward to continuing to update you on our progress in the quarters ahead. With that, I will hand it over to our Chief Operating Officer, Bob Hamm.
Bob Hamm: Thanks Al. During the third quarter our global revenue was $1.1 billion, up 3% year-over-year. Third quarter RITUXAN US net sales were up 2% year-over-year to $670 million. RITUXAN revenues on our P&L were $284 million, down 5% year-over-year with 6% growth in our Q3 US profit share offset by a 28% decline in international RITUXAN revenues as our x-US royalties continue to expire.  Our product revenues of $802 million grew 6% year-over-year with nearly flat AVONEX sales buoyed by a 21% year-over-year growth in the TYSABRI business. TYSABRI added approximately 1,000 net new patients per month during the third quarter and posted its second quarter in a row at a blockbuster run rate with Q3 in market sales at $282 million. Turning to the RITUXAN CD20 franchise, a highly penetrated lymphoma market coupled with the general downward economic crusher meant slower revenue growth overall for RITUXAN in Q3. Units declined by 1% year-over-year. Price growth of 5% year-over-year was balanced by a 27% increase in discounts and allowances yielding an overall 2% year-over-year revenue growth. Operating profit outpaced revenue growth however, at 4% year-over-year, due in part to discipline in spending and improved margins during the quarter.  Front line adoption and maintenance use of RITUXAN remains steady for labeled oncology indications, those being diffuse large B cell and indolent follicular NHL. Biogen Idec and Genentech submitted two separate sBLAs in May this year for the CLL8 study in previously untreated CLL and for the REACH study in previously treated CLL. Both sBLAs were accepted and granted priority review status by the FDA with a PDUFA date in November of 09. CLL launch planning activities are on track. As Al mentioned Biogen Idec and our partner Genentech will discuss the PRIMA results with regulatory authorities worldwide for the possible update of the product label. Moving to the globally neurology business, AVONEX $580 million in global revenue for Q3 is up 1% year-over-year with a run rate of over $2 billion and approximately $139,000 patients on therapy worldwide, AVONEX is a foundation of our market leading franchise in neurology. US AVONEX revenue is up 8% versus prior year with price increases taken earlier in the year mitigating the underlying decline in unit volume of 8%. In the US we did see an increase in the number of patients in our Access Program as Paul will detail. During the same period in international markets AVONEX revenue is down 8% with a 1% increase in unit volume offset by 9% decrease in net price largely due to foreign exchange. We believe the US market can perform better and have taken steps to improve that trajectory including our expansion earlier this year of the AVONEX field force and a change in leadership of the US business. We are confident that this is possible since we are holding our share of the ABCR market and are international markets and we see no reason why we cant bring the same performance and results to the US. Approximately half of the US prescribers are now aware of the 10-year CHAMPIONS data which demonstrated sustained benefit over ten years of treating patients with AVONEX from their first MS attack. This is compelling data. Of physicians who have been exposed to it 1/3 have indicated they would increase their use of AVONEX in CIS patients and  said they would also increase their use of AVONEX in relapse and remitting patients. AVONEX pioneered early treatment of MS and now with the CHAMPIONS 10-year follow-up data we demonstrated compelling, long-term benefit in patients treated after their first attack. The message is simple: AVONEX proven efficacy and best in class adherence demonstrates that AVONEX has the power to work early and keep patients active longer. In addition, we are pleased to have our AVONEX method of use patent issued last month. The US patent covers the use of AVONEX for immunomodulation including the treatment of MS and extends to September 2026. The biosimilar pathway in the US, as we know, is still to be defined. Outside the US we continue to expect biosimilar competition, but we do not see evidence of clinical activity for any biosimilar competitors at this time. Turning to TYSABRI, we had global end market revenues of $282 million in the third quarter, a 19% increase compared to the prior year with an over $1 billion run rate TYSABRI is the growth driver of our neurology franchise. We continue to see growth in the number of patients on TYSABRI with approximately 46,200 patients receiving TYSABRI at the end of September: of those approximately 13,400 patients have now been on therapy for over two years. During Q3 our estimate of the average weekly net new patient growth moderated somewhat driven by seasonality in x-US markets. In the US net weekly ad-in patients have continued to accelerate. Internationally our estimate of net weekly patient growth slowed somewhat from prior quarters. This was driven by seasonality in Europe during the summer holidays with lower net patient add- ins in July, and particularly August, followed by renewed strength in September which internationally was only down 7% from the prior quarter average.  We continue to work with the global neurology community to improve their confidence in using TYSABRI safely. For instance in Germany Biogen Idec has over the past 12 months partnered with a local neurology community to formalize relationships between more academic reference centers in many of the larger MS clinics so that TYSABRI prescribing can occur in a more structured environment and according to a common protocol developed and published by the Medical Advisory Board of German MS AOLs. To date 250 top German MS treatment centers are linked to 40 reference centers.  We also continue to communicate with physicians about TYSABRIs unprecedented efficacy and market research confirms that physician confidence with TYSABRI continues to improve. During the three months from June to August in the US TYSABRI became the No. 1 switch to therapy for the first time since the first half of 08 with Copaxone patients being the primary source of switches. We continue to strengthen TYSABRIs efficacy position through physician awareness of data presented at this years ECTRIMS and AAN that demonstrates TYSABRIs ability to provide many patients with freedom from disease activity as well as improvement in physical and mental disability. Based on this stream of evidence TYSABRI is changing the treatment paradigm from failure based to improvement based for MS patients. Our newest program Fampridine-SR is progressing well. Biogen Idec is responsible for non-US development and commercialization of Fampridine. Regulatory filings are targeted in Canada by the end of this year and in Europe during the first quarter of 2010. The recent FDA Advisory Committee on October 14 underscored the burden that walking difficulty presents to MS patients and the importance of this new therapy. We hope Fampridine-SR will become the first oral therapy to show efficacy in improving walking ability of patients across the spectrum of MS disease space, including patients with secondary progressive MS and progressive MS for whom there has been previously no indicated treatment. On another note, we are finally in the process of reviewing our manufacturing strategy. As many of you know we continually look at our biologics manufacturing capacity based on the projected volumes of our marketed program products, projected demand, and commercial potential from our clinical programs, process improvements, and other strategic considerations.  I will now turn the call over to our CFO Mr. Paul Clancy to walk you through Q3 financial statements. 
Paul Clancy: Thanks Bob. Our results for the third quarter were in line with our full year operating plan. We are pleased with this performance, especially in the context of a number of challenges this quarter, including normal seasonality, a stronger dollar year-over-year, and reduced RITUXAN rest of world royalties. The GAAP financials I provided in Tables 1 and 2 of the earnings release; Table 3 is a reconciliation of GAAP to non-GAAP financial results. Our Q3 GAAP diluted EPS was $0.95. Our Q3 non-GAAP diluted EPS was $1.12 an increase of 14% on a year-over-year basis. The primary differences between our GAAP and non-GAAP results for the quarter were $51 million related to the amortization of intangible assets, $8 million for employee stock option expense, and an offsetting $13 million impact related to those items. Our amortization of the AVONEX intangible asset was lower this quarter due to an increase in the expected lifetime revenue of AVONEX following the issuance of the 7-75 patents in the third quarter. Now I will move onto the non-GAAP P&L operating performance of Biogen Idec which we believe better represents the economics of our business and reflects how we manage the business internally and set operational goals. Q3 total revenue was $1,121,000,000.00 representing a 3% growth over the same period last year. Year-over-year growth was somewhat muted by foreign exchange which had a negative impact of approximately 4%. Going through our product revenue I will begin with AVONEX. Q3 AVONEX worldwide product revenue was $580 million up 1% versus the same period last year. Q3 US AVONEX product revenue was $348 million representing an 8% increase versus last year. AVONEX units in the US declined approximately 8% which was offset by price increases.  In the US we did experience a continued increase in the number of patients supported by free drugs which we refer to as our Access Program. The impact from supporting Access patients accounted for approximately a 2% to 3% unit decline.  We ended Q3 in the US with approximately 2.2 weeks of inventory in the channel, down from 2.3 weeks in Q2. Q3 international AVONEX product revenue was $232 million representing a decrease of 8% on a year-over-year basis. Remember Q3 2008 was a strong quarter due to the German wholesaler buy-ins which impacted the comparison this year resulting in a small year-over-year unit increase. The unfavorable FX impacted the year-on-year comparison by approximately $25 million on AVONEX international sales. Never the less, AVONEX gained share outside of the US in both a quarter-over-quarter basis and year-over-year basis. Q3 TYSABRI worldwide Biogen Idec product sales were $207 million; a 21% increase versus Q3 2008 and 10% increase sequential quarter. End market sales were $282 million. More than three years after the relaunch TYSABRI continues to deliver double-digit growth on both a quarter-over-quarter and year-on-year basis. US end user TYSABRI sales totaled $131 billion; we booked $59 million of this amount. International TYSABRI sales totaled $148 million and this number is net of a $4 million currency hedge loss. Gross international TYSABRI sales totaled $151 million. The total unfavorable impact of foreign exchange on AVONEX and TYSABRI versus Q3 2009 totaled approximately $37 million. Now moving on to the RITUXAN collaboration revenues referred to as revenue from unconsolidated joint business: we recorded $2184 million in revenue for the quarter representing a decrease of 5% on a year-over-year basis. This is broken down to three components: First, our share of the net US RITUXAN profits. Net US RITUXIN sales were $670 million in the quarter up 2% versus prior year, and our Q3 profit share from that business was $203 million, up 6% versus prior year. Year-over-year we benefited from price increases and lower operating expenses in the collaboration. Second, we received revenues on sales of Rituximab outside the US and in Q3 this was $65 million, down 28% versus prior year. This is driven by the continued expiration of rights to our royalties on a country-by-country basis outside the United States and Canada. For the majority of European countries the first commercial sale of RITUXIN occurred in the second half of 1998. We therefore expect a sequential decrease of royalty revenues moving into Q4 bringing this full year number to approximately $250 million. Third, we were reimbursed $16 million for selling and developing costs incurred related to RITUXIN. Q3 royalties for Biogen Idec were $35 million for the quarter. Now I will turn to the expense lines on the P&L which include the non-GAAP adjustments that I described earlier. Q3 cogs were $93 million representing 8% of revenues. On a year-over-year basis we witnessed a meaningful decline in cogs as a percentage of product revenue. Our manufacturing group has been successful in implementing operations excellence initiatives which has resulted in lower write offs and favorable production variances this year.  Q3 R&D expense was $299 million, a 13% increase on a year-over-year basis and approximately 27% of revenues. The drivers of this increase included a $20 million milestone payment to Cardiokine and the continued progression of our late stage pipeline with investments to support Lixivaptan, BG-12, the peg interferon program and Galiximab and lumiliximab. Q3 SG&A expenses were $221 million representing 20% of revenues and a 2% decrease in overall spend versus prior year. The year-on-year decrease benefited from the strengthening dollar and G&A efficiencies.  Continuing down the P&L our collaboration profit sharing lines totaled $61 million in expense for the quarter. This represents our payment of 50% of profits outside the US to [align] and the reimbursement of third party royalties incurred by [align] outside the US. Other income and expense for the quarter was a gain of approximately $9 million primarily driven by realized gains on the sale of marketable securities and strategic investments as we have de-risked our portfolio in a favorable environment.  Our Q3 non-GAAP tax rate was approximately 27.7%. The decrease in the third quarter non-GAAP tax rate was due to recognizing a 1x discrete benefit associated with certain of company charges and foreign related taxes in conjunction with filing our 2008 tax returns. This resulted in a favorable impact of approximately 160 basis points for the quarter. We expect our Q4 non-GAAP tax rate to be approximately 30%. This brings us to Q3 non-GAAP diluted earnings per share if $1.12. Our full year guidance is essentially in line with prior communication. Full year revenue growth is expected to be in the mid to high single digits on a year-over-year basis modestly changed. Operating expenses are unchanged with full year R&D expected to be between 28% to 30% of revenue and SG&A between 19% and 20%. This results in operating expenses, excluding collaboration profit share, to be between $2.1 and $2.2 billion. The non-GAAP tax rate is expected to be between 28% and 30% for the full year and GAAP tax rate between 29% and 31% for the full year. Non-GAAP diluted earnings per share are expected to be above $3.85, unchanged from prior communication. GAAP diluted earnings per share are expected to be above $2.97 which now includes the favorable impact of lower amortization of intangible assets. Our capital expenditure outlook for the full year is in the range of $150 to $160 million modestly lower.  This guidance excludes any significant business development activity in the fourth quarter. So, Q3 kept us on course to achieve our 2009 full year operating plan as we drove operating margin improvement in the quarter and delivered 14% non-GAAP diluted earnings per share growth. Lastly, I would like to provide some detail on the share repurchase program Jim alluded to in his opening comments. You may recall that Biogen Idec has a 20 million share repurchase authorization which was authorized by the board in October 2006. This program has approximately 6 million shares remaining and has been and will be used for annual share stabilization. Over the last few months we have carefully reviewed three key factors that heavily influence the deployment of capital: namely our access to credit and the health of the financial markets, the landscape for M&A transaction, and the underlying cash flow generation of the Company. With all of these factors in mind Biogen Idecs Board of Directors has recently authorized an additional repurchase of up to $1 billion of common stock. This $1 billion authorization is intended to reduce our shares outstanding with the objective of returning excess cash to shareholders. Repurchase stock in this authorization will be retired, the authorization is open ended and shares will be purchased on the open market.  The repurchase reflects our confidence in the long-term value of our common stock and we believe is an effective way of returning cash to our shareholders. We believe this strikes the right balance in our corporate finance strategy. We are confident in the projected cash flows from our core products such that we can return capital to shareholders while continuing to fund future growth through our pipeline.  We continue to review acquisitions and external growth opportunities and believe we have the cash flow and financing capacity to capitalize on potential opportunities. We will update you on the progress of his stock repurchase program on future earnings calls. I will now turn the call over to Jim for his closing comments.
Jim Mullen: Thanks, Paul and I will be brief because we have a lot of information this quarter and we should get to Q&A. In summary business performance and pipeline progress for the quarter was very good. We believe that the strong fundamentals of the business across all products and geographies will continue to deliver robust results and create significant value for our shareholders. With that, Eric, lets open this up for Q&A.
Operator:  (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from Eric Schmidt with Cowen And Company. 
Eric Schmidt - Cowen And Company :   My question is on the opportunistic infections that Al mentioned regarding Ocrelizumab. I am just looking for a little bit more information. What type of infections did you see, have you observed these in the past with RITUXAN and why isnt the ongoing MS trial impacted?
Al Sandrock, MD: That is a lot of questions. We are not commenting on the types of opportunistic infections. I can say that we saw a lot of these predominantly in Asia and the reason for the imbalance right now is unknown. 
 :
Operator:  Your next question comes from Joel Sendek with Lazard Capital Markets
Joel Sendek - Lazard Capital Markets: I have a question about Fampridine-SR. It looks to me that you are targeting a little bit earlier filing time than you previously stated and I am wondering what is left on the critical path to that filing, and if you could tell us at all about what kind of meetings you have had with the European regulators about the one point that the Company had.
Al Sandrock, MD:  I think the main issue that we had to grapple with was the requirement for a pediatric plan which we have had some verbal interactions with the MEA, and we have a verbal agreement on a plan forward. That was the main issue that we dealt with, and yes we are planning to file in early 2010. 
Operator:  Your next question comes from May-Kin Ho with Goldman Sachs.
May-Kin Ho - Goldman Sachs: You mentioned that you have been talking with the FDA about changing the label on TYSABRI in terms of the higher risk of PML when you have long duration of therapy. Will you be specifying how long patients should be treated and what kind of changes are you thinking about?
Al Sandrock, MD: We are not specifying how long they should be treated, in fact there is not going to be any mention of terminating treatment. The overall risks are still within the rate implied in the label currently. The main reason that we are implementing this label change is predominantly so that our labels worldwide are roughly harmonized in terms of what it says about duration. In some locales our label stated that the link with duration was unknown and clearly that is not compatible with our current thinking, so that was the main reason for asking for a label change. In terms of the overall risk benefit we believe it remains favorable and nothing major has changes. In fact we think that the risk is basically the same as that implied in the label currently.
May-Kin Ho - Goldman Sachs: Will you have to spell out what the risks are at different time periods?
Al Sandrock, MD: We are still in discussions with the regulators at this point.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Geoff Meecham with J.P. Morgan.
Geoff Meecham - J.P. Morgan: I have a follow up question to the last question. With respect to the label change for TYSABRI how often will you guys update the label and then what do you think would be the FDA or the MEA consequences should one of the longer duration groups exceed the 1/1000 rate?
Al Sandrock, MD: It is difficult to speculate on those things. I mean the frequency of updating the label will be determined by the change in information that we see as more knowledge is gathered.  
Operator:  Your next question comes from Geoffrey Porges with Sanford Bernstein.
Geoffrey Porges - Sanford Bernstein: Back up to TYSABRI for a second, you did give us some incremental information about Galiximab and lumiliximab; I am wondering if you could give us a sense of how much that could potentially reduce your R&D spend in the future if those programs are not continued. How much of the 27% you are spending now would come out and could we see sort of incremental savings to R&D next year?
Paul Clancy: I would say we are right in the middle of it, so not totally prepared. It is 2-0 right now, kind of two out of six or seven of our large pivotal trials, so it does have an impact as we kind of roll into next year. We do want to make sure you are mindful of the fact that this thing isnt necessarily turned off automatically. We will kind of look at the path forward, but I think as we spin into next year and the next earnings call we will be able to give you a lot better visibility as it relates to that impact.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Mark Schoenebaum with Deutsche Bank Securities.
Mark Schoenebaum - Deutsche Bank Securities: Paul, you guys do have 2007 through 2010 longer-term guidance out there from a top line and bottom line perspective. Are you still comfortable with that and can you actually give the market shares for AVONEX in the US and Europe?
Paul Clancy: I wouldnt use this call to kind of address anything on or off of that. What I would remind you is that those were a set of goals in totality. They actually had product goals, pipeline goals and financial goals. As we have been around on investor conferences I think we have tried to be clear that some of those goals were on track; some of those goals were far exceeding, particularly on the pipeline front, and some of those goals were kind of falling short of the TYSABRI patient goals obviously. In the totality, in the spirit of those goals that we set up, we still are certainly going after those for the 2007 to 2010 time period.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Josh Schimmer with Leerink Swann.
Josh Schimmer - Leerink Swann: I was curious about the commentary regarding a commercially available assay for relative risk of PML in TYSABRI. Were you referring to the JC virus assay or is there any interest in returning to the Cylex Assay to better quantify the immune system function? The last update I think you were less enthusiastic for that assay but I am wondering if you now have more hope.
Al Sandrock, MD: Actually I was referring to the anti-JCV assay.
Josh Schimmer - Leerink Swann: Is there any interest in returning to the Cylex or other immune quantification type assays to screen patients, has that changed or evolved?
Bob Hamm: We are very interested in assessing immune function. We will continue to look at whatever data come out from Cylex. We are also working on assays related to CD8 response to VC-1.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Yaron Werber with Citi.
Yaron Werber - Citi : On BG-12 which is actually a pretty interesting drug just given some of the issues on safety from the oral drugs out there, are you going to release the 52-week data from the find and from CONFIRM or are we going to have to wait until the 104-week data?
Bob Hamm:  Both of these trials are full two-year trials and our goal is to complete these trials before looking at or announcing data. 
Operator:  Your next question comes from Jason Zhang with BMO Capital Market.
Jason Zhang - BMO Capital Market: You made a comment about assessing your manufacturing capacity. Does that mean you will have excess capacity? If that is a yes is that excess capacity the result of an increase of skill or is it actually a result of lower revenue projection?
Jim Mullen: It is actually a combination of a number of factors. The first and the biggest impact is simply the high side process for TYSABRI that got approved which is almost 4x as productive as the previous commercial process. While that approval was earlier in the year, we are into that process now. I think the other factors are just you drop things like LT beta out of the pipelines, and maybe some of the other protein products there is probably a little less pressure near-term on commercial capacity. Having said all of that, I think people always have to be mindful of backup capacity, so that we have dual sourcing for key programs. That was one of the primary reasons for cross licensing both the Cambridge and RTP facilities as well as having a second large-scale facility. However, having said all of that, I think we believe we have a certainly sufficient capacity and probably too much capacity over the next couple of years at large scale.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Jim Birchenough with Barclays Capital.
Jim Birchenough - Barclays Capital: I was wondering if you could provide an update on the methacycline treatment study in terms of when you would expect data from that study at this point and related to that there is a one log imbalance at baseline it seems between treatment and control and if you get the 40 patients enrolled and you still have that imbalance what do you do at that point?
Al Sandrock, MD: Well we would adjust for that imbalance cyclically and we expect to see data toward the end of next year.  
Operator:  Your next question comes from Christopher Raymond with Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.
Christopher Raymond - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: I have a general question on AVONEX. Jim you alluded to a loss of US market share, can you maybe talk about what the drivers of that might be? Is that increased competitive activity or maybe some change of effort on your part? Without giving anything away can you talk about what specifically you are going to do to change that dynamic?
Jim Mullen: Well, I mean certainly it is increased competitiveness, but a lot of it comes back to old-fashioned marketing and messages and discipline around that. What we are looking to do and what Bob is looking to do is improve and tighten up our marketing message and deliver it in a consistent fashion much as we have done in the international markets, which has proven to be a good strategy. The other thing is you can start to look more regionally or almost more specifically center-by-center to think about how you tailor some of these messages more to the individual centers, the individual regions, which sometimes has slightly different dynamics.
Eric Hoffman: To follow up on the AVONEX market share in the US and x-US, in the US AVONEXs market share of the ABCR market is in the range of 30%, just a tick above; x-US AVONEXs market share in the ABCR market is around 27%.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Steven Harr with Morgan Stanley
Steven Harr - Morgan Stanley: I wanted to get an understanding, previously you guys have said that you did not believe that TYSABRI PML risk was related to time on the drug and then clearly something changed. You gave us exposure numbers, is there something new on number of PML cases you can offer us, or is there something you can offer us as an explanation as to why you saw more patients exposed to the drug during the quarter than on therapy? It must have been 1,300 patients that dropped off during the course of the quarter.
Bob Hamm: You know we are not giving out actual patient numbers, but I can tell you as time goes on the numbers of patients treated for the longer duration is increased and our 95% competence intervals on the incident rate narrows and as that happens we get more clarity about the risk. That was the reason why we had decided to update the label with this increase in the risk with the length of exposure.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Eun Yang with Jefferies & Co.
Eun Yang - Jefferies & Co.: We heard recently from your [inaudible] that there were a few more cases of PML and so the number of cases around that are around 17. With that said there seems to be an indication between the duration of TYSABRI treatment and PML cases and some docs tended to focus on the longer duration therapy, so when you look at the patients who have been on the treatment for 24-months or longer PML rate runs around 1 in 800 which is higher than what is in the label currently. So, my question to you is what do you think would be the critical threshold of a PML rate that where physicians or regulatory agencies would become more cautious on TYSABRI?
Bob Hamm:  I dont want to speculate what makes regulators want to do things, but I can assure you that our current thinking is that the risk of PML even in that third year beyond 24-months is within the currently implied risk in the label.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Michael Aberman of Credit Suisse.
Michael Aberman - Credit Suisse: I have a follow up question to that in some regards. In Europe you saw a slow down in sales and you are accounting primarily the seasonality; however we know that a number of new PML cases came from there and you are instituting changes in Germany to try to rectify, I guess, a situation where there is perhaps less control. I am wondering if you can just expand on what you have seen in the marketplace in terms of Europeans perception about risk and explain in more detail what you are doing in Germany to counter that.
Bob Hamm:  Well actually at this time, as I said, seasonality we think accounted for July, August, and September actually bounced back quite nicely including levels in Germany we hadnt seen for three months or so. So, I think the German authorities and the KOLs there that are working with us have taken a very responsible approach and just making sure that appropriate use of TYSABRI is monitored and followed up with, but there is no sign that they dont think anything other than this is a risk-benefit matter and that the benefit certainly outweighs the risk.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Maged Shenouda with UBS.
Maged Shenouda - UBS: Can you just elaborate a little bit on patient churn with TYSABRI or even compliance? Are you seeing any changes since the FDAs recent commentary on PML risk?
Bob Hamm: No, we arent seeing that. We did see that about a year or so ago with the first cases, but thus far we are really not seeing any reaction to other information discussions ongoing.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Rachel McMahon with Banc of America Securities.
Rachel McMahon - Banc of America Securities: On TYSABRI can you talk about what proportion of patients in your database are implementing drug holidays, how long a holiday might be, and when you calculate your patients, if a patient misses two doses are you still considering them to be on drug?
Al Sandrock, MD: From the data we have we are seeing very, very isolated cases of that. We are really not seeing anything more than physician practices that have been in place probably for a year, so no there has not been any real change in that regard.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Geoffrey Porges with Sanford Bernstein.
Geoffrey Porges - Sanford Bernstein: I have some follow up R&D questions; one is on BG-12. Do you have any ideas when you might be in a position to start a combination study or will you have to get the full two-year data from the ongoing Phase III? Then on the Factor IX, during a pivotal trial is there any sense of whether you might initiate a pivotal trial for comparable Factor VIII program?
Al Sandrock, MD: Let me take that last question first. The Factor VIII IND has been submitted in Q3 as we had planned and we are waiting for feedback on that, so we are very excited about that program as well and we hope to initiate Phase I trials with that soon after we hear the FDA feedback. In terms of BG-12 we are very interested in combination therapy. We do not feel we need to complete the Stage III program before we start work on combination therapy and our plan is to initiate combination work as early as early next year.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Geoff Meecham from J.P. Morgan.
Geoff Meecham - J.P. Morgan: I have a bigger picture question for Jim, with Als updates to the pipeline today and the developments with [Identry] you guys have a little bit less late stage pipeline assets and I am wondering what this share repurchase says about your willingness to do deals to backflow the pipeline?
Jim Mullen: I think as Paul tried to explain, what I thought was relatively clearly, we did go through the process of looking across the M&A landscape, our cash flows and what the financing markets are and we think there has been a market change in the financing market than access to capital. So, our willingness to do deals is certainly not, I wouldnt take any signal from the share buyback of our willingness to do deals. I think we are being pragmatic about what is out there in fact and we are going to continue to be very active on the PD front with an emphasis to things that are late stage programs.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Jim Birchenough from Barclays Capital.
Jim Birchenough - Barclays Capital: I just want to tie up a lose end, a number of 17 confirmed PML cases was put forward. Is that the number that you are familiar with and when will we get a formal update from the Company on PML cases next?
Jim Mullen: I think as we have said previously we arent going to be giving everybody the count by count to the extent we do update that, that will be in the context of medical meetings. What we will discuss are things like we discussed today, things that are meaningful to either what is going on in the marketplace or the label. I think that is probably a more appropriate way to really discuss the risk/benefit of the compound going forward.
Operator:  Your last question comes from Yaron Werber with Citi.
Yaron Werber - Citi : Paul, I have one quick question on amortization and one on the guidance. On the amortization of acquired intangible assets it was a big drop off this quarter and you did mention that, is that sustainable going forwards and into the out years? Secondly just on the share buyback, can you give us a sense as to is this something you want to get done over the next few months, or is this something that is now going to get done over the long term? Because if you look at your guidance for Q4 I am surprised you are not raising it further, because you have already done $293 and you are easily on track to do more than $4.00 this year, so I am just trying to understand what is going on here.
Paul Clancy: The amortization which affects the GAAP P&L, not the non-GAAP P&L, every year we will, as per kind of our accounting policy, revisit the economic useful life of that asset. That asset was put on the books when the Biogen and Idec merger came together. With the issuance of the 775 patents the lifetime revenue of AVONEX is projected to be a bit more durable than it was in the past year. We do anticipate that the run rate that you saw in Q3 will be the run rate for that amortization plus or minus in Q4 and spinning into 2010. Then, as per our policy we will continue to look at that useful life on an annual basis, call it a year from now. With respect to the share buyback timing, in my comments I kind of said that it was open ended, so we expect to do it in a very thoughtful, diligent way, trying to capitalize on low points in the stock price within the guidelines from a 10B 18 perspective. It wont have a meaningful impact even if we are very aggressive in the fourth quarter, it just wont have a meaningful impact because of the way the share counts are counted for 2010.
Eric Hoffman:
Operator:  Ladies and gentlemen that does conclude the conference call for today. We thank you for your participation. (Operator Instructions)

===== 2009 Q2  (2009-07-16 08:30:00) =====
Executives: James C. Mullen - Chief Executive Officer Dr. Al Sandrock - Senior Vice President, Neurology R&D Robert Hamm - Chief Operating Officer Paul J. Clancy - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President of Finance Eric S. Hoffman, PhD. - Investor Relations
Analysts : May-Kin Ho - Goldman Sachs Eric Schmidt - Cowen & Co. Steven Harr - Morgan Stanley Bret Holley - Oppenheimer & Co. Jim Birchenough - Barclays Capital Michael Aberman - Credit Suisse Mark Schoenebaum - Deutsche Bank Securities Kareem De Felipe - Citigroup Geoffrey Porges - Sanford Bernstein Geoff Meecham - J.P. Morgan Eun Yang - Jefferies Joel Sendek - Lazard Capital Markets Ian Somaiya - Thomas Weisel Partners Jason Zhang - BMO Capital Maged Shenouda - UBS Josh Schimmer - Leerink Swann
Operator: Good morning my name is Celeste and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Biogen Idecs second quarter 2009 earnings conference call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. (Operator Instructions). Mr. Hoffman you may now begin your conference.
Eric S. Hoffman: Welcome to Biogen Idecs second quarter 2009 earnings conference call. Before we begin, Id encourage everyone to go to Investor Relations website to find the press release and related financial tables including reconciliation of the non-GAAP financial measures that well discussed today. We have also posted slides on our website that outline the topics discussed on todays call. As usual, well start with the Safe Harbor statement. Comments made in this conference call include forward-looking statements about our expected future results including our 2009 financial guidance, our longer-term operational and financial goals, the sales potential of Tysabri and other products and pipeline advancements. These statements are subject to risks and uncertainties which could cause actual results to differ materially from expectations. You should carefully review the risks and uncertainties that are described in our earnings release, and in Item 1A of our most recent annual and quarterly reports filed with the SEC. We do not undertake any obligation to publicly update any forward-looking statements. Today on the call Im joined by Jim Mullen, CEO of Biogen Idec; Dr. Al Sandrock, Senior Vice President Neurology R&D; Bob Hamm, Chief Operating Officer; and Paul Clancy, CFO and Executive Vice President of Finance. With that, Ill turn the call over to Jim Mullen.
James C. Mullen: Good morning. Im very pleased to be able to report a successful quarter. Not only was our financial performance strong, but we also made significant progress in a number of strategic fronts. Total revenue grew 10% year-over-year to $1.1 billion and product revenues were up 16% year-over-year. Non-GAAP EPS for the same quarter 2009 was $0.75 and this includes $0.32 impact attributable to the $110 million upfront payment to Acorda. Our pipeline is progressing both organically and inter-business development. Within the last month, we dose our first patient with pegylated interferon. Phase III trial reached the data read-out and discontinued the CDP323 phase II study, and in-licensed the ex-US rights to Fampridine-SR from Acorda Therapeutics. Our marketed products posted strong business performance in the second quarter. Avonex revenue continues to grow with revenues up 12% year-over-year with success driven by the long-term safety and efficacy profile. Tysabri patient growth has accelerated. More than 3300 net new patients were added in Q2 for a total of 43,300 patients on therapy. We believe that our marketing and sales efforts focus on the compelling efficacy, started to take hold of physicians in Q1 and translated to accelerated patient growth in Q2. We achieved Tysabri global in-market net sales in the quarter of more than $250 million which puts us on a blockbuster $1 billion run rate, and revenue from the Rituxan and consolidated joint business was $276 million, a net US sales of $696 million. Chief operating officer, Bob Hamm, will take you through an update of the commercial franchises. Strategically, our pipeline is focused on first-in-class or best-in-class specialty products and diseases with high-end that need a global application. Well provide a couple examples of recent progress. With pegylated interferon program, we made significant progress. On this program for relapsing multiple sclerosis, we enrolled our first patient in our phase III advanced trial in June, and the program was granted Fast Track status by the FDA recently. On the Acorda licensing agreement, we were very happy to announce in July 1st an exclusive collaboration and license agreement with Acorda to develop a commercialized Fampridine-SR in the markets outside the US. Were excited by the potential benefits that functional modifier can bring to MS patients. Dr. Al Sandrock who is in the Neurology and R&D organization will give you an update on a number of the pipeline programs. Were also pleased to have a resolution during the quarter of our arbitration with Genentech over decision-making rights for the CD20 franchise. The arbitration panel issued a decision in June and reaffirmed Biogen Idecs contractual right to fully participate in strategic decisions regarding the development of Rituxan and other anti-CD20 antibodies. And finally with respect to performance, our goal for 2007-2010 is to deliver 15% top-line, a 20% non-GAAP bottom-line compounded annual growth rate. With six strong quarters in the book, were on track to achieve these financial goals. Were updating our 2009 non-GAAP earnings per share to be above 385 and we continue to expect cash flow to exceed earnings. The new guidance includes the impact of the $110 million upfront payment through the quarter which will have a $0.38 impact for the full year 2009. CFO, Paul Clancy will give you additional financial details. In conclusion, the second quarter was a successful one and were updating our full year 2009 guidance. Our main focus was re-accelerating Tysabri patient growth in the quarter and we accomplished that goal. We have strong franchises, cash flow, and balance sheet ending the quarter with approximately $2.7 billion in cash and marketable securities. Well continue to focus on products, pipeline, and performance as drivers of long-term shareholder value creation. I will now hand the call over to Dr. Al Sandrock, Senior Vice President, Neurology and R&D.
Dr. Al Sandrock: Today, I will be providing a number of updates on our pipeline with an emphasis on neurology. Before we get to neurology, I want to provide a brief update on our Adentri program which was recently assigned the generic name (tonopofylline). Based on discussions internally and with external experts and following Mercks results with rolofylline, we have decided to revise the Trident-1 trial of (tonopofylline) in acute decompensated heart failure patients with renal insufficiency from a phase III study to a phase II study. The size of this study will be reduced accordingly and data from this placebo control of multi-center trial are now expected in the first half of 2010. This new approach will provide us high quality data to inform the doses, patient population, and end-points of future clinical trials as well as reduced investment risk given the failure of a similar compound. Most importantly, we expect this will have limited impact on our approval time-line. Now, Ill spend the rest of my time updating you on our MS programs. As was have said in the past, our goal with MS is simple but powerful, slow, stop, and eventually reversal of the disease. With Avonex, weve made major progress on slowing the disease. At the recent AAN meeting, we presented the Champion 10-year extension study. In this study, we follow patients on Avonex for a decade after initiating therapy at the first clinical event suggestive of multiple sclerosis. These patients continue to have a significantly lower probability of experiencing a second attack versus those patients with delayed treatment. The data showed that of the patients taking Avonex, 80% remain below an EDSS score of 3, meaning they remain fully ambulatory with moderate disability. These data show that starting Avonex treatment shortly after symptom onset may translate into an ability to remain active and enjoy daily activities that otherwise might be lost without early treatment. Turning to Tysabri, it has been about 3 years since Tysabri was re-introduced in the United States and launched internationally, and we have learned a great deal in that time about both the efficacy and safety of Tysabri. Based on the growing body of unprecedented efficacy data, we believe that Tysabri goes a long way towards stopping disease activity and relapsing on those patients. In February, we and our collaborators published in the Lancet Neurology that after 2 years of therapy, 37% of Tysabri treated patients remained free of disease activity compared to 7% of placebo treated patients. For these patients, disease-free meant no relapses, no sustained disability progression, and no MRI evidence of disease activity; a significant advancement over the ABCR therapies. More recently, as presented at the AAN meeting, a post hoc analysis of the two-year AFFIRM pivotal trial showed that a substantial proportion of patients on Tysabri treatment experienced sustained improvement of physical disability. In addition, data from an ongoing one-year longitudinal health outcome study demonstrated overall improvement from baseline in cognitive functioning, fatigue, and quality of life in as early as 3 months. No other drug for the treatment of relapsing MS has demonstrated efficacy across such a broad range of outcome measures. With respect to safety where of course aware of the recent speculations on Tysabri safety including external analysis linking PML risk to therapy duration or to geography, preliminary case reports of adverse events and various single center studies. However, I would caution that it can be misleading to draw conclusions from isolated snap shots of limited data. For example, at one drawn conclusions after the first four post-marketing cases, one might have determined that males have a higher risk. I point this out only to caution against premature conclusions based on limited data. It is important to note that Tysabri is one of the most intensively monitored drugs on the market today. You will recall that there are three main components of our risk management plan. First, every single US patient is enrolled in the Touch Registry to monitor for PML. Outside the US, there are a number of patient registries in major European countries. As such, we believe we have complete ascertainment of PML cases worldwide. Second, we have more than 5600 patients enrolled in our TYGRIS study, a 5-year global observational study powered to detect rare and unexpected safety signals. Last week we had more than 1000 patients enrolled in the STRATA long-term extension study where we were collecting longitudinal data such as JCV load in the plasma, peripheral blood lymphocytes, and urine. Based on the wealth of information we have to date, the incidence of PML remains well within the rate indicated by the Tysabri label and it is too soon to come to any conclusions about specific risk factors. We are nearly one year removed from the initial post-marketing cases of PML reported with Tysabri. As you know, there have been 10 confirmed cases with Tysabri monotherapy since July 2006 out of the total of 56,500 patients treated. Nine of the 10 patients remain alive with varying levels of disability. While not all of them are where wed like them to be, the range of outcomes appears to be better than estimated at the time the drug was unanimously recommended for approval by the FDA Advisory Committee more than 3 years ago. With clinical vigilance and intervention, we have learned that PML can be detected early and may in fact be survivable. Since the withdrawal in February 2005, we have made every effort to learn all we can about PML, in particular look for risk factors to develop ways to mitigate the risk and to improve outcome should PML occur. Early on, these efforts were focused on early diagnosis and treatments for PML. We now have a validated sensitive and standardized commercial assay to enable the accurate diagnosis of PML. We were able to provide guidance to physicians on the use of plasma exchange to rapidly remove the effects of Tysabri in the event of PML, and this may have improved the clinical outcome in our post-marketing cases. We also identified Mefloquine as a potential treatment for PML and are conducting a clinical trial to test its effectiveness. Of late, the team has turned its attention to identifying risk factors and risk mitigation strategies. The primus behind these efforts is that PML results from a convergence of factors including the presence of JC virus, latency, immune compromise, viral mutations in the host. With respect to the prevalence of virus, the old textbook notion that JC virus is present in 80% or 90% of humans has been refuted by the preponderance of recent data in larger US and European cohorts using modern serological techniques that indicate that the sero-prevalence is actually closer to 50%. Should we be able to identify specific risk factors, we plan to provide the appropriate information to physicians which will enable them to make the right treatment decisions for their patients. Moreover, we have reached out to other companies in our industry that have products associated with PML and we are pooling our resources in a consortium to accelerate efforts to understand and develop mitigation strategies for PML. Given the significant impact Tysabri has in the lives of patients with relapsing MS, we are committed to learning as much as we can about the risk of PML and developing strategies and tactics so that the drug can be used in the most appropriate way for the most appropriate patients. Now, a word about communication: Our communication of the Tysabri benefit-risk profile has long been led by the needs of clinicians their MS patients, and we will continue to provide the MS community with timely information important to making clinical decisions in a responsible manner. As I stated previously, this is an intensively monitored drug and we continue to have discussions with regulators on an ongoing basis. I know I have spent a lot of time talking about safety, but it is important to put that in the context of the benefit Tysabri brings to patients with relapsing MS. Everyday, we hear from physicians and patients about how Tysabri has made a significant positive impact on their lives. They are in fact corroborating the benefit that we have observed in our clinical trials on a wide array of measures of efficacy and quality of life. This drug was approved because it offers hope for many patients with this devastating disease. Now, a few words about the progress weve made in our MS pipeline. We enrolled our first patient in our phase III advanced trial of pegylated interferon last month, and the program was recently granted Fast Track status by the FDA. We expect to complete enrollment in our second phase III trial of BG12 later this year, and our daclizumab and anti-CD20 programs remain on track. We and our partner UCB recently announced that a phase II study of the oral alpha-4 integrated antagonist CDP323 in relapsing MS was terminated following a preliminary interim analysis. Finally, we are preparing to file IND on anti-LINGO at around the end of the year. The anti-LINGO antibody has been shown to re-myelinate nerve fibers in our animal studies and thus promises to reverse some of the damage done by diseases like MS. Lastly, I will also mention the newest and very exciting addition to our MS portfolio, Fampridine-SR. This oral small molecule is the first-in-class selective blocker of voltage gated potassium channels which is thought to improve nerve conduction in demyelinated nerve fibers. Fampridine-SR has completed two successful phase III clinical trials under special protocol assessments and these trials have demonstrated improved walking ability in patients with multiple sclerosis. Mobility is a critical issue for many MS patients, and we believe that his novel functional modifier can provide clinically meaningful benefit for many patients. Biogen Idec is responsible for ex-US regulatory filings and are planning a submission to the EMEA in the first half of 2010. So, again, it is our goal to slow, stop, and reverse MS. We are making progress and we look forward to continuing to update you on our progress in the quarters ahead. With that, Ill hand it over to our Chief Operating Officer, Bob Hamm.
Robert Hamm: During the second quarter, our global revenue was $1.93 billion, up 10% year-over-year. Second quarter Rituxan US net sales were up 7% year-over-year to $696 million. Rituxan revenues on our P&L were $276 million, down 1% year-over-year driven by 12% growth in quarter 2 US profit share offset by a 29% decline in our international Rituxan revenues as our ex-US royalties began to expire. Our product revenues of $791 million grew nearly 16% year-over-year fueled primarily by new 10-year data on early use of Avonex and re-accelerating Tysabri patient growth. Q2 marked our first quarter of Tysabri sales over $250 million, a blockbuster run rate. Our solid Rituxan sales performance has been driven by continued adoption in the NHL post-induction setting as well as a second-line biologic in RA. We believe that our recent marketing efforts updating Rituxan safety profile with over 6 years of clinical experience totaling more than 5000 patient years have supported physicians increasing use of Rituxan in RA. Our marketing efforts emphasizing lasting efficacy with Rituxan have started to take hold as well. On the regulatory front, we supplemented our DMARD-IR sBLA filing with some additional data from the recent image study, and our current PDUFA date is now in October. In addition, we and our partners filed CLL data in May from both the CLL8 and the REACH studies. Moving to the neurology business, Avonexs $591 million in global revenue for Q2 is up 12% year-over-year. With a run rate of over $2 billion and approximately 135,000 patients on therapy worldwide, Avonex is the foundation of our market-leading franchise in neurology. In the US, we have completed an expansion of our Avonex sales force. This expansion will increase our Avonex voice and position us to take advantage of the recently released Avonex 10-year Champions data. The results of this study have been positively received by physicians. Avonex pioneered early treatment of MS and now with the Champions 10-year followup data, were the only brand showing long-term benefit in early MS also known as clinically isolated syndrome. Dr. Sandrock took you through some of the data, but the message is simple: Start Avonex early and stay active longer than with the late therapy. Turning to Tysabri, we had global in-market revenues of $254 million in the second quarter, a 27% increase compared to the prior year. We continue to increase the number of patients on Tysabri in the US and globally and we have seen strong recovery in our patient growth rates. During Q2, our weekly net new patient adds increased more than 50% from a Q1 average of about 170 a week to a Q2 average of more than 260 per week. As we mark our third anniversary on the market this month, approximately 43,300 patients are receiving Tysabri each month and of those approximately 10,000 patients have now been on therapy for over 2 years. At R&D Day in March, we laid out our plans for driving reacceleration of Tysabri growth, be candid and honest with our customers, put the risk in perspective, and then clearly communicate the benefits. Our global commercial organization is now focused on maximizing the impact of new Tysabri data discussed by Dr. Sandrock. Collectively, these unique data suggests that Tysabri has the ability to slow and potentially stop or even reverse some symptoms of MS. We believe that these strong data have helped physicians move past the shock of the first postmortem case of PML and again focus on the compelling efficacy. This continued stream of Tysabris unprecedented efficacy is resonating with physicians and were seeing this translate into a reacceleration of patient growth rates to the highest levels since July 2008. Dr. Sandrock discussed some of the Fampridine-SR data and what it might mean to patients. From a commercial perspective Fampridine is a good strategic fit and supports Biogen Idecs commitment to bring new therapies to MS patients and expand our global MS leadership. Fampridine fits nicely into the bag of our existing MS sales force. We expect it to be used as a compliment medication with disease-modifying therapies such as Avonex and Tysabri as well as in patients with progressive forms of the disease to help them maintain their mobility. The partnership is highly synergistic with Biogens existing MS infrastructure. So, we required limited incremental OpEx. Biogen Idecs large global footprint provides significant access to non-US markets. In conclusion, were embarking on the second half of this year with an increased Avonex sales force and unique new long-term efficacy data. Tysabri patient growth is reaccelerating well and this quarter puts Tysabri on a blockbuster run rate, and were very excited about our partnership with Acorda Therapeutics to bring Fampridine to the MS market as the first functional modifier to help MS patients keep the one thing they prize highly, their mobility. With that, Ill hand it over to our CFO, Mr. Paul Clancy.
Paul J. Clancy: Ill provide detail on our Q2 financial results in our updated 2009 guidance. Q2 non-GAAP diluted earnings per share was $0.75; this includes the impact of the $110 million payment to Acorda that reduced EPS by $0.32 this quarter, and we expect will reduce EPS by $0.38 for the full year. I will explain in a bit more detail the tax impact for Q2 in the balance of the year. Without the $110 million payment, Q2 non-GAAP EPS would have been approximately $1.07. The GAAP financials are provided in tables 1 and 2 of the earnings release; table 3, you will find a reconciliation of the GAAP to non-GAAP financial results. Our Q2 GAAP diluted earnings per share was $0.49 including the Acorda upfront payment. The primary differences between our GAAP and non-GAAP results for the quarter were $93 million related to the amortization of intangible assets, $6 million for pre-tax employee stock option expense, and a $25 million tax impact related to these items. Now, Ill move onto the non-GAAP P&L operating performance of Biogen Idec which we believe better represents the ongoning economics of the business and reflects how we did manage the business internally and set operational goals. Q2 total revenue was $1.93 billion, representing a 10% growth over the same period last year. Q2 Avonex worldwide product revenue was $591 million, representing a 12% increase over the same period last year. Q2 US Avonex product revenue was $366 million, representing a 20% increase over the same period last year. On a sequential basis, US Avonex revenues were up 8%. Units increased by nearly 2% versus Q1 in a March price increase accounted for the remaining growth. We ended Q2 will approximately 2.3 weeks of inventory in the channel, essentially unchanged from Q1. Q2 international Avonex product revenue was $225 million, representing an increase of 2% on a year-over-year basis. Units increased at double-digit rates versus prior year in both our direct and distributor markets. This growth was offset by unfavorable foreign exchange impact of approximately $30 million on international Avonex sales. Q2 Tysabri worldwide Biogen Idec product sales were $188 million, a 27% increase versus Q2 2008. In market sales were $254 million making Tysabri a blockbuster drug on a run rate basis. As Bob noted, we were encouraged to see a rebound in global Tysabri patient demand during Q2. Net new patient adds on a worldwide basis for Q2 2009 accelerated to average more than 260 per week versus about 170 per week in Q1 09. US end-user in-market Tysabri sales totaled $125 million; Biogen Idec booked $57 million of this amount. International end-user Tysabri sales totaled $129 million. The unfavorable impact of foreign exchange on Q2 Tysabri international sales was approximately $13 million. Combining the unfavorable impact for both Tysabri and Avonex revenue for the quarter was approximately $44 million or greater than 5%. Now, moving to Rituxan collaboration revenues referred to as revenue from unconsolidated joint business, we recorded $276 million in revenue for the quarter, representing a decrease of 1% on a year-over-year basis. Our Rituxan revenues are broken down into three components. First, our share of the net US Rituxan profits; US Rituxan sales were $696 million in the second quarter, up 7% versus prior year, and our profit share from that business was $199 million, up 12% versus prior year. The year-over-year increase benefited from price increases in lower collaboration operating expenses. Second, we received revenue on sales of rituximab outside the US, and in Q2 this was $60 million, down 29% versus prior year, driven by the expiration of our royalties on a country-by-country basis and unfavorable foreign exchange. Lastly, we were reimbursed $16.7 million for selling and developing costs incurred related to Rituxan. Q2 royalties for the quarter were $25 million. Now, turning to the expense lines and the P&L, which includes the non-GAAP adjustments that I described earlier; Q2 cost of good sold were $91 million or 8% of revenues. During Q2 we incurred only $2.1 million in write-offs related to unmarketable inventory. This is what primarily drove the sequential quarters decline in COGs. On a year-over-year basis, COGs declined due to the expiration of certain third-party royalties on Avonex. Q2 R&D expense was $412 million, a 65% increase on a year-over-year basis and approximately 38% of revenues. The drivers of this were the $110 million payment to Acorda and the continued progression of our late-stage pipeline. Without the $110 million Acorda payment, R&D expense grew by 21% on a year-over-year basis and was approximately 28% of revenues. For the third quarter, we expect R&D expense to be impacted by a milestone payment of $20 million to Cardiokine related to the progress on the lixivaptan program. Q2 SG&A expenses were $216 million, representing 20% of revenues and an 11% year-over-year decrease. The year-over-year comparison benefited from the strengthening dollar and G&A efficiencies. Continuing down the P&L, our collaboration profit sharing line totaled $49 million in expense for the quarter. Other income and expense for the quarter was a gain of approximately $15 million. This was driven by $10 million of gain realized on marketable securities and strategic investments. Specifically in the second quarter we liquidated certain debt securities, all of our non-agency mortgage-backed securities, and an investment in a biotech company, all for net gains versus book. We ended the quarter with $2.7 billion of cash and marketable securities on the balance sheet. Our Q2 non-GAAP tax rate was approximately 34.6% which is higher than our normal effective tax rate. The increase in the non-GAAP effective tax rate was driven by two factors; first, certain state items resulted in an unfavorable impact of approximately 200 basis points. This is a discrete impact for Q2 only. Secondly, the agreement with Acorda was entered into by an ex-US Biogen affiliate and as a result there is no US tax benefit. This resulted in an unfavorable impact for Q2 of approximately 500 basis points for the non-GAAP effective tax rate. This will also increase our effective tax rate in Q3 and Q4 as non-discrete tax impacts are reflected across all quarters. Specifically, we expect that our effective tax rate will increase in Q3 and Q4 by approximately 200 basis points to about 30% non-GAAP tax rate for Q3 and Q4. This short-term unfavorable impact is obviously more than offset when the Fampridine business becomes cash flow positive. This brings us to our Q2 non-GAAP diluted earnings per share of $0.75 and without the Acorda payment non-GAAP diluted EPS would have been $1.07. Now, Id like to provide our updated 2009 guidance. Revenue growth is expected to be in the high single digits on a year-over-year basis, essentially unchanged from previous guidance. Operating expenses excluding collaboration profit share are expected to be between $2.1 billion and $2.2 billion. This now includes the payment of $110 million to Acorda Therapeutics. R&D is expected to be approximately 28% to 30% of total revenue; balance of our year R&D is expected to be between 26% and 28% of revenue. SG&A is expected to be between 19% and 20% of total revenue. Our non-GAAP tax rate is expected to be between 29% and 31% for the year. As noted, the balance of year tax rate non-GAAP is expected to be approximately 30%. Our GAAP tax rate is expected to be between 30% and 32%. Non-GAAP diluted earnings per share is expected to be above $3.85. GAAP diluted EPS is expected to be above $2.75. This now includes the Acorda impact for the year of approximately $0.38. Additional note regarding Tysabri; weve been positing weekly updates related to PML on our website for more than six months. In keeping with the plan we outlined in January, our final weekly website update about PML cases will be on July 24th, the anniversary of the reintroduction of Tysabri. Going forward, information of all Tysabris benefit and risk profile will be communicated in a way thats much more consistent with other approved drugs. So, in summary, Q2 was a very strong quarter for Biogen Idec that puts us on track to exceed our original full year operating plan. During Q2 we delivered accelerating Tysabri growth with revenues now at a blockbuster run rate, solid Avonex performance leveraging the 10-year Champions data, progress in key pipeline programs including pegylated interferon beta program, disciplined BD activity that expanded our pipeline to include the ex-US rights to Fampridine, and the continued generation of significant operating cash flow. Ill turn the call back to Jim for his closing comments.
James C. Mullen: In summary, business performance pipeline for progress for the quarter was excellent with a double-digit revenue growth, reacceleration of Tysabri patient growth, and completed the strategic Fampridine-SR ex-US licensing agreement. We believe that the strong fundamentals of the business across all products and geographies will continue to deliver robust results and create significant value for shareholders. With that, Eric, well open it up for Q&A.
Eric S. Hoffman: Also joining us for the Q&A session will be Dr. Evan Beckman, SVP of Immunology, Cardiopulmonary, and Emerging Area R&D.
Operator: (Operator Instructions). Your first question comes from the line of May-Kin Ho - Goldman Sachs.
May-Kin Ho - Goldman Sachs: You indicated that one should not really draw conclusions based on the low numbers of PML cases. When do you think that we can actually draw some conclusions including the optimal duration of therapy?
James C. Mullen: Ill answer that question because I think its relatively simple, but its not going to be terribly satisfying, I dont think, which is when there is sufficient data both in terms of numbers as well as risk factors that points you in a direction, and were just not there yet.
May-Kin Ho - Goldman Sachs: So, do you have any idea what is the approximate number of either cases or patients or patient years?
James C. Mullen: Obviously, as we wrap around having larger cohorts of patients that have been on the drug for 18 months, 24 months, 36 months, the confidence intervals on what the rate is, either cumulatively or at any of these intervals, gets better and better. Probably when you touch 10,000 or 15,000 patients past 36 months before we get comfortable, but I do remember when people were talking about when it will be 12 months, when it will be 18 months, when it will be 24 months; so I suspect, when we get to 36 months, people will be talking about 48.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Eric Schmidt - Cowen & Co.
Eric Schmidt - Cowen & Co.: Congrats on a great quarter. Let me ask the obvious; what kind of trends have you seen with Tysabri over the last few weeks, post the string of cases, the PML cases that we saw in June?
Robert Hamm: As we discussed weve seen an increase in reacceleration and were seeing more than 200 new patients on therapy each week in a real-life basis, and the summer has some ups and downs, but generally speaking, it has not been affected.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Steven Harr - Morgan Stanley.
Steven Harr - Morgan Stanley: As youve seen the string of cases, have you had any discussions with European or US regulators around potentially any change in the risk-benefit profile for Tysabri?
James C. Mullen: We have been in regular conversations with European and US regulators and other regulators, for that matter wherever this product is approved since 2005. So, I dont know of any significant discussions about changing the label.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Bret Holley - Oppenheimer & Co.
Bret Holley - Oppenheimer & Co.: I have a followup question to Erics question. I am wondering outside of the US, what the trends will look like on a weekly basis; it seems like it slipped off and I am just wondering how youd break it down ex-US versus US for Tysabri.
Robert Hamm: Theyve remained very consistent along with the US in that regard.
James C. Mullen: Weve seen acceleration in both US and ex-US, and the other thing I would know because its something that we pointed a few years ago, that we expect that the ex-US sales and patient numbers would exceed the US and indeed thats where we are now.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jim Birchenough - Barclays Capital.
Jim Birchenough - Barclays Capital: My congratulations on the quarter. I am just trying to understand better how each individual case of PML is reported to the clinical community; I am guessing clinicians are tuning into the website every Friday; so just wondering, are clinicians sensitive to the string of cases we have seen recently and how is that communicated?
James C. Mullen: I think it varies by the clinician. Much of what we do is word of mouth. We have a large medical science liaison group, they go out and communicate on a regular basis everything we know about Tysabri, all the emerging data on efficacy as well as safety. We also have medical information phone number, we have a website, and also medical directors in my group as well as the medical affairs have regular communication. I think the amount of interest varies to physician to physician. Some would actually have known about the risk for year, they accept it, and they dont need a daily or weekly update. Others are a little bit more concerned and want more regular contact and I think the value of having a large MSL force is that they can tailor their communication according to the physicians needs.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Michael Aberman - Credit Suisse.
Michael Aberman - Credit Suisse: Im struggling whether to ask another question to try to get out the impact of duration versus cash, may be lets talk about cash for a second; you guys have $2.7 billion in cash now, licensing deal which didnt really use a lot of cash, how are you thinking about the environment out there in terms of potential deals versus potentially returning some cash to shareholders through share buyback?
James C. Mullen: Yes, well our history has been weve been very disciplined. I do think we are in an environment where the evaluations of interesting assets are much more attractive. We always measure any of these deals against whats the value of returning that same amount of money back to the shareholders; so, my view is were in an active period, and if we conclude that we really dont have great investments opportunities, then we will find a way to return to the shareholders, but I think our view right now is its premature.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mark Schoenebaum - Deutsche Bank Securities.
Mark Schoenebaum - Deutsche Bank Securities: Congratulations on another well executed quarter. Just on Acorda, could you help us understand how many patients you think actually have problems walking or may be express in terms of a percent? Just help us understand the commercial potential of that market.
James C. Mullen: I am going to start with that and then send that back to Al or Bob, but there is a slide in this deck, and its an important slide, and Im going to point it to you because its one that also shows a little man walking; lets see, you have to know what number it is; I guess its number 11. I think whats interesting in that slide is when you actually look at the span of people when you go out to clinicians and say who are you likely to use this for, it certainly includes people whom you would not traditionally conclude who are going to be helped on the mobility skill because theyre already at 6 and above, so clearly the impression by clinicians that have used this product is that it has a broader impact beyond the mobility endpoint that was measured for the approval in the US, and itll be the same endpoints in Europe. So you have to think about it much more broadly because its the same question I kept asking our team. How can we be thinking about people above EDS of 6, but in fact there is great interest in that category.
Dr. Al Sandrock : Mobility impact is sort of the hallmark of the onset of secondary progression of MS. The natural history study states that 50% of MS patients get to SPMS in about 10 years after the diagnosis. So we all watch for loss of mobility, and as soon as we start to see it, we worry that were entering into the SPMS phase of disease, which is almost inevitable. Unless youre in the lucky 10% or so that has benign MS, virtually everybody is headed towards SPMS at sometime or another, and in terms of people who benefit, in the phase III trial, when they looked at responders on the ambulation measure, they had two phase III trials that have varied from 35% to 45% and sort of in that range, but I would caution that thats probably an underestimate of who actually benefits from this drug, because this drug will be predicted to affect more spheres beyond mobility. In fact, many studies have shown that it may affect fatigue, vision, other important symptoms that MS patients deal with every day. Ambulation is clearly the improvement in the phase III trial, and there are other published reports of improvements in other spheres, and so clearly a large proportion of patients benefit, and I think the point that Jim made is important. Most of the patients in the phase III trial actually had progressive forms of MS. These are not patients that were reaching right now with our drugs because our drugs are approved for relapsing forms of MS, so a very important drug for MS patients.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Kareem De Felipe - Citigroup
Kareem De Felipe - Citigroup: I have a question also on Fampridine. Have you discussed with European authorities if theyre going to accept the same endpoint that was reached with the FDA or is it going to be a different endpoint? Can you give us any guidance on that sense?
James C. Mullen: There have been some preliminary discussion that Acorda had with the European regulatory agencies in various countries, and our understanding is that the endpoints are getting broad acceptance in Europe as well as in the US.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Geoffrey Porges - Sanford Bernstein.
Geoffrey Porges - Sanford Bernstein: I have a question on pricing for Avonex. It looks as though 80% of the Avonex US growth came from one source, and that in turn was a big chunk of your total topline growth. It looks as through youve taken three 9% price increases over the past year or so. Do you think thats really sustainable in the current environment? Are you getting any pushback from your customers, from your payers about these price increases? Of course, were seeing them across all the MS drugs.
James C. Mullen: I think your math is pretty accurate. As a matter of policy, we dont describe or talk about what our forward-looking plans are. From a business plan point of view, I think thats probably the best indication. We dont expect to be able to take material price increases gong forward.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Geoff Meecham - J.P. Morgan.
Geoff Meecham - J.P. Morgan: I have a question for you on Tysabri in PML. You guys have seen more PML cases. What can you tell us about antibody titers and the JC virus, and do you think a seroconversion test could become part of a routine monitoring?
Dr. Al Sandrock : Thats clearly one of the things were very interested in right now. Were examining that carefully. We were fortunate enough to have pre-PML pre-disease onset serum from some of these cases, and its clearly an area that is of high interest to us, and were looking at it very closely.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Eun Yang - Jefferies.
Eun Yang - Jefferies: You had mentioned that you have seen a rebound in patient demand. Im just wondering do you see a rebound in the number of doses used for patients as well.
James C. Mullen: If I understood that question, youre going after whats the compliance. So if patients are supposed to get 12 doses a year, did they get 12? Ill give that to Paul because hes probably got the granular data.
Paul J. Clancy: I think what we certainly saw and we had pointed out in the back end of 2008 is that we saw a bit of a slippage in that and then first few weeks going into 2009 as well. That did have a modest impact on some on some of the sales figures for Tysabri in Q4 and then in Q1 and particularly when people started looking at price per patient as we did as well. It has come back to what I would characterize as more normal levels. I wouldnt characterize it as it has rebounded past anything more normal, but it has come back to more normal levels. So I think thats the best way to characterize it.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Joel Sendek - Lazard Capital Markets.
Joel Sendek - Lazard Capital Markets: I have a question on Fempridine as well. If the endpoints are pretty much the same and the discussions are already under way or at least Acorda started the discussions on their filing, Im wondering why it might take up to a year to get the filing according to your guidance.
James C. Mullen: The teams are really just digging into all the files at this point. Obviously we did some of that during the diligence exercises, and I think within this quarter, we will have a much more granular view of what thats going to take, but we will be taking the lead on preparing the filing. Of course we need to work with the Acorda folks on that, and we will take the lead with discussion with regulators, but until weve really dug into that, I think we just put a conservative number out there.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ian Somaiya - Thomas Weisel Partners.
Ian Somaiya - Thomas Weisel Partners: I had a question for Al. I was just hoping to get his perspective on whats classically been the type of disability rates and mortality rates with PML and what the experience has been with Tysabri, just trying to tease out what impact your vigilance has had on improving outcomes for patients who do experience PML.
Dr. Al Sandrock: I think this is the one thing that I think were pretty confident that the risk may have decreased. I mean if you look at our label since reintroduction, it states that PML is usually fatal, but I gave you the numbers in the post-marketing cases. Nine out of ten patients are alive now. Its still early days for some of the later patients, but our view is that the clinical vigilance has worked. A lot of people are following our guidelines which were to suspend Tysabri if there is any question that it could be PML because a lot of people are doing that, doing MRI scans as necessary, using the required baseline scan for comparison, and also doing the CSF test, and so I believe that all these factors have helped in early detection in many of these cases, and I think thats one of the reasons why survivability has been better than I predicted when the drug was reintroduced in the United States.
Ian Somaiya - Thomas Weisel Partners: Can you talk about the disabilities that are experienced by these patients?
Dr. Al Sandrock: Well, thats a broad range. There have been some success stories, but some patients havent gotten quite to where we would like them to be, and one patient has passed away, so I think there is more work to do. Thats why we are doing the Mefloquine control clinical trial, and thats why we would like to look for risk mitigation strategies, but I think were somewhat encouraged by the fact that early detection, and we think the plasma exchange also has helped to remove the effect of Tysabri.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Jason Zhang - BMO Capital.
Jason Zhang - BMO Capital: If what we have seen lately is going to have in the future, it seems that cases of PML might be duration related, and I know youre strongly opposing drug holiday. Some physicians might be doing that. There is no scientific basis for that, but Im just wondering as we go forward, duration of treatment is going to be longer for a majority of the patients and physicians might start wondering about some type of strategy of drug holiday. Rather than just letting physicians do that on their own, would it be better for the company to have some structural plans, if thats possible, as one of the mitigating strategy going forward?
Dr. Al Sandrock: In terms of duration, we did have three cases in three weeks in the longer duration period, but weve had two weeks without cases, and we have 1000 patients entering into the greater than 2-year duration now per month. So I think were going to get a lot more clarity. In terms of drug holiday, the reason why weve cautioned against it is that we know that you get return of disease activity. Many of these patients went onto Tysabri because they have bad disease, highly active disease even on first-line therapy. So we were cautioning against drug holidays. We did the plasma exchange study for example to be able to provide guidance to physicians in the even of PML. Should we do something like that? Were thinking about it. I should say that whatever we do, were going to take leadership in that, and we will provide guidance when and if the time is right to do that.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Maged Shenouda - UBS.
Maged Shenouda - UBS: Do you have any commentary on why there are more reported PML cases ex-US versus US, and have regulators drove down on this with you?
James C. Mullen: Weve had regular contact with the regulators, and it is clearly something that has caught our attention, has been for sometime now. We have 8 cases outside the US and two inside. We have looked at multiple factors including prior immunosuppressive agents. Weve looked at the virus. Weve genotyped the virus in as many cases as we can get a hold of the virus, and so far we have not come up with a firm conclusion as to what is going on, but its clearly something that were very interested in, and it could provide a clue, and it may provide some insight as to risk mitigation strategies in the future.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Josh Schimmer - Leerink Swann.
Josh Schimmer - Leerink Swann: My question is related to Jeffs earlier question on predictors of PML in Tysabri. Weve heard that there is a peripheral lymphocyte functional assay that may be useful to evaluate the degree of immunosuppression on Tysabri, and Im wondering whether you see such as assay having a role in patient management in titrating dosing to avoid over-immunosuppression and are there any studies underway to evaluate such an approach?
Dr. Al Sandrock : We see no evidence of peripheral immunosuppression with Tysabri. In fact, if any thing, its the opposite. We see an increase in peripheral blood mononuclear cells because of the Tysabri mechanism of action. Were looking at it though because as I said the premise of our risk mitigation strategies includes the presence of virus and also immune competence, and were evaluating commercially available assays such as the Silex assay. Were evaluating other assays such as PDA response to BP1. There have been some recent publications on that. Its something that were very interested in following up on, but its still work in progress.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Eric Schmidt - Cowen & Co.
Eric Schmidt - Cowen & Co.: My question is for Paul on the guidance for the year. The EPS guidance is still open ended, and if I do the match correctly, if you continue on your current quarterly non-GAAP earnings run rate, youll do $3.94 in non-GAAP EPS for the year, so I guess my question is is there any reason we should think that either Q4 or Q3 might be a down quarter, or are there fewer Avonex selling days to be aware of, or any other increase in spending other than the milestone payment you already highlighted?
Paul J. Clancy: I think I would note as I made in the call that theres a $20 million milestone associated with the Lixivaptan program. Also just note that the tax rate for the next quarters bumps up versus our normal tax rate, but I think were trying to put out numbers that we feel confident that we have a really strong chance of getting towards, and we will continue as usual to push the business as hard as we can for shareholders.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Steve Harr - Morgan Stanley.
Steve Harr - Morgan Stanley: It struck me as you said there are no peripheral immunosuppressive effects of Tysabri as to how the drug then is efficacious in diseases outside of the CNS. It clearly must have some impact or it wouldnt have an impact in Crohns disease and we saw impact in rheumatoid arthritis back 7 or 8 years ago. Is that fair?
Dr. Al Sandrock : The drug we believe works by blocking the trafficking or entry of peripheral blood cells into tissues such as the central nervous system and the GI tract, and so when you take cells out of the peripheral blood and you examine their immune function, they are normal in the way that weve studied them, so thats what I meant.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Geoffrey Porges - Sanford Bernstein.
Geoffrey Porges - Sanford Bernstein: I have a question on other adverse events. There has been one report of CNS lymphoma in a patient treated with Tysabri thats been published, so Im just wondering if you have been notified about any other cases of that condition or similar conditions in the patients who have been treated with the drug?
Dr. Al Sandrock : Yes. Weve known about that case for over a year. In fact, it was included in our periodic safety update that we provide to regulators. This was a case that occurred after 21 infusions. We did causality analysis when we got the case over a year ago, and based on the preclinical studies, the clinical trial data as well as the post-marketing data, we believe that primary CNS lymphoma is not causally linked to natalizumab therapy. We believe that the rate of this disease is consistent with the background rate observed in the general population. I would also noted that in this particular case that the lymphoma was EBV negative, and as you know, this disease can occur in immunocompetent individuals. When it occurs in immunosuppressed individuals, more than 90% of the time, its EBV positive. So for all these reasons, we dont believe there is a causal link between natalizumab and primary CNS lymphoma.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Geoff Meecham - J.P. Morgan.
Geoff Meecham - J.P. Morgan: I have a question for Paul. Your EPS guidance for the rest of the year, can you tell us what you assume here for Rituxan ex-US? Would you expect continued declines from here or sort of stability at near Q2 levels?
Paul J. Clancy: I think there is going to be modest decline as we keep going through the country by country roll-off. The first half saw the majority of the country by country roll-off effect. We were impacted in Q2 negatively by foreign exchange. I dont think its the rate of roll-off. I think prior I guided to around 270. I think well probably end the year at $240 to $250 million to Biogen Idec in terms of Rituxan rest of world.
Operator: That was our last question. We thank you for your participation in todays call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2009 Q1  (2009-04-17 16:30:00) =====
Executives: Jim Mullen - Chief Executive Officer Bill Sibold - Senior Vice President, U.S Commercial Al Sandrock - Senior Vice President, Neurology R&D Paul Clancy - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President Finance. Elizabeth Woo - Vice President, Investor Relations
Analysts: Jason Kantor - RBC Capital Markets Geoffrey Porges - Sanford Bernstein Michael Aberman - Credit Suisse Geoff Meacham - JP Morgan May-Kin Ho - Goldman Sachs Joel Sendek - Lazard Jim Birchenough - Barclays Capital Yaron Werber - Citi Eric Schmidt - Cowen & Co. Mark Schoenebaum - Deutsche Bank Jason Zhang - BMO Capital Markets Maged Shenouda - UBS Chris Raymond - Robert W. Baird
Operator: Good afternoon. My name is Ashley, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Biogen Idecs first quarter earnings conference call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. (Operator Instructions) Ms. Woo, you may begin your conference.
Elizabeth Woo: Welcome to Biogen Idecs earnings conference call for the first quarter 2009. Before we begin, Id encourage everyone to go to the Investor Relations section of our website, www.biogenidec.com and print out the press release and related financial table. Youll find these are particularly helpful when our CFO, Paul Clancy reviews the financial results and the reconciliation to non-GAAP measures discussed today. We have also posted the slides on our website that outline the topics discussed on todays call. Well start with the Safe Harbor statement. Comments made in this conference call include forward-looking statements about our expected future results, including our 2009 financial guidance, our longer-term operational and financial goals, the sales potential of TYSABRI and other products and pipeline advancements.  These statements are subject to risks and uncertainties which could cause actual results to differ materially from expectations. You should carefully review the risks and uncertainties that are described in our earnings release, and in Item 1A of our most recent annual and quarterly reports filed with the SEC. We do not undertake any obligation to publicly update any forward-looking statements. In addition, we have filed a preliminary proxy statement with the SEC for our 2009 annual meeting of stockholders. Before making any voting decision about our annual meeting proposals, you should carefully review our definitive proxy statement and related material, which will be available free of charge at our website or the SECs website. On todays call, Im joined by Jim Mullen, CEO of Biogen Idec; Bill Sibold, Senior Vice President, U.S Commercial; Dr. Al Sandrock, Senior Vice President Neurology R&D; Paul Clancy, CFO and EVP Finance. Ill now turn the call over to Jim.
Jim Mullen: Thank you, Elizabeth. Good afternoon, everyone. The first quarter 2009 results were in line with our expectations, and consistent with full year 2009 guidance we provided in February. Revenue grew 10% year-over-year to more than $1 billion. Non-GAAP earnings per share grew by 27%. In the face of a more challenging macro environment and foreign exchange unfavorability, we saw revenue growth of all three of our marketed products and signs of strengthening TYSABRI trends in the back end of the quarter. We are controlling expenses aggressively, while at the same time investing in and advancing the pipeline that we highlighted at our R&D day in March. We have 20 programs in Phase II trials and beyond, and aim to have nine registrational programs ongoing by the end of the year. Our marketed products posted strong business performance in the first quarter. Total revenues grew 10% year-over-year, and the franchises remain strong. AVONEX remains the global market leader, and success is driven by the long-term safety and efficacy profile.  The number of patients on TYSABRI continues to grow steadily. Approximately 2,400 patients were added in Q1 for a net total of 40,000 patients on therapy. We have reoriented the marketing and sales efforts in TYSABRI and are back to talking about the benefit risk profile. We have seen early signs of success in turning TYSABRI around. Leading indicators have been positive in the second half of the quarter compared to the first half, the hopeful sign for continued strength and acceleration of patient additions as we move past the mid-year in January and early February and just this week, we received FDA approval for the high titer manufacturing process and that follows European approval for the process in December. Revenue for RITUXAN and consolidated joint business grew 13% to over 279 million. RITUXAN is on track to achieve two additional indications. The first is the RA DMARD inadequate responder. The file was submitted last year with the summer 2009 PDUFA date. Also the Image data announced in Q4 should strengthen the competitive profile for RITUXAN and RA. Secondly, we and our partners plan to expand the label in CLL by filing the CLL-8 and REACH data in both U.S. and Europe later this year. Bill Sibold, the SVP, U.S. Commercial will take you through an updated commercial franchises in a few moments. As you have heard from other companies that have reported recently, the impact on the economic downturn is becoming more measurable and weve been monitoring the business closely. We face many of the same issues as others, but believe we have been buffered somewhat from the macro environment because of the severity of our diseases, thats our products treat as well as the expansion of our global footprint in recent years. With that said, we have seen signs of modest impact in our business from the downturn, such as increased requests for free and subsidized products and financial stress of a few of our supply chain partners. Paul, will provide a few details for you. In the current environment we believe it is prudent to exercise some discipline and protect both the bottom line and the balance sheet, and weve been working successfully toward that end. Strategically, our pipeline is focused on first in class or best in class specialty products and diseases with high-end that need a global application. We presented many of our pipeline programs in great detail at our R&D day in March. We provided unprecedented detail on some programs as well as access to people driving the pipeline forward. From the feedback weve heard, like many of you better understand the excitement we have for our pipeline, and those of you who attended witnessed firsthand the excitement and passion of our scientific leaders. Well begin with some installed potential for the peginterferon to extend our AVONEX brand. We will have additional peginterferon data at AAN later this month. In a few minutes, Dr. Al Sandrock will highlight the neurology franchise and pipeline presentation that we will be making at the upcoming AAN meeting. In addition to the positive feedback on R&D day, we recently received independent validation of the quality of our pipeline from Moodys. Among 12 large U.S.-based pharmaceutical and biotech companies, Biogen Idec ranked highest on late-stage pipeline quality, and in the top third on pipeline diversity. Finally, with respect to performance, our goal for 2007 to 2010 is to deliver 15 to 20 top and bottom line compounded annual growth rate. With five strong quarters in the books we are on track to achieve these financial goals. We continue to expect 2009 non-GAAP earnings per share above $4, and we expect cash flow to exceed earnings. Three variables that may have impact on 2009 include the pace and timing of TYSABRI growth, the speed of advancement of late stage clinical trials, and the impact of the ongoing economic downturn. In conclusion, the quarter turned out as we expected consistent with full-year 2009 guidance. We managed through some challenges and worked to deliver bottom-line performance and enhanced balance sheet. With strong franchises, cash flows, and balance sheet, we ended the quarter with approximately $2.5 billion in cash and marketable securities. We continue to focus on products pipeline and performance as the drivers of long-term shareholder value creation. Ill now turn the call over to Bill Sibold, the Head of the U.S. Commercial Business. Bill?
Bill Sibold: Thanks, Jim. In the first quarter our global neurology business delivered approximately $720 million in revenue. This is up 11% versus Q1 of 2008, driven primarily by the growth of TYSABRI over the last year. AVONEXs $555 million in global revenue in Q1 was up 4% year-over-year. This over $2 billion annual run rate reflects the strength of AVONEXs market leading position with approximately 135,000 patients on therapy worldwide. TYSABRI had end market revenue of $227 million in the first quarter, a 42% increase compared to the prior year, keeping it on a growth trajectory comparable to other biologics that became blockbusters such as Enbrel and Remicade. As you can see from the press release, we continue to increase the number of patients on TYSABRI in the U.S. and internationally. We now have over 40,000 patients on commercial and clinical therapy and approximately 6,800 patients have been on therapy for over two years. Now a little bit about AVONEX and TYSABRI in 2009. AVONEX will celebrate its 13th year on the market this year. We continue to be excited about the new data that is coming out about AVONEX. Specifically, I am referring to two significant studies. First, the assurance data that was released at ECTRIMS showed that patients who remained on AVONEX for up to 15 years since the original pivotal trial had reduced disability progressions, greater quality of life, and significantly greater sense of independence and self-care versus those patients who had either switched to another therapy or discontinued therapy. Second, data from the 10-year CHAMPIONS extension trial will be released at AAN later this month. This is the first trial looking at the long-term impact of treatment in early MS patients. AVONEX is the only product with this type of proven long-term efficacy which we know is very important in this market. The combination of AVONEXs proven efficacy and best-in-class compliance is why it is the number one MS therapy in the world. AVONEX disrupts the disease, not patients lives, and has demonstrated that it has the power to work early and keep patients active longer. Turning to TYSABRI; as you may recall at the beginning of the year, I had said that we have three key objectives for TYSABRI in 2009. First, refocus communications on TYSABRIs unprecedented efficacy. Second, help physicians increase their comfort in diagnosing and managing PML. Third, translate resulting improvement in TYSABRIs benefit risk perception into increased and sustained use. Progress against the first objective has been encouraging. The percent of MS-prescribing physicians who believe that the benefits of TYSABRI outweigh the risks has remained very high since December, and is in-line with pre-July 31, 2008, levels.  We believe that this is a result of our significant efforts and the expanding efficacy picture for TYSABRI. While the other MS therapies discuss efficacy in terms of decreasing relapses and slowing disabilities, TYSABRI has been able to demonstrate that in some patients the disease activity halts, and in other patients physical disability associated with MS improved. On the second objective, through the early part of this year, we increased the level of education above PML and clinical vigilance to increase prescribers awareness and comfort in diagnosing and managing the disease. We have also launched a number of other promotional initiatives to assist physician in discussing TYSABRI with their patients and to encourage patient to have open conversations about their therapy needs with their physician. We are looking forward to the upcoming AAN meeting where an update on TYSABRI safety and utilization will occur With respect to TYSABRI trends, we continue to closely monitor international and TOUCH data to understand trends in TYSABRI prescribing patterns with obviously the most detail available for the U.S. As you are aware, there was moderation in patient growth in Q3 that was driven by both the slowdown in the rate of new patient ads as well as an increase in discontinuations and that trend stabilized in Q4. Q1 appears consistent with Q4. However, in the last two months, February and March, we have seen further improvement in the trends for both new patient starts as well as discontinuations. We are optimistic that this trend will continue. The type of patients coming to TYSABRI appears to be unchanged based on both their times since diagnosis with MS and their prior therapy. COPAXONE is still the largest source of switchers. Additionally, we continue to see about 4% to 5% of TYSABRI patients naive to therapy. We are actively engaging multiple channels to gain insight into the markets, feedback from our customers, and to promote TYSABRI. We create touch-points with not only physicians and patients, but also payers, regulators, and patient associations. Specifically on the promotional front, we optimize our reaching frequency of messaging to physicians and patients. We do so through our sales force and patient services group, as well as numerous live peer-to-peer and patient programs, direct mail, and e-mail. In conclusion, we remain excited about the remainder of the year and the future. The new data on AVONEX extend beyond that of any of its competitors in the ABCR market, and further reinforces that it is the right product to start with and stay with for the long-term. TYSABRIs emerging efficacy profile continues to impress and reinforce its positioning, as the product for patients that need more efficacies. Finally, our deep and broad MS pipeline positions us well to drive strong performance in the future. Nobody is doing more for MS than Biogen Idec. I will now hand the call to Dr. Al Sandrock, Senior Vice President, Neurology R&D. Al?
Al Sandrock: Thank you, Bill. As Jim noted, we provided a thorough update of our development pipeline less than a month ago at R&D day, and the slides are up on our website. On todays call, I would like to highlight our activities at the upcoming American Academy of Neurology meeting, which will occur later this month in Seattle.  The AAN meeting is an important venue for us to exchange ideas and information with our neurology colleagues and interact with the MS community. There will be 25 company-sponsored platform and poster presentations at AAN, covering the five compounds that are marketed or in the later stages of development. These include AVONEX, TYSABRI, BG-12, PEGylated interferon beta-1a, and Daclizumab. Biogen Idec is a leader in advancing therapeutics for multiple sclerosis and has already redefining success for patients living with MS. For example, with TYSABRI we are moving beyond slowing the progression of the disease. And as some patients may become free from disease activity or even experience reversal of physical disability during treatment. And if our preclinical experiments are any indication, we may one day even be able to repair the central nervous system that has been damaged by the disease. The AAN will demonstrate that we have one of the most robust MS pipelines in the industry with drugs targeting the multiple biological pathways thought to be critical for disease onset and progression. To date, many of these programs have shown compelling results in clinical trials, and we look forward to their continued development. One poster will show that Daclizumab, which was shown to reduce MS lesions visualized by MRI scans in the randomized double-blind, placebo-controlled Phase II CHOICE trial, appears to reduce T-cell activation during treatment. There will be two BG-12 posters of the Congress, which will provide further evidence of a potential dual anti-inflammatory and neuroprotective mechanism of action for this oral therapy. I want to note here that during the quarter, we completed enrollment in the defined Phase III trial of BG-12, a trial with over 1200 patients randomized, the 200 clinical centers around the globe, and the second Phase III trial confirmed is expected to complete enrollment later this year.  There will be two company-sponsored posters on PEGylated interferon beta-1a at the AAN. One on safety and tolerability, and the other on the PK/PD profile of the drug as observed in the Phase I trials. These data support the advancement of the PEGylated interferon beta-1a into a registrational trial, which we expect to commence within a few months. This trial which will enroll over 1200 patients will test two subcutaneous dosing regimens, once every two weeks and once every four weeks. As I have already noted, we will also be showing new data on our marketed products, AVONEX and TYSABRI at the AAN. There will be six company-sponsored posters and presentations on AVONEX, including one on the CHAMPIONS 10-year extension study, which followed patients for decade after starting AVONEX therapy just after the first demyelinating clinical event that heralded the onset of MS. There will also be 14 company-sponsored TYSABRI posters and presentations in Seattle. Among these will be a poster on the post-talk analysis of the Phase III AFFIRM trial, which showed that a substantial proportion of patients realized an improvement of physical function, as measured by sustained decreases in EDSS over the course of the two-year trial. Another poster will show data that indicates that TYSABRI treatment may promote remyelination in MS patients, as assessed by novel imaging technique. Finally, as we have been doing at the major neurology meetings, there will be a platform presentation that will provide updated TYSABRI safety and utilization information. All in all, we believe that our activities at AAN will highlight our extensive efforts in MS research and development and will underscore Biogen Idecs commitment to improving the lives of patients living with MS. With that, Ill now hand it over to our CFO, Paul Clancy.
Paul Clancy: Thanks, Al. Our Q1 financial results were right on track with our business plan. We achieved 10% top line growth and 27% non-GAAP earnings per share growth on a year-over-year basis. The GAAP financials are provided in tables 1 and 2 of the earnings release. Table 3, youll find a reconciliation of GAAP to non-GAAP results. Our GAAP diluted EPS was $0.84 in Q1. The primary differences between our GAAP and non-GAAP results for the quarter were 89 million related to the amortization of intangible assets, 7 million for pre-tax employee stock option expense, and 35 million tax impact related to these items. Now Ill move on to the non-GAAP P&L operating performance of Biogen Idec, which we believe better represents the ongoing economics of our business and reflects how we manage the business internally and set operational goals. Our non-GAAP diluted EPS was $1.05 for Q1. Q1 total revenue was 1.036 billion, representing a 10% growth over the same period last year. Going through our product revenues, Ill start with AVONEX. Q1 AVONEX worldwide product revenue was 555 million, representing 4% increase over the same period last year. Q1 U.S. AVONEX product revenue was 340 million, which represents a 10% increase over the same period last year. On a sequential basis, U.S. AVONEX revenues were essentially flat as price increases offset a 4% unit decline. We had approximately one less shipping week in the quarter versus Q4, which was offset by inventory in the channel modestly up to 2.4 weeks. Q1 international AVONEX product revenues were $215 million, representing a decrease of 5% on a year-over-year basis. This decrease was primarily due to unfavorable foreign exchange, as the dollar to euro exchange rate strengthened from on average 151 in Q1 2008 to 131 in Q1 2009. This FX movement had approximately $30 million impact to AVONEX international sales. Units were flat versus prior year as an increase in our direct markets was offset by a decline in our distributor markets. The decline in the distributor markets was attributed to our tender business. Q1 TYSABRI worldwide Biogen Idec product sales were 165 million, a 44%increase versus Q1 2008. U.S. end user TYSABRI sales totaled $116 million, of which Biogen Idec booked $54 million of this amount. U.S. channel inventory ended modestly lower in Q4 2008. International end user TYSABRI sales totaled $111 million. Before I move on to RITUXAN, Id like to briefly touch on the current economic environment and its impact to the MS franchise. As Jim noted, MS is a severe disease and our business so far has been modestly impacted by the current economic downturn.  Our international business is somewhat buffered from the economic downturn in the short run, as most drugs are essentially reimbursed. Nevertheless, in the U.S. we have seen an increase in the number of patients, who are receiving free supply of TYSABRI and AVONEX.  Weve also noticed the co-pay assistance has increased. Specifically, the number of patients on free drug has trended up very much in line with the U.S. unemployment rate. For the quarter, we estimate that this had approximately $6 million to $10 million impact on the top line. Well continue to monitor this on our business. Its important also to note that foreign exchange impact on our product sales including what I had mentioned AVONEX international was approximately $40 million in total or 4% to our top line for the first quarter compared to prior year. Now moving on to the RITUXAN collaboration revenues referred to as revenue from unconsolidated joint business. We recorded $279 million of revenue for the quarter, representing an increase of 13% on a year-over-year basis. Our RITUXAN revenues are broken into three components:  First, our share of the U.S. RITUXAN profits. Net U.S. RITUXAN sales were $642 million in the first quarter, up 6% versus prior year. And our Q1 profit share from that business was $180 million, up 14% versus prior year. The year-over-year increase benefited from price increases taken during 2008 and lower operating expenses in the collaboration. Second, we received revenue on sales of rituximab outside the U.S. and in Q1 this was $84 million, up 10% versus prior year. And last, we were reimbursed $15 million for selling and development costs incurred related to RITUXAN. Q1 royalties were $24 million for the quarter. The decrease on a sequential basis was primarily due to the step down royalty tier on Angiomax. Now turning to the expense lines in the P&L, which includes the non-GAAP adjustments that I described earlier, Q1cogs were $98 million or 9% of revenues. Cogs on a year-over-year basis modestly benefited from an expiration of a third-party royalty on AVONEX. Q1 R&D expense was $275 million, which is approximately 26% of revenues. R&D expenses increased 8% on a year-over-year basis driven by our continued advancement of the pipeline. Included in Q1 were milestones paid to Aveo, the oncology antibody licensing agreement, and to Neuroimmune in the aggregate of $10 million. Q1 SG&A expenses were $217 million, representing 21% of revenues and representing a 2% year-over-year increase. SG&A benefited from FX for the quarter as compared to prior year. Continuing down P&L are collaboration profit sharing line totaled $43 million in expense for the quarter. This represents our payment of 50% of profits on TYSABRI out the U.S. to Elan, and a reimbursement of third-party royalties incurred by Elan outside the United States. Other income and expense for the quarter was a gain of approximately $7 million, which was $4 million favorable on a year-over-year basis. We ended the quarter with a strong cash marketable securities position of $2.5 billion generated interest income of $15 million, which was offset by interest expense of approximately $10 million. We repurchased 1.2 million shares under our shares stabilization program in Q1. Our Q1 non-GAAP tax rate was approximately 24.5% much lower than our normal tax rate. The effective tax rate for the quarter was favorably impacted by a one time discreet item related to recently enacted state legislation. This will allow us to utilize certain R&D investment tax credits.  We expect our non-GAAP tax rate for the remaining quarters in 2009 to be between 28% and 30% and likely be at the lower end of this range for the full-year. This brings us to our Q1 non-GAAP diluted earnings per share of a $1.05 representing a 27% increase over the same period last year. Were confirming our full-year 2009 guidance outlined in February. Top line growth in a high single digits, and non-GAAP earnings per share above $4. Additionally Id like to just add some perspective on cash flow. Were also targeting to increase free cash flow growth over the rate of EPS growth. So our business plan is to achieve leverage from the top line to the earnings line, and further leverage in the free cash flow growth. Q1 was a solid quarter for Biogen Idec. Were increasing our efforts in educating the physician and patient community on the benefits of TYSABRI. Were progressing and investing in our pipeline. Our EPS growth was impressive as we continued to exercise discipline, and we continue to generate significant operating cash flow and have a strong balance sheet. Ill turn the call over to Jim for his closing comments.
Jim Mullen: Thank you, Paul. In summary, business performance for the quarter was as expected in line with our full-year guidance. We continue to look for the best ways to maximize value for the shareholders whether through investment or returning cash to shareholders. In our discussions with numerous shareholders, some see current asset values as buying opportunities while others see share buybacks as the best use of cash. Were carefully evaluating both ends of that spectrum, as well as all of the options in between. While we face some challenges in the remainder of 2009. I believe strong fundamentals of the business across all products and geographies will continue to deliver robust results and create significant value for our shareholders. With that Elizabeth, lets open it up for Q&A.
Elizabeth Woo: Great, thanks, Jim. Joining us on the call for the Q&A session is Dr. Cecil Pickett, our President of Research and Development. So Ashley, were ready to open up the call and wed ask the participants on the call to limit themselves to one question and then re-enter the queue for follow-up questions to allow most people to get their questions in. And please state the name and company affiliation. So Ashley, we can take the first question now.
Operator: Our first question comes from Jason Kantor - RBC Capital Markets.
Jason Kantor - RBC Capital Markets: Could you be more specific exactly what are you tracking in the TYSABRI numbers that youre saying youre seeing an uptick in and what gives you confidence that these are getting better? And how sensitive are these leading metrics to, for example, another case of PML should it occur?
Jim Mullen: Sure. This is Jim. Why dont I ask Paul to make a couple comments as well as Bill on that?
Paul Clancy: Well, our practice has been to provide the patient data on a quarterly basis. And well kind of continue that pattern. So we wont be giving detailed monthly or weekly data, but Bill can provide some additional color on the recent trends weve been seeing.
Bill Sibold: Thank you. Well, while the quarter as a whole saw steady patient growth, we saw signs of strength more recently and looking back over the last few months, we see that the December and January net patient ads were very soft, but we were moderately higher than that in the backend of the quarter. More specifically, March was the highest month of net patient ads of the past five months in both the U.S. and in international. And in addition, we are seeing some hopeful signs from leading indicators such as TOUCH forms in the U.S., and finally discontinuations have started to return to pre-PML levels from what we can see.
Jim Mullen: So just to finish off the question, so the measurement is obviously more accurate in the U.S. where we have the TOUCH program than it is internationally, where its a little bit of triangulation. Relative to the sensitivity to another case of PML, I think weve been through all that and not much has changed with the last couple of cases of PML. So, presuming that the rate stays more or less where it is, I dont think there is a lot of sensitivity to a case or two of PML. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Geoffrey Porges - Bernstein
Geoffrey Porges : Thanks very much for taking the question and just if I could follow-up with something that you mentioned on the call, I think you said there was one less shipping week in Q1 and Q4, and there was some changes in inventory that also affected you in Q1 versus Q4. Could you give us a little bit more color on that and whether I misheard you or not? With that I think just talk us through what the actual changes in inventory were and also the shipping days Q-over-Q and year-over-year?
 Sanford Bernstein: Thanks very much for taking the question and just if I could follow-up with something that you mentioned on the call, I think you said there was one less shipping week in Q1 and Q4, and there was some changes in inventory that also affected you in Q1 versus Q4. Could you give us a little bit more color on that and whether I misheard you or not? With that I think just talk us through what the actual changes in inventory were and also the shipping days Q-over-Q and year-over-year?
Paul Clancy: Yes. So Geoff, this is Paul. What Ive referred to, you picked it up spot on. What I refer to is AVONEX. And, I think the way to think about it, there was an extra week in Q4 as opposed to Q1. Were back to a normalized kind of quarter of essentially 13 weeks of shipping in Q1. So, I think you just want to be mindful of that when you look at sequential, but not when you look at overlapping on a year-to-year basis. We have distributor relationships in the United States on AVONEX, and a couple of the relationships had asked for additional as they had changed their distribution locations, and asked for additional weeks in the channel. As a result, AVONEX channel, weeks in the channel have moved up from roughly about 2.1 to roughly about 2.4 weeks in the channel for AVONEX. Thats a permanent change. So I dont think youll see that wiggle and waggle around over the next couple of quarters. And then, to some extent that increase was offset by, we actually saw a decline a little bit on the TYSABRI business.
Operator: Our next question comes from Michael Aberman - Credit Suisse.
Michael Aberman - Credit Suisse: I have a question about TYSABRI. I start off with that but havent got to do the math. It looks like youve had another sequential increase in patient numbers and a 3% price increase at the end of fourth quarter, yet the end user sales arent up enough to really account for that. Even looking back, third quarter and fourth quarter, you had a similar situation with the number of patients net ads increasing, but the actual revenue not tracking with that. Can you help me understand, whats happening there in terms of doses per quarter and how that might be playing a role in the revenue, and you think thats going to change?
Paul Clancy:  Yes. This is Paul. Michael thanks for the question. I think this provide two dynamics that we are looking at and pointing to. One is kind of this in essence the macro trend and the increase in free goods, if you will and as a result of the patients for both AVONEX and TYSABRI. That is certainly pronounced in TYSABRI given the uptick curve. Then the other trend that were seeing is a very modest decline on a quarter-to-quarter basis in terms of infusions per patients over the course of a quarter. Its not anything that we see as alarming. We saw this actually early in the AVONEX days, in the launch days years ago. So I think its nothing that we see alarming. Obviously, you know people are mindful of thinking about it as drug holiday, but we certainly arent pointing towards that way in regard.
Operator: Our next question comes from Geoff Meacham  JP Morgan.
Geoff Meacham  JP Morgan: I just want to ask a question here, sort of bigger picture on TYSABRI. You know as you guys accumulate PML cases over the next few years, how do you see it playing out commercially? Do you think docs will look the common features such as duration of therapy or baseline disability to manage patients, and how will that kind of work you think in practice?
Bill Sibold: Yes, this is Bill. You know, I think as we look at the evolving landscape, if you look into the pipelines of any of the products which are going to be launching in the coming years, there each certainly appears to have its own benefit and risk profile associated with it. Part of what we are seeing is we expect that the neurology community will evolve in its approach to benefit risk as they have more products to that they have to make that evaluation; just to draw a comparison to rheumatology, where youve got, three blockbuster anti-TNFs. For years before the TNF launched, rheumatologists had the opportunity to get comfortable with benefit-risk with methotrexate. You can see also that TYSABRI tracking in the period post-launch very well with those products. So, we think that theres going to be kind of an evolution of the specialty feeling more comfortable with benefit-risk. And I think certainly with PML, they will become more comfortable with that. And, certainly it will depend upon what happens from here and what the outcomes of the cases are.
Operator: Our next question comes from May-Kin Ho - Goldman Sachs.
May-Kin Ho - Goldman Sachs: Can you just talk a little bit about AVONEX in terms of reimbursement or insurance coverage? How many percent of the patients have commercial insurance? How much of that is pharmacy benefit? What kind of tier it is? I heard you mentioned that there is some in essence drug holidays for TYSABRI patients, which you saw before, but we all know that the current economic condition is quite different than what we saw previously. So, do you expect to have more patients basically stretching all the time, maybe thinking what drug holidays and I do see delays in patient starts because of the economic conditions?
Jim Mullen: May-Kin, were going to forget all of the questions that were embedded in it, but you did it in one sentence though, well give you credit. Let me start with the last one because I think Bill is actually trying to see if he can dig out some of the perplexed data that you asked for on the first. We are seeing patient requests for free goods or subsidized goods, track more or less with our employment. You can probably infer some of that into people thinking about how to stretch their budgets, too. So you might see a little bit more of that stretch out as we go through and bottom out here on employment numbers. Its very hard to predict, but we can see a few percent impact on the business there. In terms of some of the other questions, Bill, do you have the directional answers, or are we going to have to.
Bill Sibold: Yes. We can get a little bit more specific, but to start off with, AVONEX is in a very favorable position from a reimbursement perspective. In most of the plans, it enjoys just very good positioning, and we have seen that not be a barrier to getting use of the product. The vast majority of the patients have a fixed co-pay along the lines of $20 to $30 a month. And a small number have co-insurance which would be typically in that 20% cost. So it is covered under pharmacy benefit, it has got great positioning, and we feel very comfortable with AVONEX.
Operator: Our next question comes from Joel Sendek - Lazard.
Joel Sendek - Lazard: I have a question about the high titer process. Will that have any kind of material impact on the gross margin, and if so, when?
Jim Mullen: Yes, Joel. The answer is it will have an impact on the gross margin. Youre not really going to see much of that this year as we work through the various stages of inventory we have and as you can probably appreciate, we have got to build some inventory here before we want to move that one into the market, as well. I dont really think youre going to see much of it this year. When you look at the gross margin, we will get some pick up there, but a lot of whats in the gross margin are third party royalty payments to other people. So thats a pretty good chunk of whats in our cost of goods now. So a little pick up, but I think of it as a percent or two maybe.
Paul Clancy: Joel, this is Paul. I just add the way it comes. I think Jim talked about that as it relates to kind of from a TYSABRI collaboration point of view. The way it comes into our P&L is slightly different than just kind of a normal into the gross margin or cost of goods line. Most pointedly would be in the U.S. and the purchase price economic.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jim Birchenough - Barclays Capital.
Jim Birchenough  Barclays Capital: I am just trying to understand better the impact of your education program around PML risk, and with better surveillance weve seen better outcomes, but Im just wondering what the result of that has been in terms of suspected cases coming to you guys. Are you seeing physicians, more an expert at teasing out whats a real high risk for PML case or are you seeing just a lower sensitivity to suspected cases being reported to you guys? Just wondering what trend were seeing there?
Al Sandrock: Yes. I think what were seeing is that patients are being picked up earlier. I dont think that were getting a big change in terms of suspected cases. What were seeing is earlier recognition and earlier use of some of the tools that weve provided in terms of managing the cases.
Operator: Our next question comes from Yaron Werber - Citi.
Yaron Werber - Citi: I have two questions for you. One, can you just help us understand a little bit the TYSABRI draw down in inventory that happened in Q4? I dont know if you can quantify that in days or in millions. Then the second question, just help us understand the tax rate a little bit more. Im sorry if I missed why it was so low in the quarter, and youre guiding it sounds like to the lower end of your range. So help us understand how would the tax rate slowly ramp up in the year?
Jim Mullen: Yes. So lets take the first one, TYSABRI. What I had referenced was Q1 versus Q4, so not that it was drawn down in Fourth quarter; just the quarter-to-quarter change on weeks of inventory in the United States is modestly down. And were talking in the less than a week and so half a week type of down on weeks in channel. In terms of the tax rate, we benefited from a discreet item a one time. There was a change in state legislation tax law. We set up what we call FIN 48 reserves. We set up reserves over the long haul as it relates to our taxes, and embedded in those reserves is legislation. The legislation change which gives us high probability and certainty that we will be able to capture reserves for a number of the years in certain states, thats a one-time benefit, its not sustainable. So all I was pointing to in terms for the balance year is that we drive back up to our normal rate. Without that discreet item, when you combine three quarters of a normal rate with one quarter with a kind of depressed rate, its likely at the lower end of the tax range.
Paul Clancy: Basically, allows us to capture some R&D tax credits that were otherwise hung up.
Operator: Our next question comes from Eric Schmidt - Cowen & Co.
Eric Schmidt - Cowen & Co.: A couple financial questions for Paul; first is the gross margin in Q1 a real number that we can use going forward for the year? Second, your EPS guidance remains kind of open ended for 2009. Do you expect to grow the bottom line over the subsequent three quarters?
Paul Clancy: So gross margin is what we are looking at now is probably indicative of the balance of the year plus or minus. In terms of earnings per share, I go back to Jims point in opening; the kind of three big variables will be rate of uptick on TYSABRI. The macro environment that, we are not terribly concerned about, dont want to kind of get that point across, but were being mindful about, and then the rate of acceleration of the R&D business. We had a good quarter on the bottom line this quarter. I mean, you can all do the math. Obviously, we want to grow the earnings for the balance of the year. But we just want to try to make sure that were still definitely being able to achieve our full year earnings per share target.
Operator: Our next question comes from Mark Schoenebaum - Deutsche Bank.
Mark Schoenebaum - Deutsche Bank: Okay, on TYSABRI, should we model the dollars per patient calculation that this quarters results would spit out. You said you werent alarmed by the misconfusions, but what Im trying to understand is this a run rate that we should use going forward in our models when we think about modeling TYSABRI revenue from our patient add calculation? Then just to be clear for this one less shipping week was that only for AVONEX or did that also apply to TYSABRI?
Jim Mullen: Let me take in the reverse. It actually also applied to TYSABRI, and then with respect to TYSABRI, and keep in mind, I think its twofold of whats going on including the impact of, additional pre-patients in the TYSABRI business. So, that one for me is, likely harder to predict and who knows, it could go up or could come right back down, but both of those effects are affecting the revenue per patient on the TYSABRI business, but absent that, that dynamic, its probably not a bad thing to model.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jason Zhang - BMO Capital Markets.
Jason Zhang - BMO Capital Markets: Thanks. The question is on the economic impact you mentioned that patients on free drug are increased. There are also more patients probably need to get co-pay assistance. Im wondering for co-pay assistance, how is that affecting revenue? Is that because of delayed of reimbursement or delayed infusion? How is that?  Actually you gave us number about free drugs, the impact that could be in the $6 million to $10 million. Can you actually quantify the impact of co-pay assistance? Also, whether you think this is going to get worse or you think this is mostly going to be a Q1 phenomenon?
Bill Sibold: So, this is Bill. With co-pay assistance, thats something which actually is programmed which were for AVONEX launch last year and TYSABRI really this year. We certainly have made provisions in planning, thinking that its going to be a program that will be utilized this year and so far, were still in the early stages of it and the feedback has been very positive. Well continue to track it as the quarters go on and compare it to the economic environment.
Operator: Our next question comes from Maged Shenouda - UBS.
Maged Shenouda - UBS: How much more pricing leverage do you think you have for AVONEX, and also should we start thinking about aggressive price increases for TYSABRI?
Jim Mullen: Magi, we actually dont comment on our forward-looking pricing. So best thing I can share with you is that we dont build it into our business plans, the price increases that weve seen.
Paul Clancy: On the TYSABRI, keep in mind that one is going to be ASP plus six kind of pricing, so you really have to be careful about pricing increases there, the frequency and the amount or you can put the physicians under water.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your next question comes from Chris Raymond - Robert W. Baird.
Chris Raymond - Robert W. Baird: I know you guys have answered this question on prior conference calls, but can you walk through actually the mechanism. I think you mentioned before you have some natural hedge of sorts, against FX fluctuations. But you mentioned $30 million of AVONEX FX impact. Could you maybe also reiterate what the TYSABRI FX impact was and then also maybe describe what that hedge is, thanks.
Jim Mullen: Yes, okay. So in total it was about $40 million as that was $30 million for AVONEX international, the balance of $10 million or $11 million for TYSABRI international was the impact on a quarter 2009 versus quarter 2008 essentially going from 1 51 on average U.S. to Euro to 1.31 in average in Q1, 2009. Generally speaking we hedge the annual plan. We generally do that as we get conclusion on our annual plan. So its usually late in one year will go out in hedge, the following year and we buy contracts that essentially try to hedge the cash flow impact to the business. So it wouldnt hedge of the natural hedge. The natural hedge that we have is essentially our sales in marketing, in G&A, infrastructure thats in Europe and other parts of the world in some modest amount of our R&D business. The impact in 2009 versus Q1 2008 that we benefited was roughly less than half of the amount that was detrimental to us on a quarter-to-quarter basis on the top-line. So, in essence we picked up price $15 million or $17 million on a quarter-to-quarter basis in operating expenses. As a result, the difference between the two is what? From an earnings per share that $0.04, $0.03 or $0.04 is what the impact was on a quarter-to-quarter basis earnings per share. All of the hedge gains and losses are netted against the AVONEX international business. So, there are quarters where we have a hedge gain. If we had locked in numbers that were above or below and vice-versa that we have hedge losses. In Q1 2009, it was essentially de minimis. Hope that helps.
Operator: Your next question comes from Michael Aberman - Credit Suisse.
Michael Aberman - Credit Suisse: I have a housekeeping question on the other income, and maybe this has already been addressed, but you had some losses over the past few quarters.
Jim Mullen: Yes.
Michael Aberman - Credit Suisse: Do you have any benefit this quarter, can you explain to us where thats coming from. What we should expect going forward? Whats happening there?
Bill Sibold: Yes. I think the run-rate that we saw in this quarter is a little bit high. And it was a $7 million benefit OIE. I would expect that to be down a little bit for Q2, 3, and 4 and not because of any meaningful write-offs, just because we picked up a little bit on some stuff thats outside of interest income and interest expense, just a couple million dollars. Our portfolio is in a very conservative position right now. Of $2.5 billion of cash and marketable securities, close to 85% of that is in government agency backed or cash and money market accounts. We are now down at the end of the first quarter to $22 million in non-agency mortgage backed securities and have a commitment to our company and our board to kind of get out of that in an orderly fashion.  So, what we saw in the back half of the year we are hopeful that we wont see anything of any kind of meaningful difference going forward. The only caution I point out is that we do have strategic investments in public and private biotech companies that we do for strategic reasons and those can ebb and flow over the course of multiple years.
Operator: Your next question comes from Geoff Meacham  JP Morgan.
Geoff Meacham  JP Morgan: The question for you on TYSABRI, when you guys give the net ads, obviously it new starts minus discontinuations and Im wondering, how you classify discontinuation versus a simple dose skip. Is there a certain amount of doses that a patient must be charged against the net add number?
Bill Sibold: Yes.
Geoff Meacham  JP Morgan: Did I stop you guys?
Jim Mullen: Yes, we got it.
Bill Sibold: Yes and this is again very specific to the U.S. with TOUCH, because we have obviously greater insight with the data we received through that program. If a patient has missed a certain number of days from their expected infusion at the 30-day mark where we would expect them, if it extends out beyond that to beyond 45, 60 days and beyond, we start to classify that as a potential that they arent coming back. What we do, though, is that through the TOUCH program, we do reach out and we look for confirmation and a discontinuation form is actually sent in. And that is truly what we ultimately measure.
Jim Mullen: Jeff, Id just add we also kind of triangulate on the question youre asking. But we also look at the average time of the whole patient database between doses. And that has not sub shown a meaningful change. So that would show a meaningful change, if weve got patients in our database that really arent patients anymore I think is what you get in that. On the international front, we use a combination of patient registries where we can get them and then looking at shipping data into physicians where we obviously have it, and build our patient database and our patient expectations based on that. That actually as a result winds very much up with shipments. So, its not going to be suspect to kind of this type of issue that were talking about.
Operator: Your next question comes from Mark Schoenebaum - Deutsche Bank.
Mark Schoenebaum - Deutsche Bank: On Europe, the ex-U.S. AVONEX number, a little below consensus and you mentioned the effects. I am just wondering now if you could comment on price. Novartis launched a new version of an old beta interferon over there. Has there been any change in net price across the big European markets?
Paul Clancy:  No. In fact Mark, weve actually seen the price advances in Germany, and weve managed over the last, lets probably call it 18 months to realize price advances from trying to control some parallel trade between a couple of the countries. Now over the next couple of years, Id say that were watching it as each country, in different times, in different stages actually comes up for renewal on the reimbursement front. So, we are watching that. Related to the competitive threat of Extavia, we have our ear to the ground. Sales people are very focused on it, but it has not had a meaningful impact yet.
Operator:  Your next question comes from May-Kin Ho - Goldman Sachs.
May-Kin Ho - Goldman Sachs: I dont know whether I heard correctly, did you say that you are actually going to file the FDA application on lumiliximab?
Elizabeth Woo:  No, we were talking about REACH and CLL-8, for RITUXAN.
Operator: Your final question comes from Yaron Werber - Citi. 
Yaron Werber - Citi: Yes, hi. Youve talked over time to show operating leverage, help us understand a little bit the SG&A line? I mean, what I understand, your business pretty much is fully scaled up from an expense perspective, so you can just lever that up from now on. So can you just help us understand how is that going to flow over on a quarterly progression sort of showing synergies there or showing improvements there? Im referring to the SG&A spending.
Jim Mullen: Yes. This is Jim. So the SG&A spending, we expect to get some modest leverage on that of course, as the sales increase. I think the caution on that, of course, is we also have to be very careful that we may maintain a strong competitive position on share of voice, because we know share of voice moves market around overtime. So sometimes well be doing some modest adjustments to the resource levels, as we look to just to meet whatever the new competitive framework might be. But, we would seem to get modest leverage there overtime. I wouldnt expect to see dramatic leverage though. I guess is what I would say. Paul, do you have
Paul Clancy: No. Good.
Elizabeth Woo: Well, thank you everyone. It was nice to be able to take so many questions on the call today, and well see you on our next earnings call. Thank you.
Operator: This concludes todays conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2008 Q4  (2009-02-06 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Elizabeth Woo - Vice President, Investor Relations James C. Mullen - President and Chief Executive Officer Bill Sibold - Senior Vice President, U.S. Commercial Cecil Pickett, Ph.D. - President, Research and Development Paul J. Clancy - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Dr. Dr. Alfred Sandrock - Senior Vice President of Neurology Research and Development
Analysts: Michael Aberman - Credit Suisse Geoffrey Porges - Sanford Bernstein May-Kin Ho - Goldman Sachs Ian Somaiya - Thomas Weisel Partners Geoffrey Meacham - JP Morgan Jim Birchenough - Barclays Capital Jason Zhang - BMO Capital Markets Joel Sendek - Lazard Capital Markets Mark Schoenebaum - Deutsche Bank Eric Schmidt - Cowen and Company Steve Harr - Morgan Stanley William Tanner - Leerink Swann Rajiv Kaul - Fidelity Investments
Operator: Good morning. My name is Dennis, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Biogen Idec Fourth Quarter Earnings Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. (Operator Instructions). I will now turn the call over to Ms. Elizabeth Woo, Vice President, Investor Relations. Please go ahead ma'am.
Elizabeth Woo: Thank you, Dennis. Welcome everyone to Biogen Idec's earnings conference call for the fourth quarter and full year 2008. Before we begin, I'd encourage everyone to go the Investor Relations section of our website biogenidec.com to print out the press release and related financial tables. These will be particularly useful when our CFO, Paul Clancy reviews the financial results and the reconciliation to non-GAAP financial measures discussed today. We have also posted slides on our website that outline the topics discussed on today's call. Let me start with the Safe Harbor statement. Comments made in this conference call include forward-looking statements about the company's expectations, regarding future financial results, including our 2009 financial guidance, our longer term operational and financial goals, the sales potential of TYSABRI and other products, the availability of external growth opportunities and pipeline advancements. Such statements are subject to risks and uncertainties which could cause actual results to differ materially from expectations. In particular, careful consideration should be given to the risks and uncertainties that are described in our earnings release and in Item 1A of the company's reports on Form 10-K and 10-Q and in other reports Biogen Idec files with the SEC. The company does not undertake any obligation to publicly update any forward-looking statements. Information concerning the solicitation of proxies will be included in our 2009 proxy statement which we file with the SEC and which will be available free of charge at the SEC's website or the company's website. Today on the call, I'm joined by Jim Mullen, CEO of Biogen Idec; Bill Sibold, Senior Vice President, U.S. Commercial; Dr. Cecil Pickett, President, R&D; and Paul Clancy, CFO and Executive Vice President of Finance. I'll now turn the call over to Jim.
James C. Mullen: Thank you, Elizabeth. Good morning everyone. Thanks for joining us. Value is created with outstanding products pipeline performance, and we've been delivering it in all three for our shareholders. In 2008, we grew revenues 29% to more than $4 billion and non-GAAP EPS by 34%. TYSABRI is well on its way to becoming a blockbuster, and we've transformed the pipeline over the past two years with 22 programs in Phase II trials and beyond. As we complete 2008 and look forward to 2009, let me update you on our progress towards our stated 2010 goals and you can find that on the 6th chart that we have on the website. Our marketed products posted extremely strong business performance in 2008. Total revenues grew 29% year-over-year, the highest growth rate since 2003 merger and grew to over 4.1 billion. The growth was driven by AVONEX 18% year-over-year growth to 2.2 billion. This market leading success for AVONEX as a billion brand, is due to its long-term safety and efficacy profile. TYSABRI global revenue more than doubled to over 800 million with Biogen Idec realizing 589 million. The number of patients on TYSABRI continues to grow. Approximately 2300 patients were added in the fourth quarter for a net total of 37,600 on therapy at year-end. At the end of the year and post-marketing setting, TYSABRI had over 10,000 patients with at least 18 months and 4,300 with at least two years of therapy. These numbers are same numbers I presented at JP Morgan Conference in January. As we proceed throughout the year, the long-term experience with TYSABRI will continue to grow and provide the medical community with greater clarity on the safety and efficacy profile of TYSABRI over the longer periods of time. Our marketing efforts will continue to focus on the efficacy story, education on PML, and placing PML management in the context of the overall product. Almost 18 months ago, I set a goal of over 100,000 patients on therapy by the end of 2010. We remain highly focused on achieving the 100,000 patient goal. But at this point, it looks like ... it looks as if it will be quite difficult to reach the number by that date. We continue to believe 20% market share is relevant target for the most efficacious MS therapy in the market, and Bill Sibold, our Senior Vice President, U.S. Commercial, will take you through an update of the MS franchise in a few moments. Revenue from RITUXAN unconsolidated joint business grew 22% and to over 1.1 billion and RITUXAN is on track to achieve two additional indications. The first is in rheumatoid arthritis DMARD Inadequate Responders. This file will be submitted... has been submitted and its PDUFA date is later this summer. The IMAGE data announced in Q4 should strengthen the competitive profile for RITUXAN in rheumatoid arthritis. In addition, we and our partners are planning to expand the label in CLL but filing this CLL-8 and REACH data in both U.S. and Europe later this year. Strategically, our pipeline is focused on first-in-class or best-in-class specialty products in diseases with high unmet need and global applications. Finding a good drug is obviously the most difficult stuff and by comparison building a specialty marketing infrastructure is relatively easy. We have a good mix of first-in-class and best-in-class molecules throughout the pipeline, and the biology of many of our programs have clinical applications across a variety of therapeutic areas. Under Cecil Pickett's leadership, the pipeline has been substantially strengthened over the past two years. This progress is due to additions from disciplined business development as well as clinical progress. We currently have five programs in late stage development and expect to have six shortly with the initiation of the peginterferon Phase III trials mid year. We now have 22 programs in Phase II and beyond, more than 60 clinical trials ongoing and more than 15 indications and more than 35 pre-clinical and discovery research programs. In 2008, three proof-of-concept studies were initiated and five programs went into clinic and started first in-human trial. Cecil will review 2008 pipeline progress in his comments. And finally, with respect to performance, our goal from 2007 to 2010 is to deliver 15 and 20 top and bottom-line compounded annual growth rate similar to what we achieved in the 2003 to 2007 timeframe. Out of the gates in year one, we posted very strong start with 29% top line and 34% bottom-line growth while simultaneously driving the pipeline forward. As you'll hear in greater detail from Paul Clancy, our CFO, we expect 2009 non-GAAP earnings per share to be above $4 per share. Two variables that will... have the most impact in the 2009 P&L are on the top-line pace and timing of TYSABRI growth; in expense line, the speed of advancement of late-stage clinical trial. In conclusion, we have strong franchises, strong cash flows and the strong balance sheet ending the year with approximately 2.3 billion in cash and marketable securities. We continue to focus on products pipeline as drivers of long-term shareholder value creation. As you have seen from our second press release this morning, we have received a notice from Icahn Entities proposing affiliated directors for elections to our Board at the 2000 Annual Meeting and several other proposals. This notice just came in last night. The Board has not reviewed the proposal. I'll now turn the call over to Bill Sibold, the Head of our U.S. Commercial business. Bill?
Bill Sibold: Thanks Jim. I'm pleased to report that Q4 was another strong quarter that capped the great 2008. In 2008, our global neurology business reached approximately $2.8 billion in revenue with about 721 million of that coming in the fourth quarter. This is up 33% for the full year versus 2007 and up 22% for the quarter versus the prior year. This was driven by strong results for both AVONEX and TYSABRI. AVONEX's $566 million in global revenue in Q4 was up 13% year-over-year. In Q4, revenue was up 22% year-over-year in the U.S. and 1% year-over-year internationally. For the full year, AVONEX's revenue grew 18% to $2.2 billion. These results reflect the strength of AVONEX market leading position, with over 135,000 patients on therapy worldwide. TYSABRI had in-market revenue of $218 million in the fourth quarter and over 69% increase compared to the prior year. For the full year, TYSABRI's market revenue more than doubled to $813 million. As we announced in January, we continue to increase the number of patients on TYSABRI in the U.S. and internationally. As you can see from the numbers in the press release, we are approaching 40,000 patients on therapy and have significant increases in the number of patients on therapy for one year, 18 months and two years. These strong results help position us for continued success with top brands in 2009. We will be leveraging AVONEX's proven efficacy in early MS as well as its clear long-term benefit. Specifically, we now have available the ASSURANCE data that was released at ECTRIMS which shows that patients who remained on AVONEX for up to 15 years since the original pivotal trial had reduced disability progression, greater quality of life and significantly greater sense of independence and self-care versus those patients who had either switched to another therapy or discontinued therapy. Additionally, we're looking forward to the release of the results from the 10-year CHAMPIONS extension trial at AAN in May. This is the first trial looking at the long-term impact of treatment in early MS patients. The combinations of AVONEX's proven efficacy and best-in-class compliance is why it is the number one MS therapy in the world. AVONEX disrupts the disease, not patients' lives and has demonstrated that it has the power to work early and keep patients active longer. Turning to TYSABRI, as you know there remains significant unmet need in the MS market. There are over 450,000 patients on therapy worldwide, and we estimate that about 20% of ABCR patients are switching therapies every year. Market research indicates that over 90% of physicians consider TYSABRI to be the most effective MS therapy. Therefore, we are looking forward to the time when TYSABRI will be the leading product prescribed for MS patients. While we recognize that there are hurdles to be overcome, it is difficult to find examples where a product with the commanding efficacy benefits, for a serious disease like MS, does not also become the most broadly administered therapy. To achieve this goal, we have three key objectives for 2009. First, refocus communication on TYSABRI's unprecedented efficacy for both physicians and patients. Second, help physicians increase their comfort diagnosing and managing PML. Third, translate resulting improvement in TYSABRI's benefit-risk perception into increased and sustained views. We continue to closely monitor TOUCH data to understand trends in U.S. TYSABRI prescribing pattern. As you are aware, the moderation in patient growth that occurred in Q3 was driven by both a slowdown in the rate of new patient adds as well as an increase in discontinuation. That trend appears to have generally stabilized in Q4. The slowdown in new patient add is largely driven by perception of benefit-risk which has been impacted by recent events. However, the type of patients coming to TYSABRI appears to be unchanged based on both their time since diagnosis with MS and their prior therapy. COPAXONE is still the largest source of switchers. And additionally, we continue to see about 4 to 5% of TYSABRI patients nave to therapy. We are launching a number of programs in 2009 that directly address physicians' and patients' perception of TYSABRI's benefit-risk profile. This is to build on the progress we made at the end of 2008. The percent of physicians who believes that the benefit of TYSABRI outweigh the risk, rebounded in December from a low in August and is approaching pre July 31st levels. We are increasing the level of education about PML and clinical vigilance to increase prescribers' awareness and comfort. Additionally, many of you are aware of the data presented at ECTRIMS showing that TYSABRI reverses disability in some patients. As we move forward into 2009, we will be enhancing our focus on communicating this powerful and unmatched efficacy data. MS is a very serious disease and not treating it with an appropriate sense of urgency almost certainly leads to inferior outcomes for patients. We're also closely watching patient discontinuations. While anecdotally we hear of some physicians considering treatment holidays, we do not see evidence in the TOUCH data that this practice is common. We believe that the optimal dosing and administration are as described in the label. We are addressing discontinuations with physicians. For example, we are focusing educational efforts on clinical vigilance and benefit-risk. We've also been enhancing our focus on patient communications. Most importantly, we continue to add new patients and prescribers each day. In conclusion, we believe that our strong MS franchise of AVONEX, the best product to start with and savored for the long term, TYSABRI, the product for those in need, that need more efficacy, and a deep and broad MS pipeline, physicians as well as to drive strong performance in the future. Nobody is doing more for MS than Biogen Idec. I will now hand the call to Dr. Cecil Pickett, President, R&D.
Cecil Pickett, Ph.D.: Thank you, Bill and good morning everyone. 2008 has been a year of important progress in our development pipeline. I'll report on 2008 progress and recent updates and on upcoming data readouts. First, a comment on TYSABRI. We are reporting today one new case of PML in the post-marketing setting, confirmed yesterday. The patient is in the EU and had 12 months of TYSABRI monotherapy. We chose to disclose this case ahead of the website update later today, given the timing of our earnings call and in the interest of full disclosure and transparency. Four of the five PML patients since 2006 re-launch are alive with varied degrees of disability. We would expect, any further updates about these patients, will be presented at upcoming medical meetings. I think it is important to point out; we have learned a great deal about the JC virus and PML in the past few years and are working actively on ways to identify patients at risk, improve early detection, and potentially mitigate the outcomes. Our goal is to detect PML early and make it a manageable side effect. And we believe, we are making progress towards that end. Turning to recent data releases and presentations. We and our partners recently announced the positive results of IMAGE, our radiographic study of RITUXAN in methotrexate-nave early RA patients, which further bolsters our data on RITUXAN and RA. The study met its primarily endpoint with patients in the 1,000 milligram treatment group showing significantly less progression of joint damage compared to methotrexate alone. We plan on submitting the data for presentation at ULAR (ph) and we'll make a regulatory filing decision early this year. RITUXAN also featured prominently at ASH 2008 with positive data presented from both the first-line CLL-8 and the second line REACH trials, the largest studies ever conducted in CLL. We plan to submit BLAs or both CLL-8 and REACH by the third quarter of this year. We accomplished 11 data readouts in 2008 that enabled to go... no go decisions. You can see all the readouts on the slides. We recently reported positive data from our Phase II heat shock protein 90 inhibitor in gastrointestinal stromal tumors, and BIIB14 our A2A receptor antagonist in Parkinson's disease. We'll be taking them both forward to the next step in clinical development, and you'll see additional details on the data and clinical plans later this year. We also initiated three proof-of-concept studies in 2008, TYSABRI and multiple myeloma, BG-12 and rheumatoid arthritis and AVONEX and ulcerative colitis. Five programs started first in human trials in 2008: an antibody against IGF-1R in solid tumors, and antibody against the cell-surface antigen CRIPTO linked to nystatine (ph) in solid tumors and antibody against TWEAK cytokine in rheumatoid arthritis, long-acting recombinant factor IX in hemophilia B, and a back-up inhibitor, heat shock proteins 90 inhibitor for solid tumors. And finally, you can see from the slides, six programs were transitioned from research to development. I think you can see progress was excellent across all phases of the pipeline, and I believe one of our most productive years in recent memory. I'll now touch on the late stage pipeline and 2009-2010 data readouts. A number of programs have potential data readouts in 2009 and 2010 including RITUXAN Phase III LUNAR study in lupus nephritis, a Phase II portion of the Lumiliximab Phase II/III study in Relapsed CLL, long-acting recombinant Factor IX Phase I/II study IN hemophilia B, Daclizumab Phase II Select study of Relapsing-Remitting MS. CDP323, the oral VLA-4 receptor antagonist, Phase II study IN Relapsing-Remitting MS and Ocrelizumab Phase III studies in TNF-IR and DMARD-IR RA. We continue to make good progress on advancing and developing our late-stage pipeline. We continue to enroll patients into our five ongoing registration programs; BG-12 and MS, Lumiliximab in CLL, Galiximab in non-Hodgkin's lymphoma, Lixivaptan in hyponatremia, and ADENTRI and acute decompensate congestive heart failure. In addition you can see on the slides, the additional registration programs in our CD 20 franchise with our partners. We expect to complete enrollment of the Phase II portion of the Lumiliximab Phase II/III trial and the first BG-12 Phase III trial over the next few months. I'll also highlight that the growth in the number of registrational programs we have ongoing or novel molecules, which are expected to double from four at the start of 2008 to eight at the end of 2009. The next molecule expected to enter a registrational trial is a PEGylated form of Interferon-beta-1a going in to Phase III in the middle of 2009. PEGylation at the N-terminal alpha-amino group increases half-life and systemic exposure of the protein. Phase I results indicated that the long acting form has similar pharmocology to Interferon-beta-1a and was safe and well tolerated. The Phase III trial will be a placebo-controlled study in 1,260 Relapsing-Remitting MS patients with annualized relapse rate at one year as the primary endpoint. In conclusion, 2008 was a very active year on the R&D front and 2009 promises to be even busier. We continue to push to decision points for each of our programs. We have 22 programs in Phase II development or beyond and you'll be able to see more detail what we believe as a broad and deep pipeline at our Investor R&D Day on March 25th. I will now hand it over to our CFO, Paul Clancy.
Paul J. Clancy: Thanks Cecil. I'll review our quarterly and full year financial performance additionally I'll detail our 2009 financial guidance. The GAAP financials are provided in tables 1, and 2 of the earnings release. Table 3 includes a reconciliation of GAAP to non-GAAP results. The primary differences between our GAAP and non-GAAP results for the quarter were $91 million related to the amortization of intangible assets, $8 million for pre-tax stock option expense and a $23 million tax impact. Our GAAP diluted earnings per share was $0.70 in Q4 and $2.65 for full year 2008. Now, move on to the non-GAAP P&L operating performance of Biogen Idec which we believe better represents the ongoing economics of our business and reflects how we manage the business internally with set operational goals. Our non-GAAP diluted EPS was $0.93 for Q4 and $3.66 for full year 2008. Now, let's move through the fourth quarter and full year results in a bit more detail. Q4 total revenue was $1.69 billion, representing a 20% growth over the same quarter in the prior year. Revenue for the full year totaled approximately $4.1 billion which represents a very strong year in the top line, 29% over full year 2007. Going through our product revenues; I'll begin with AVONEX. Q4 AVONEX worldwide product revenue was $566 million which represents a 13% increase over the same period last year. Worldwide AVONEX revenue for the full year totaled approximately $2.2 billion representing an 18% year-over-year growth rate. Q4 U.S. AVONEX product revenue was $341 million representing a 22% increase over Q4 2007. U.S. AVONEX revenue for the full year 2008 totaled just under $1.3 billion representing an 18% year-over-year growth rate. U.S. AVONEX inventory in the channel ended at just slightly over two weeks in the fourth quarter, unchanged from Q3. On a year-over-year basis, units sold in the U.S. declined approximately 5% in the fourth quarter. This was more than offset by price increases. On a sequential basis, Q3 to Q4, volume declined by just under 2%. Q4 international AVONEX product revenue was $225 million, representing an increase of 1% on a year-over-year basis. On a sequential basis, AVONEX international revenues declined by 11%, largely as expected. This was due almost equally to unfavorable foreign exchange, the work down of channel... our inventory in Germany arising out of a price increase and normal fluctuations in our tender business. International AVONEX revenue for full year 2008 totaled $926 million, which represents an 18% year-over-year growth rate. This was driven by high single-digit unit increase, foreign exchange favorability, contributing mid-single digits and the remaining, due to pricing mix. Q4 TYSABRI worldwide product sales were $156 million for Biogen Idec. TYSABRI revenue for full year 2008 totaled $589 million for Biogen Idec. U.S. end-user TYSABRI sales totaled $115 million which represents a 6% quarter-over-quarter decrease. Biogen Idec booked $53 million of this amount. While patient numbers increased, we were unfavorably impacted by fewer shipping days in Q4 as compared to Q3. Our business normally ships on Mondays and Tuesdays, we just happened to have more in Q3 than Q4. International end-user TYSABRI sales totaled $103 million, a 10% decrease from the prior quarter. This decrease was largely due to the strengthening of the U.S. dollar and fewer shipping days similar to the U.S. Q4 FUMADERM revenue was $11 million. Now moving on to the RITUXAN collaboration revenues which is referred to as the revenue from unconsolidated joint business. We recorded $303 million in revenue for the quarter, representing an increase of 20% on a year-over-year basis. Revenue for the full year increased 22% to $1.13 billion. This number has three elements; first, we received our share of U.S. RITUXAN profits. As reported by Genentech, U.S. RITUXAN sales were 677 million in the fourth quarter, up 14% versus prior year. And our Q4 profit share from that business was $206 million, up 21% versus prior year. This includes a $12 million payment associated with Roche opting into the OLYMPUS primary progressive MS data. Second, we received revenue on sales of Rituximab outside the U.S., and in Q4 this was $83 million, up 21% versus prior year. As mentioned in our Q3 earnings call, we expect the decline in Rituximab rest of world revenues in 2009 as the agreements with Roche expire in a number of EU countries. We expect for the full year 2009, revenues from RITUXAN rest of world, to be approximately $270 million, depending on sales growth and exchange rates. Third; we reimbursed $14 million for selling and developing costs incurred related to RITUXAN. Q4 royalties were $29 million for the quarter and a $116 million for the year. Now, turning to the expense lines and the non-GAAP P&L which include the adjustments that I described earlier. Q4 cogs were 101 million or 9% of the revenues. Q4 R&D expense was $288 million or 27% of revenue. Quarter-over-quarter, R&D expenses increased primarily due to the one-time $31 million opt-in payment to Genentech for GA101. R&D spent for the full year totaled $1.06 billion which was about 26% of full year revenue, an increase of 16% on a year-over-year basis. Increase in R&D expenses were driven by our continued advancement of the pipeline as detailed by season. Q4 SG&A expenses were $225 million, representing 21% of the revenue and a 19% year-over-year increase. This was driven by investments this quarter are TYSABRI growth, investments to support the AVONEX business and the ongoing geographic expansion of our commercial operations. Specific for the fourth quarter, we did benefit from the strengthening U.S. dollar. Continuing down to P&L, our collaboration profit sharing line totaled $38 million in expense for the quarter. As a reminder, this line is our payment of 50% of profits outside the U.S. to Elan and the reimbursement of third-party royalty incurred by Elan outside the U.S. Now moving to other income and expense. Other income and expense for the quarter was a loss of $36 million which was 34 million unfavorable on a year-over-year basis. The loss included; a $20 million impairment of our marketable securities portfolio, a $9 million impairment in our strategic investments portfolio, which is largely comprised with public and private biotech companies, and a $5 million accounting charge related to the ineffectiveness on our interest rate swaps. We did capitalize on the historically low yields in the fourth quarter by unwinding the interest rate swaps on our 10 year notes. This contributed cash proceeds of $54 million. This gain will be amortized over the life of the 10 year notes, thereby locking in a lower effective rate. Last quarter I discussed the composition of the marketable securities portfolio. During the fourth quarter, we continued to rebalance our portfolio. At year-end 80% of our portfolio holdings were in U.S. Treasuries, government sponsored investments, money market funds or other cash equivalents. The balance of the portfolio consists of high-grade corporate bonds, non-government mortgage securities and asset-backed securities. Additionally, in Q4, we continued to implement our share stabilization program with the purchase of $3.8 million shares of stock. In January of 2009, we purchased an additional $1.2 million shares. Q4, our tax rate was approximately 28%. We benefited from the recently passed R&D tax credit legislation which was offset by certain tax reserves and a greater mix of business in the U.S. This brings us to our Q4 non-GAAP diluted earnings per share of $0.93 and our full-year non-GAAP EPS of $3.66, representing a strong 34% increase over full-year 2007. Now, I'd like to provide our 2009 financial guidance. Revenue growth in 2009 is expected to be in the high single-digits. This includes both the expected decline in the RITUXAN rest of world revenues, as well as the impact of the strengthening U.S. dollar. If adjusted for those two impacts, our revenue growth would be in the mid-teens. We expect operating expenses, excluding collaboration profit sharing expense line, to grow below revenue growth in the low to mid-single digit range to between 2.0 and $2.1 billion. R&D is expected to be approximately 26 to 28% of total revenue. Growth in R&D dollars is expected to be inline with revenue growth, yet will be dependent on the progression of the pipeline. SG&A is expected to be approximately 19 to 20% of total revenue, beyond on a percentage of sales from full year 2008. The collaboration profit sharing line will be a function of the international TYSABRI trajectory. Our non-GAAP tax-rate is expected to be between 28 and 30%. GAAP tax-rate is expected to be between 32 and 34%. Non-GAAP diluted earnings per share is expected to be above 4% achieving leverage top-line to bottom-line. GAAP EPS, expected to be above $2.80. And our capital expenditures are expected to be in the range of $210 million to $250 million, down from 2008. As a result, we expect cash flow to grow faster than earnings per share. So in conclusion, 2008 was a very strong year. Our top-line revenue grew 29% for the full year. Our non-GAAP earnings per share grew 34% for the full year. Our cash flow was strong and we ended the year in enviable cash position. With this exceptional year of performance, we look forward now to continuing to deliver strong financial results and advance our clinical pipeline. I'll hand it back over to Jim, for his closing comments.
James C. Mullen: Thank you, Paul. I'll be very brief in the close here. In summary, business performance for 2008 was extremely strong. While we... now we take some headwinds in 2009. I believe that the strong fundamentals of the business across all products and geographies will continue to deliver robust results and create significant value for our shareholders. With that Elizabeth, let's open this up for Q&A.
Elizabeth Woo: Thanks Jim. Joining us for the question-and-answer session is Dr. Al Sandrock, our Senior Vice President of Neurology Research and Development. Operator before opening the call to Q&A, we'd ask our participant limit themselves to one question and then re-enter the queue to ask follow-up questions. And please state your name and company affiliation. We will try to end the call around 9.30. Operator, you can take the first question.
Operator: Thank you. The first question will come from the line of Michael Aberman with Credit Suisse.
Michael Aberman - Credit Suisse: Can you guys hear me?
Elizabeth Woo: We can.
James Mullen: We can.
Michael Aberman - Credit Suisse: I am wondering if you can just... I guess going first I'll ask the TYSABRI question. Your patient numbers grew and yet revenues shrunk in the U.S. and I know there is less shipping days, but can you help us understand that more and if you can... I mean the same TYSABRI can you talk about the trends you are seeing in January?
James Mullen: Yeah let me take that Michael. I think it's a great question, I know it's on the minds of many people. The big impact was, as I had noted, foreign exchange. And I think that's relatively clear in the international business that was the big effect. The other one is shipping days. We literally had essentially 14 weeks of shipping in the third quarter and only 13 weeks of shipping days in quarter four. So that, depending on how you account for that if it's a $8 million impact you could double the amount in essence, and that's on our P&L actually. So, on the full collaboration it's slightly exaggerated from that. The other color I'd give you is we've all obviously tried to look hard at that... at this. In the U.S. we do with the TOUCH program have visibility of the number of infusions, that are... which really is not a function of shipping days or anything like that, it's literally kind of our version of store sales going off the retail shelves. We saw in the fourth quarter, a slightly moderating growth of number of infusions in the United States. So,... vis--vis the patient ads. That was highly, highly attributable to Thanksgiving weeks as well as the last two weeks of the year. So, that does look like there was an affect of patients kind of pausing on infusions right around the Holiday. We saw that and pick up in January. I'll turn it to Bill just to talk about how our January trends are doing.
Bill Sibold: Yeah as we've said in Q4 there was a general stabilization and it's fair to say that that is what we are seeing in January of this year so far. So, we're in a generally stable period.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Geoffrey Porges with Bernstein.
Geoffrey Porges - Sanford Bernstein: Thanks very much. Wondering if you could just give us the additional information on the P&L case that you provided before, the patients, clinical picture, their treatment, degree of disability? And also if you could provide us just with a sense of the progress of the patients that you've reported most recently the one in the U.S.? Thanks.
Bill Sibold: Yes, thanks for the question. I think as I mentioned, the patient is a patient from the European Union, 12 months of TYSABRI mono-therapy. The patient is currently hospitalized and we think it is most appropriate to wait in terms of any updates on patients to wait until they're presented at upcoming medical meetings. So we really not going to comment any further on the patient status.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of May-Kin Ho with Goldman Sachs.
May-Kin Ho - Goldman Sachs: Hello.
Elizabeth Woo: Hi May-Kin.
May-Kin Ho - Goldman Sachs: Oh hi, sorry. Can you comment a little bit about what you're planning to do with the long-acting Factor IX program?
Cecil Pickett, Ph.D.: Well currently... I mean the idea behind this program is that the way in which the recombinant Factor IX is constructed that it would have a longer half life. So... and in preclinical models, I think we've tested it now on four preclinical models and all the preclinical models have demonstrated a longer half life compared to recombinant Factor IX. We are currently engaged in recruiting patients into a Phase I/II study, to look at safety and tolerability and just to confirm that in fact it has a longer half life in people. And I think, based on that data, we will make a decision about what our registration program will look like. We anticipate it will be a fairly small number of patients. And I think something that we can do fairly rapidly looking at clotting times of hemophilia B patients.
James Mullen: May, this is Jim. The theory of, of the case on Factor IX and then of course on the Factor VIII program which is a similar program behind it is. With the enhanced pharmacokinetics, pharmacodynamics, you got the ability to expand utilization particularly in the more prophylaxis settings. So that's just really the case. We'll see how that plays out in real clinical data.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ian Somaiya with Thomas Weisel Partners.
Ian Somaiya - Thomas Weisel Partners: Thanks. Just a question on the PEGylated AVONEX program. Cecil, I was just hoping to get your perspective on what you think the profile of the drug will be relative to AVONEX and just thoughts on why not conduct the head-to-head study versus AVONEX maybe teeth out the differences or improvements?
Cecil Pickett, Ph.D.: Yeah, it's a very good question. We're going to test it in the Phase III program both twice monthly as well as once monthly in terms of the dosing regimen. And it's going to be subcutaneous. As you're aware the AVONEX is currently IM, dosed weekly. So we think in terms of patient compliance that it will be a significant improvement. There is ... I've had a lot of experience with another PEGylated interferon called PEGylated -- PegIntron. And with that PEGylated product, the assumption ... and this was to treat hepatitis C patients, the assumption basically was that the safety profile would be pretty much comparable and that the efficacy profile would be comparable to the wild-type interferon alpha, will it turned out that the efficacy profile was actually better because of greater systemic exposure and the safety profile was about the same. Again, I am not definitely going to extrapolate that directly to the PEGylated interferon data. But I think one potential upside is that based on systemic exposure et cetera, that there is a chance that the efficacy could be improved. But I think what we're really aiming for is comparable efficacy with either twice a month dosing or once a month dosing.
James Mullen: Ian, I think it's very important to note and I think you guys have all heard me say it before or Cecil in the last couple of calls and conferences. We have an agreed path forward or registration path forward with the European regulators and the U.S. regulators. Your idea of doing head to head, it is probably a good idea that is maybe the next step after this one I would say. And given the endpoints et cetera, probably requires larger longer trials to actually teeth that out in my sense.
Cecil Pickett, Ph.D.: And again I think it's also important to point out that the endpoints agreed upon was annualized relapse rate at one year. And I think that's very important.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Geoff Meacham with JP Morgan.
Geoffrey Meacham - JP Morgan: Hi Guys. Thanks for taking my question. You've previously given the U.S. source of patients for TYSABRI in earlier conference calls. I'm wondering if you can let us know the percent of patients coming from AVONEX versus those new to the market or those on COPAXONE, just on the fourth quarter?
Cecil Pickett, Ph.D.: Yeah I think if you look in previous quarters, it's generally stable from what we have seen, the mix of where patients are coming from. That hasn't changed significantly throughout 2008.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jim Birchenough with Barclays Capital.
Jim Birchenough - Barclays Capital: Yeah hi guys. Just a question on plasmapheresis and whether in suspected cases of PML, you're seeing plasmapheresis being used and in those instances whether there is any report of immune reconstitution syndrome. And just related to that I was just wondering if the patient in Europe was plasmapheresed and if there is any issues with immune reconstitution syndrome specifically there?
Unidentified Analyst: I think Al could...
James Mullen: Yeah Al, would you mind taking that question?
Dr. Alfred Sandrock: There have been a few patients who have received plasma exchange in the U.S. in the case before full confirmation. But in a sense that is consistent with our advice which is to suspend TYSABRI dosing unless PML can be ruled out. Any kind of relapse activity or disease progression on TYSABRI is extremely uncommon because the drug is so effective. So we're advising physicians to be very vigilant. If you suspect PML, stop dosing and some patients have even gone so far as to get plasma exchange, even before full confirmation.
Operator: Your next question then comes from the line of Jason Zhang with BMO Capital Markets.
Jason Zhang - BMO Capital Markets: Yes, hi, thanks for taking next year question. When you were talking about TYSABRI market dynamics, you had talked about stabilization. Were you mainly... because you've referred to the TOUCH program, were you mainly talking about U.S., or the same trend and dynamics also to in ex-U.S., could you... if there is a difference, can you tell us what's the difference there?
Bill Sibold: Well, thanks, this is Bill. The stabilization, it would be fair to say that it is U.S. and international.
James Mullen: And clearly when we talk about very specific stuff, Jason, the visibility that we have in the United States is far greater than the visibility that we have outside the United States to the TOUCH program.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Joel Sendek with Lazard Capital Markets.
Joel Sendek - Lazard Capital Markets: Thanks. I had a question about the EPS guidance, just I believe about $4. I am wondering if there is any upside beyond that. Could it potentially be significantly higher than $4 a share? How much flexibility do you have on the expense side, for example?
Paul Clancy: Someone expected question, Joel. But we... you've kind of elected to just say, we've got a goal of getting above $4, I wouldn't think of that as a wide range. I think of that as the similar ranges what we've kind of had in the past were tighter. We're obviously going to work hard to drive as much shareholder value as we can for the year.
James Mullen: To the extent, this is Jim, Joel. To extent that we see some buoyancy on the top line with the product, I would expect the vast majority that Paul went through.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mark Schoenebaum with Deutsche Bank.
Mark Schoenebaum - Deutsche Bank: Okay. Hi, guys, thanks for taking my question I'm pleased that Dr. Sandrock is on. I was wondering it maybe if he'd be willing kind to kind of give his opinion on some of the emerging new data on some of the oral compounds that have come out. And key outstanding questions namely, the Cladribine data and the FPY data. And since the PEG AVONEX program the FDA is okay with the one year trial with relapse rate as an endpoint, is that... do you think if there's any indication the FDA is allowing single trials for registration now?
Dr. Alfred Sandrock: Hey, Mark that was only four questions.
Mark Schoenebaum - Deutsche Bank: But it was a wrong sentence.
Dr. Alfred Sandrock: Mark, I can't remember the whole thing. I am sorry. Let me take the last question first. I believe... I do not believe the FDA has significantly lowered the hurdle for approval of new molecular entities in multiple sclerosis. I think they've made an exception to this... to the PEGylated interferon situation because of the interferon and the safety of interferon is well described. And moreover they have experienced with PEGylated interferons in the past. And I believe they've made an exception if you will for PEGylated interferon. With respect to your question about, the more... the recent data readouts from competitors. I don't have a lot of information beyond what you have with respect to the oral cladribine trial. I would... I have the efficacy readouts as the placebo rate being approximately 0.33 and the cladribine in one of the dose groups being 0.14 on the annualized relapse rates which translates to efficacy difference of one relapse every five years. So the question there is; is that difference... under scrutiny will that difference still be convincing? For example; we know the drug is a bone marrow suppressant. One of the physicians who rated the relapse as adequately blinded or could they have been tipped off by CBCs, complete blood counts on their patients. But assuming the raters were adequately blinded, we'd want to know whether or not their primary endpoint would support it by secondary endpoints in particular endpoints like disability progression. We understand that they might be positive, but we will give them no data on that, so how robust is the disability data for example. We are assuming the MRI data will support since prior trials of IV cladribine have shown an effect on MRI. We have been given very little information about safety. We are hearing rumors, I think as you have that there are malignancies in the Cladribine groups. I don't know that for a fact. I'm going to wait to see the data at the upcoming scientific meetings. We know that IV Cladribine has the pregnancy category D. And it is a Teratogen which is... I think it'll be of concern to, for MS patients since many of them are young women of child bearing age. And so... and then I think there is an outstanding question about how safe is long-term lymphopenia? And so I think in the end it's going to come down to all these risks and unknowns were to be the small benefits observed in the placebo-controlled of that trail. And as far as FTY 720, I think very similar comments. All we know are the sort of the top-line data from the AVONEX comparison trail. And the laundry list of adverse events include liver function abnormalities, bradycardia, dyspnea pulmonary problems, malignancies particularly skin malignancies, too fatal viral infections and macular edema, all in a relatively short trial with a fairly high discontinuation rate. So again, these are pills, which is an advance but how much are you willing to trade off safety for the convenience of the pill.
Cecil Pickett, Ph.D.: I think the other thing, just to add, just to comment to Al's update on Cladribine, Cladribine is a purine analog and interestingly it actually inhibits DNA synthesis as well as DNA repair. And so, in rapidly proliferating cells obviously inhibiting DNA synthesis has an impact and that's why one would expect mild suppression. The inhibition of DNA repair in resting cells is a concern, in terms of long-term treatment, because those cells where you get mutations, which will make a normal cell turn in to a malignant cell, those mutations can not repaired. And so, I think that in terms of long-term use of Cladribine, will potentially be an issue.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Eric Schmidt with Cowen and Company.
Eric Schmidt - Cowen and Company: Yeah good morning, thanks for taking my call. A question for Paul Clancy on the expense guidance for 2009; it looks like you are doing a great job controlling the SG&A. But I was surprised to hear you a tuck up R&D as a percent of revenue, R&D going up year and year. I think in the past you'd mentioned that it was a goal of the company to bring R&D down as a percent of revenue so maybe you or Jim can, kind of talk about what's going on there?
Paul Clancy: Yeah... I mean. It is a goal, absolutely. We've made tremendous progress on that goal in 2008, Eric. And so, I think with the kind of the top-line being somewhat impacted by the strengthening dollar, we don't want to kind of hold back on the R&D in the progression of the pipeline. So, I think that is too important for us to kind of in a one-year basis try to take our... get too focused on marching down in a linear fashion on the R&D as a percentage of the sales. We still are certainly focused on that over the long haul and we'll continue to put things in place. And I think we think about it in, when we've talked about SG&A and R&D and we certainly want to continue to do that, but I want to think about it in the total operating expenses and total kind of profit margins and getting good progress on that. So, if we can get a little bit more in SG&A one year and not as much in R&D, I think we'd be okay with that. Jim, did you have another thought?
James Mullen: Yeah, and the increases, the absolute increases in 2008 in R&D expense and certainly its even more of the case in 2009, is almost entirely focused at progressing late-stage clinical trials. So if external clinic trial has been... so and that's why I highlighted in my comments sort of the biggest variable in our... in the expense part of P&L is a how rapidly do the late stage trials advance. And then the, sort of unsaid but I think also important point for that is, because most of this is external expense in running clinical trials, it is not part of the prominent burn and build an infrastructure.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Steve Harr with Morgan Stanley.
Steve Harr - Morgan Stanley: I had a question on just the TYSABRI safety profile. As you say, you are seeing a decrease in rate in PML but you now have eight cases of PML in total and only 4500 patients over two years and you have 10,000 patients over 18 months. It seems like that's relatively consistent with the labor of (ph) given the frequency with which it occurs late in or I should say the longer patients are on drug. So, two things, what gives you the confidence to say that the rate is down given that we've now seen a clustering of cases over the last six months? And two, what are your restrictions with your FDA label? Let's say you have a 1 to 1000 rate around what you can say about the rate of PML?
Bill Sibold: I'll have Al comment on this, but in the post marketing setting, there's been five cases, just to clarify. And we feel that the rate is still clearly within what is currently contained within the label. Al any other comment?
Dr. Alfred Sandrock: I am not sure those numbers were quite right. I believe we have more than 20,000 people who've been on the drug for a year, at least. And so I'm not sure the denominators that the caller was using were correct. But we have been tracking the rate very carefully and doing a lot of modeling and simulations and we believe we're well within the risk. And again I think Jim Mullen has made this point in past calls that we think about the risk of PML, it's not just the incidence but the outcome. And when we were re-approved, the assumptions were that the risk of PML was one in a thousand and that it was almost universally fatal. And I believe that when you look at the outcome from the post marketing cases and also the incidence, we're well within what the label states.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Bill Tanner with Leerink Swann.
William Tanner - Leerink Swann: Thanks for taking the question. May be a question for you Bill, just on the re-growing TYSABRI, I was just thinking about is AAN going to be sort of the next big medical conference at which the company can... they'll begin to address some of the concerns that physicians have and then may be if there is a possibility to get a little bit more color or a understanding that things have sort of stabilized, but wondering on is there been a plateau-ing (ph) in the numbers of physicians that are treating? What do you see in terms of size, of practice as to the recent treatment patterns and kind of what do you see community docs versus academics?
Bill Sibold: Okay. So first of all, there is not an intent to wait until AAN to continue to move the needle so to speak with TYSABRI. We have a lot of that but its underway with what we're doing commercially with the products. Throughout 2009, there will be additional presentations made at medical meetings like AAN, and there'll be publications that we are expecting and all of these things we think are, could be benefit-risk profile the product more in perspective, delivering some new information about analysis looking at the data of TYSABRI. And really as we take a look towards the future with a confidence of where we drive our confidence in this brand as far as starting with the disease, I am not... still remains a serious and debilitating disease. And we see that by the amount of switching we commented on in the ABCR market where we have 20% of patients switching each year. Also in the pipeline, with so many products headed towards MS, there's clearly a high unmet need. And TYSABRI, when you look at the efficacy, it really is delivering a new level of efficacy and as we stated in some patients actually reverses disability. I think that this profile, the benefit-risk with PML, is certainly getting put more in perspective in time as we have the results of patients as Cecil mentioned, for the five patients that are alive. And we also look at the number patients globally approaching 40,000, and the product's approaching blockbuster status. So we have a lot of confidence that those positive details, along with the efforts that we have throughout this year, will be beneficial. Now, as to your question about the plateauing in the number of patients or physicians have different (ph) practices. Let me take that on; we see in the U.S. the number of prescribing physicians continues to increase steadily. That, clearly, there is a breadth of physicians prescribing that we believe is sufficient to handle the number of patients that are seeking therapy. And the size of practice, any of the results that we've seen doesn't seem to be tremendous differences between large practices, small practices, academic or well above the trends that we've seen which as we've stated is a general stabilization.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Rajiv Kaul with Fidelity Investments.
Rajiv Kaul - Fidelity Investments: Hey guys, good morning. Thanks for talking my call. I just had a question on antibody titer testing of the JC virus, and I was wondering how quickly that could be incorporated into the program, because my understanding is that, it's a pretty simple blood test? And that... and if you look at the literature, I think about 30% of MS patient probably have no antibody titers to JC viremia... not to viremia, to the virus. And so the implication of that would be that, potentially a large number of MS patients that may have never had exposure to the JC virus, if that's true, currently TYSABRI's penetration is only about 8%. And so that would give us a lot of legroom herein and it could demolish the risk of PML. So, I just wanted to get your thoughts on this and wanted to get a sense for how quickly we could move forward with some of this testing?
James Mullen: Al?
Dr. Alfred Sandrock: Thanks. The color's right, that... in the past and with respect to PML risk mitigation, we had focused on the treatment side and for those reasons we did the plasma exchange study and we're initiating the Mefloquine study. And we believe that that plus the pharmaco-vigilance and the clinical-vigilance that's, that we advised has helped in the outcome from PML. In this year, in 2009, we're going to turn our focus on to risk mitigation. And a major push in that respect will be the prior exposure to JCV as a risk factor, and the serologies that were mentioned is a key aspect of that, and we believe that we can get into testing certainly... we believe by around mid-year, we can start testing. But certainly by the end of the year we hope to be doing testing in patients. We're doing many other preliminary steps, experiments now, but it is a major goal for 2009.
Elizabeth Woo: Well, thank you. I think given the time and face of that (ph) that has to be our last question. So, thank you for joining us today. And the replay number is available. Thank you.
James Mullen: Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude the Biogen Idec fourth quarter earnings call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2008 Q3  (2008-10-21 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Elizabeth Woo - VP, IR James C. Mullen - President and CEO Bill Sibold - Sr. VP, U.S. Commercial Cecil B. Pickett, Ph.D - President, Research and Development Paul J. Clancy - EVP and CFO Al Sandrock - Sr. VP, Neurology Research and Development
Analysts: Mark Schoenebaum - Deutsche Bank Geoff Meacham - JPMorgan Geoffrey Porges - Bernstein Joel Sendek - Lazard Capital Markets Yaron Werber - Citigroup Michael Aberman - Credit Suisse Adam Walsh - Jefferies Eric Schmidt - Cowen and Company Jim Birchenough - Barclays Capital William Tanner - Leerink Swann May-Kin Ho - Goldman Sachs Ian Somaiya - Thomas Weisel Partners William Ho - Bank of America Maged Shinouda - UBS Jason Zhang - BMO Capital Markets
Operator: Good morning. My name is Brandy, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Biogen Idec Third Quarter 2008 Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions]. Thank you. I would now like to turn the call over to Elizabeth Woo, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Elizabeth Woo - Vice President, Investor Relations: Thanks, Brandy. Welcome to Biogen Idec's third quarter earnings conference call 2008. Before we begin, I would encourage everyone to go the Investor Relations section of our website, biogenidec.com and print out the press release and related financial tables. These will be particularly useful when our CFO, Paul Clancy reviews the financial results and the reconciliation to non-GAAP financial measures discussed today. We've also posted slides on our website that outline the topics discussed on today's call. Let me start with our Safe Harbor statement. Comments made in this conference call include forward-looking statements about the company's expectations regarding future financial results, including our 2008 financial guidance, our longer term operational and financial goals, the sales potential of TYSABRI and other products, the availability of external growth opportunities and pipeline advancements. Such statements are subject to risks and uncertainties which could cause actual results to differ materially from expectations. In particular, careful consideration should be given to the risks and uncertainties that are described in our earnings release and in item 1A of the company's reports on Form 10-K and 10-Q and in other reports Biogen Idec files with the SEC. The Company does not undertake any obligation to publicly update any forward-looking statements. Today on the call, I'm joined by Jim Mullen, CEO of Biogen Idec; Bill Sibold, Senior Vice President, U.S. Commercial; Dr. Cecil Pickett, President, Research and Development; Paul Clancy, CFO and Executive Vice President of Finance. And now, I'll turn the call over to Jim Mullen.
James C. Mullen - President and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you, Elizabeth. Good morning everyone. For the first time in the company's history, Biogen Idec recorded revenues in excess of $1 billion in the quarter. In Q3, year-over-year revenues grew 38% and earnings grew approximately 70%. This is the fourth consecutive quarter where revenues and earnings have increased more than 25%. The core business fundamentals were solid and continue to generate strong cash flows, and our prospects for growth both now and in the future remain strong. We share with you our progress towards our stated 2010 goals on products, pipeline and performance that we put forth last year at about this time. We outlined goals for our three core products and geographic diversification of our business. RITUXAN, we had a goal of filing in at least two indications, and we filed the DMARD, inadequate responder of... the RA indication was filed this quarter and with recent announcements of COO, a filing was planned for early next year. AVONEX continues to be the world leading multiple sclerosis treatment, and it continues to deliver solid performance. In Q3, AVONEX grew 26% year-over-year, and we are anticipating to receive $2 billion of revenue this year. AVONEX share in the ADCR market remains over 30% worldwide. Our efforts remain focused on extracting growth from these two high margin products which are so valuable to our cash flows. At the end of September, patients on TYSABRI therapy grew over 35,000 patients worldwide. TYSABRI remains on track to exit the year approaching a billion dollar run rate of in-market revenues. We did observe a moderating growth rate in patient additions in Q3 as one would anticipate since the MS community digesting the recent PML event. Nevertheless, the number of patients is growing. We remain focused on achieving the goal we set of 100,000 patients by year end 2010, which roughly equates to 20% market share. It will clearly take a reacceleration to achieve this goal and at this point we think it's premature to speculate a longer-term impact on the business of the recent events. Towards the end of this year and into early next year, the patient numbers is exceeding one and half and two years on therapy will be more instructive of TYSABRI safety and efficacy profile over longer periods of time. Bill Sibold, the Senior Vice President, U.S. Commercial will take you through an update of the MS franchise and share feedback from the marketplace. Another goal was to generate more than 40% of revenue from the international business by 2010. At the end of 2007, international revenues represented 29% of our business and this is excluding wealth tax and rest of world royalty and it's increased to 34% year-to-date in 2008. So, our international footprint is important strategic asset long-term for two reasons; diversify their business geographically as the reimbursement landscape for growth opportunities change in the future, and it also enables us to extract full value from our predominantly unencumbered pipeline. Now turning to pipeline for a moment. With over a dozen product candidates in Phase II, we have completed nearly all of the 10 data readouts this year with only a couple more to come by year-end. The recent, baminercept results were disappointing, but we were in a high quality trial that enabled us to make a clear decision. The purpose of building a pipeline with a breadth and depth that we have is to avoid being over reliant on any one program. With regard to four new indications for existing and new products, we are on track for three so far. TYSABRI has launched across these earlier this year, RITUXAN was filed with a label expansion, DMARD inadequate responder population for RA and we will be filing the REACH data in relapsed CLL next year. Today, we have five compounds of Phase III trails; BG-12, Lumiliximab, Galiximab, Lixivaptan and ADENTRI, all of which have resulted in a significant ramp up of our clinical trial activity this year. Our pipeline with the breath and maturity is critical to a sustainable business model in our industry. This investment is expected to deal products that will contribute top-line growth over the longer term. Dr. Cecil Pickett will review the pipeline accomplishments and upcoming milestones in his comments. And couple of financial comments with respect to 2010. Our objective continues to be to deliver 15 to 20% compounded annual growth rate in top and bottom-line similar to what we achieved in the 2003 to 2007 period. Out of the gates we are well positioned in year one to pose a very strong extra [ph] in mid 20% top-line and high 20% bottom-line growth. In conclusion, we have strong franchises, strong cash flows and strong balance sheet and in the quarter with more than $2 billion in cash and marketable securities. In the current economic climate, this puts us in an enviable position with the potential to capitalize the strategic opportunities. While nothing is eminent, we are keeping our powder dry. Paul Clancy, our CFO will walk you through the quarter and provide more details on the balance sheet. I'll now turn the call over to Bill Sibold, the Head of U.S. Commercial business. Bill?
Bill Sibold - Senior Vice President, U.S. Commercial: Thanks Jim. I am pleased to report that in Q3 was an extremely strong quarter. Biogen Idec's global MS franchise continues to grow everyday. In Q3, global neurology revenue increased by 44% to $744.7 million versus the prior year. This was driven by strong results for both AVONEX and TYSABRI. AVONEX is $573 million in global revenue in Q3, was up 26% year-over-year and 9% quarter-over-quarter. AVONEX's revenue was up 21% year-over-year in the U.S. and 33% year-over-year internationally. With over 135,000 patients on therapy worldwide and over 1 million in patient years of experience, AVONEX remains the foundation of our global MS business. Perhaps AVONEX's clear long-term efficacy and best in class compliance is why it is the number one MS therapy in the world. AVONEX disrupts the disease, not patients' lives. Last month at ECTRIMS in Montreal, we announced the results of the assurance study that showed that patients who continued on AVONEX for the 15-year period since the original pivotal trial that reduced disability progression, greater quality of life, and significantly greater sense of independence in self care for those patients who had either switched to another therapy or discontinued therapy. Additionally, at ECTRIMS, we presented data on sustained disability improvement with TYSABRI. Traditionally, MS has been thought of as a relentlessly progressive disease. Clinical trials measured disability progression, and we judged how well ECTRIMS works by measuring to what extent it limits disease progression by EDSS as compared to placebo. We have heard from numerous physicians and patients that they felt their disability improved on TYSABRI. We put these anecdotes to a test by looking back at data from the affirmed pivotal study. Rather than measuring sustained disability progression, we measured sustained disability improvement from baseline and found that TYSABRI led to an improvement in disability in many patients. TYSABRI continues to grow within market revenue of $236 million in the quarter, 19% growth over the prior quarter and an over 150% increase over the prior year. Overall, we continue to increase the number of patients on TYSABRI each week in the U.S. and internationally. As of the end of September, there were more than 35,500 patients on TYSABRI worldwide in the commercial and clinical trial setting. Over 3600 commercial patients were added during the quarter. There are about 19,500 TYSABRI patients in the U.S. with 3400 prescribing physicians. We continue to add new physicians at the same rate as we did in Q2. Internationally, there were nearly 15,300 patients on therapy in the 39 countries in which TYSABRI is approved Cumulatively, in the combined clinical trial and post-marketing setting, more than 48,000 patients have been treated with TYSABRI, and of those patients, nearly 18,000 have received at least one year of TYSABRI therapy and approximately 9,500 patients have been on therapy for 18 months or longer. During this time, we are watching for any new trends in prescribing patterns for TYSABRI. Because of the existence of the TOUCH program, we have the ability to examine U.S. data for changes. There are four key questions I'd like to discuss at this time based on our analysis of the U.S. TOUCH data. First, what caused the moderation in TYSABRI growth in Q3? In a target to turn the impact of summer holidays and ECTRIMS on prescribing, physician responses have varied greatly, though there has been a reduction in prescribing and an increase in discontinuations that we believe can be attributed to recent events. Second, what do we know about the source of patients coming to TYSABRI? The type of patients coming to TYSABRI appears to be unchanged based on both their times and diagnosis with MS, and their prior therapy. COPAXONE is still the largest source. Additionally, we continue to see about 4 to 5% of TYSABRI patients that are nave to therapy, which is similar to prior data. Third, have we seen any patterns of behavior that differ between small and large volume physicians? The reduction has been fairly consistent among those physicians who have written TYSABRI in a consistent manner. At least part of the reduction in the prescribing of the large volume of physicians appears to be driven by a reduced number of incoming referrals they are receiving. And fourth, what's happening to the rate of discontinuation? The rate of discontinuation previously better than the other immunomodulatory agents has increased and is currently similar to the rate for those drugs. It is two things to discern if patients are reaching a certain amount of time on drug and then discontinuing. We are monitoring these discontinuations for any evidence of treatment positive. Anecdotally, we have only heard of isolated cases of physicians that are doing this. It is our physicians that the optimal dosing and administration are as described in the label. As we said, this information is based on the U.S. only. Our discussions with physicians in other countries indicate that there are similarities and differences in the responses across the globe. It comes down to individual's assessment of benefit risk and is not a homogenate globally or even within any country. We remain in the early phase. Physicians are still evaluating the benefit-risk equation taking into consideration strong efficacy data TYSABRI, the serious stabilitating nature of MS and the incidence of PML. We continue to add new patients and prescribers each day. We believe TYSABRI will grow throughout the remainder of 2008 and into the future. In conclusion, we are the number one MS therapy in the world today, AVONEX; a product that has established a new level of efficacy, TYSABRI; and the best and broadest pipeline of MS products for the future. Biogen Idec is the leader in multiple sclerosis. Our goal is to provide products and services for MS patients from diagnosis to disease resolution. I will now hand the call to Dr. Cecil Pickett, President, R&D.
Cecil B. Pickett, Ph.D - President, Research and Development: Good. Thank you, Bill and good morning everyone. Today, I'll report on updates and accomplishments in the quarter and on upcoming data read outs. First, results and data read outs. We were very pleased with the positive results of the Phase III REACH trial which demonstrated that adding RITUXAN to chemotherapy improved progression-free survival in relapsed CLL patients. The data have been submitted for a late break-in presentation at ASH meeting in December. The study met the investigator assessed primary endpoint of improving progression-free survival in patients with previously treated CLL compared to chemotherapy alone. The investigator assessed data are being reviewed and after an independent review of the progression-free survival data from REACH, we plan to discuss our findings with the FDA. In the first line CLL setting, we were encouraged by Roche announcement of the positive results of the CLL 8 study investing RITUXAN in combination with chemotherapy versus chemotherapy alone. The results of this study will also be presented at ASH in December. We and our partners our planning to meet with the FDA and discuss CLL 8 and determine the appropriate next steps. As Jim mentioned, we were disappointed to learn that Baminercept alpha failed to reach primary or secondary endpoint in the Phase II B trial in DMARD IR rheumatoid arthritis patients. An inner look at data from a second trial in TNFIR RA patients confirmed this outcome. Therefore, we have terminated development in this indication. While we are considering other potential indications based on preclinical activity, we do not have clinical trials underway at this time. As I said, while I'm disappointed in the outcome, I'm very pleased with the speed with which we generated data and reached the decision. I'd also like to say that we have a robust pipeline and its breath and depth means that we are not depended on any single event or data. Next, regulatory filings. With respect to our clinical pipeline progress in the quarter, an SBOA was submitted to the FDA for the use of RITUXAN in patients with moderately to severely active rheumatoid arthritis with an inadequate response to one or more disease modifying antirheumatic drug therapies such as methotrexate. The submission included day-to-data from surveying Phase III study as well as data from other supporting studies such as Sunrise. Related to this, we will present data from the surveying [ph] sunrise and explorer trails at the ACR meeting that begins later this week in San Francisco. We also filed data on the TYSABRI high-titre production process to U.S. and European regulatory authorities and we expect an answer by early 2009. Now a word on the late-stage pipeline. We continue to make good progress on advancing and developing our late-stage pipeline. We are enrolling patients into our five ongoing registration trials with novel molecules; BG-12 in MS; Lumiliximab in CLL; Galiximab in NHL; Lixivaptan in hyponatremia; and ADENTRU in acute decompensated congestive heart failure. We expect to complete enrollment in the first BG-12 Phase III trial and the Phase II portion of the Lumiliximab Phase II/III trial in early 2009. On the early-stage pipeline in the quarter, we have enrolled the first dose cohort in a Phase I trail of TYSABRI in multiple myeloma. Let me also say that I'm pleased with the pace of advancement in the early-stage pipeline including research to development transitions as well as initiation of first-in-human and proof-of-concept trials. Next, a comment on TYSABRI. Since the launch of TYSABRI in June 2006 through September 30th 2008, there have been two confirmed cases of PML, both of which occurred in patients who received TYSABRI monotherapy in the post-marketing setting. We learned that these two confirmed cases of PML at the end of July have very rapidly communicated this relevant new information to clinicians and investigators and investors. We have not seen any additional confirmed cases to date since those two in July. We have since worked with the FDA and worldwide regulatory authorities to update the TYSABRI label. In the U.S., the label now indicates cases of PML that have been seen with TYSABRI monotherapy and a dear healthcare professional letter went out in September announcing the labeling update. The revision also noted that incidence of PML appears to be lower in monotheraphy but that the number of cases and patients are too few to make firm conclusions. In Europe, the CHMP has agreed to propose changes to the label and a dear healthcare professional letter went out in August. Other authorities worldwide have been notified, and we are working with them as appropriate. In addition, we have more recently updated the labeling for TYSABRI to include data information on the use of plasma exchange PLEX to remove TYSABRI from a patient's blood and information regarding PLEX was included with the EU approval. Recent events highlight the importance of clinical vigilance which remains the best way to identify PML thoroughly. We are underscoring this in our conversations with clinicians. A final note on PML; once again in recent weeks, we have seen additional immuno modulators become associated with PML. This is a reminder that powerful drugs, which modulate the immune system, do have side effects. PML is not specific to TYSABRI and that risk must always be measured against efficacy. I'll end by reminding you about some upcoming data readouts. We expect to see through the end of this year and into early and mid-2009, data from a Phase IIa trial of BIIB014, an adenosine 2A2 receptor antagonist for Parkinson's disease. Also, interim data from a Phase II trial of our heat shock proteins 90 inhibitor in GI stromal tumors and a Phase I/II trial of the long-acting factor IX in hemophilia B. These readouts will allow us to make adrenaline go [ph] decision on the next step for those programs. In conclusion, 2008 continues to be a very active year on the R&D front, and we continue to push to decision points for each of these programs. I'll now hand the call over to our CFO, Paul Clancy.
Paul J. Clancy - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Thanks Cecil. The GAAP financials are provided in table 1 and 2 of the earnings release. Table 3 includes a reconciliation of the GAAP to non-GAAP financial results and full year guidance. The primary differences between our GAAP and non-GAAP results for the quarter were $95 million related to the amortization of intangible assets, $8 million related to pre-tax employee stock option expense and a $24 million tax impact for these and other items. Now I'll move on to the non-GAAP P&L operating performance. We believe it's important to share this non-GAAP P&L with shareholders since it better represents the ongoing economics of our business and reflects how we manage the business internally and set operational goals. In Q3, we delivered $0.70 a share diluted EPS on the GAAP P&L, and after the adjustments shown on table three, our non-GAAP diluted EPS was $0.98, representing a 69% growth versus prior year. Now let's move through the second quarter non-GAAP P&L results in a bit more detail. Q3 total revenues were $1.93 billion, representing a 38% growth over the same period last year. Revenue for the first nine months of the year totaled just over $3 billion, representing 33% growth over the first nine months of 2007. Key drivers include the continued growth of the AVONEX business, further adoption of TYSABRI and the growth of the RITUXAN franchise in the U.S. and overseas. Going through our product revenues, I'll begin with AVONEX. Q3 AVONEX worldwide product revenues were $573 million, representing a 26% increase over the same period last year. Revenue for the first nine months of the year totaled $1.6 billion, representing 20% growth over the first nine months of 2007. Q3 U.S. AVONEX product sales were $322 million, representing a 21% increase over the same period last year. Revenue for the first nine months of the year totaled $936 million, representing a 16% growth over the same period last year. In the U.S., AVONEX inventory in the channel ended at just over 2 weeks in the third quarter, unchanged essentially from Q2. On a year-over-year basis, units sold in the U.S. declined approximately 5% in the third quarter. This was more than offset by price increases. On a sequential basis, Q2 to Q3 volume declined by approximately 22% partially attributed to seasonal softness often seen in summer months. Q3 International AVONEX product sales were $252 million, representing an increase of 33% on a year-over-year basis. Revenue for the first nine months of the year totaled $701 million, representing 25% growth over the same period last year. Approximately 10% of this year-to-year increase in Q3 for international AVONEX sales was driven by favorable foreign exchange. It was a strong quarter when comparing year-over-year and a strong quarter comparing to Q2 2008. The sequential quarter increase of 14% for international AVONEX revenues benefited from two items: an increase in the German market. We took a price increase in Germany and believe there was some wholesaler stocking during the quarter. The quarter also benefited from higher tender business, which is often lumpy, specifically from Middle-Eastern distributors. Overall, the AVONEX international business from a unit perspective is growing at approximately 10% when comparing the first nine months of 2008 to the first nine months of 2007. Moving to TYSABRI revenue, Q3 TYSABRI worldwide Biogen Idec product revenues increased to $171 million. U.S. end-user TYSABRI sales totaled $122 million, which represents a 22% quarter-over-quarter increase. Biogen Idec booked $56 million of this amount. The U.S. TYSABRI business modestly benefited from a couple of extra shipping days in Q3. International end user TYSABRI sales totaled $115 million, a 14% increase from the prior quarter. Q3 FUMADERM revenue was $11 million. Now moving on to the RITUXAN collaboration revenue referred to as the revenue from unconsolidated joint business. We recorded $299 million of revenue for the quarter, representing an increase of 27% on a year-over-year basis. This number has several elements. First, we received our share of the U.S. RITUXAN profit. As reported by our partner Genentech, U.S. RITUXAN sales were $655 million in the third quarter, up 14% versus prior year. And our Q3 profit share from that business was $192 million, up 23% versus prior year. Second, we received royalty revenue on sales of rituximab outside the U.S. And in Q3, this was $90 million, up 43% versus prior year as strong MabThera revenue growth and foreign exchange benefit. Third, we reimbursed $17 million for selling and development costs incurred related to RITUXAN. I'd also like to point out that included in the Q3; U.S. profit share is the benefit of $8 million of one-time items related to operating expense true-ups in collaboration credits. I'll now provide a bit more detail on MabThera royalties. Currently, we receive a low double-digit royalty on quarterly rituximab sales outside the U.S for 11 years from the date of first sale. This is on a country-by-country basis. We account for this on a cash basis. In essence were paid on a one quarter lag. So, for example, royalties on MabThera in Q2 are paid to and recorded by Biogen Idec in Q3. This revenue stream will begin to decline as countries reach the 11-year mark. Sweden and Switzerland reached the 11-year mark during the fourth quarter of 2008. The countries that make up a significant percentage of sales in the EU will expire in 2009, notably, France in January, Spain in March, and Germany and the UK in June. Italy will reach the 11-year mark in Q1, 2010. Other EU countries will expire throughout 2009 and early 2010. Our profit share arrangement on MabThera also benefits from sales in Canada and royalties from Japan, which will expire during the latter half of 2010 and 2012 respectively. So the net impact of this is that we expect, going forward, to see a gradual decline each quarter in this part of our revenue, starting in early 2009 through mid-2010. Moving on, Q3 royalties were $35 million for the quarter. Our large quarter-over-quarter growth rate was driven primarily by a royalty stream from Angiomax. We earned royalty on Angiomax sales which increases as sales levels are exceeded during the year. If they pass through one of these sales targets, the new higher royalty rate is applied in the respective quarter and retroactively to prior calendar quarters. This quarter's results reflect a stepped up royalty rate which is retroactively applied to sales in Q1 and Q2. Now turning to the expense lines in the P&L, which include the non-GAAP adjustments that I described earlier. Q3 COGS was $107 million which is approximately 10% of revenue. Q3 R&D expenses were $265 million which is approximately 24% of revenues for the quarter, and a decrease of 6% in dollars from the third quarter of 2008. The 6% decrease in our year-over-year spend was primarily due to the one-time $50 million upfront payment made to Cardiokine to license the late-stage lixivaptan program in Q3 2007. Absent that increase in R&D expenses quarter-over-quarter were driven by a continued advancement of the pipeline. Year-to-date R&D expenses are approximately 25% of revenue. Q3 SG&A expenses... SG&A expenses were $225 million, representing 21% of revenues. This is a 22% year-on-year increase and a 7% quarter-on-quarter decrease. Drivers of the year-over-year increase include investments to support both TYSABRI and AVONEX as well as unfavorable foreign exchange. Continuing down the P&L, our collaboration profit sharing line totaled $44 million of expense for the quarter, representing Biogen Idec's payment of 50% of profits outside the U.S. to Elan and the reimbursement of third-party royalties incurred by Elan outside the U.S. Q3 other income and expenses was a $26 million loss. In the third quarter, we recognized losses from sales and impairments of investments of approximately $24 million. 10 million was the result of realized losses from the sale of corporate debt securities of certain financial institutions, and 14 was the result of impairments or unrealized losses taken, primarily on mortgage backed securities based on recent fair market valuations. Given the current credit turmoil, let me provide a bit more detail on our balance sheet. We have approximately total of $2 billion of cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities at the end of Q3, invested in a well diversified portfolio. More than two-thirds consist of U.S. treasuries, agencies and money market funds. With respect to the money market funds, we invest in high quality, AAA-rated prime money market funds offered by large banks or investment institutions. The balance of the investment portfolio consists of corporate securities and mortgage and asset-backed securities. Over 70% of these are rated AAA, while the remaining security ratings are evenly split between AA and A. Nevertheless, we are continuing to lower the risk profile of the portfolio by reducing our exposure in an orderly manner to asset and mortgage-backed securities. Q3 tax rate on a non-GAAP basis was approximately 32.5%. The effective tax rate in Q3 was unfavorably impacted by two items. First, an imminent change in the Massachusetts Tax Law, which impacted our deferred tax liability, and we now project a modestly higher percentage of pre-tax profits in the U.S. Taking these changes into account and the recently passed R&D tax credit legislation, we expect our 2008 effective tax rate to be within our previous guidance of 28 to 30%. This brings us to our Q3 non-GAAP diluted earnings per share of $0.98. Now I would like to close with our 2008 full year non-GAAP financial guidance. We expect full year annual revenue growth above the mid-20% range. We expect operating margins to be similar to previous guidance and R&D and SG&A expenses for the year to be approximately $2 billion. This excludes our collaboration profit share expense. Our non-GAAP tax rate is expected to be 28 to 30%, while our GAAP tax rate is expected to be between 31 and 33%. We expect non-GAAP EPS to be above $3.50. GAAP EPS is forecast to be above $2.51. Included in our guidance for Q4 is covering the impact of a stronger U.S. dollar. Additionally our forecast now includes two business development-related milestones which could amount to approximately $40 million. First, we forecast milestone payments related to our alliance with Neurimmune in early stage Alzheimer's program. Second, our guidance now includes the potential for an opt-in payment to Genentech related to GA101, a humanized anti-CD20 molecule developed by Glycart. This is currently under consideration and yet included in our guidance for Q4. Additionally, we have incorporated in the outlook a modest impact of potential for the securities impairment. This is obviously depended on the macro financial environment. So in summary, Q3 was a very strong quarter. Our top-line growth was strong at 38%, driven by all of our products. We continue to progress and invest in our pipeline and at the bottom line, we delivered strong operating leverage. I'll hand over the call to Jim for his closing comments.
James C. Mullen - President and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you, Paul. Business performance year-to-date start to [ph] deliver full year guidance. I believe that the strong fundamentals of the business across all products and geographies will continue to deliver robust results and create significant value for our shareholders. With that, Elizabeth let's open it up to the Q&A.
Elizabeth Woo - Vice President, Investor Relations: Thanks Jim. Joining us for the question and answer session is Dr. Al Sandrock, Senior Vice President, Neurology Research and Development. Operator, we're now ready to open the call to Q&A as we request that the participants on the call please limit yourself to one question and then re-enter the queue for your follow up questions. This will allow all of your colleagues to get in their question. Also please state your name and company affiliation. Operator, we can take the first question no. Question And Answer
Operator: Your first question comes from Mark Schoenebaum with Deutsche Bank.
Mark Schoenebaum - Deutsche Bank: Okay. Thank you for taking my question guys. I am going to ask question for everyone in the queue is having to top of the list. Is it possible for you to give us any specific color about TYSABRI patient adds over the course of the quarter perhaps monthly? Like for example was August still up over July and then you saw a decline. And if possible also can you give us color on U.S. versus ex-U.S.?
James C. Mullen - President and Chief Executive Officer: Bill, you want to take that?
Bill Sibold - Senior Vice President, U.S. Commercial: Yes, sure. So looking at specifically August and September, the rate of new adds was approximately 215 per week that we saw. And that's because of the stage that it's in the early stages, vacations and anatomy [ph] and stuff, the mixture between U.S. and International is average between the two. Again, it's still early, we consider, it's still early. Physicians are evaluating the benefits, risk equations. And the one thing that hasn't changed is TYSABRI's efficacy profile still remains extremely favorable.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Geoff Meacham with JPMorgan.
Geoff Meacham - JPMorgan: Hi guys. Question on drug holiday. Have you seen any trends or received feedback from neurologists just with respect to a one to two months drug holidays and what are your plans to sort of investigate this avenue? For TYSABRI of course.
James C. Mullen - President and Chief Executive Officer: You want to take that Al.
Al Sandrock - Senior Vice President, Neurology Research and Development: We have heard anecdotal reports of physicians going through drug treatment positive. We have no other data than that. We are going to be looking into our clinical trial database with respect to drug holidays. While we had one large holiday that was imposed when we had suspended TYSABRI, we learned a lot about what happens to patients, their MRI scan etcetera. After treatment pause, we plan to investigate that further and to provide information that could be useful to patients and their physicians. We are looking into other research projects that could inform as to whether or not these drug holidays have any impact.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Geoffrey Porges with Bernstein.
Geoffrey Porges - Bernstein: Thanks very much for taking the question. Again on TYSABRI, you've been through a lot this quarter between biogenetics and lot on managing all the communication. Could you comment on whether the current structure between the two companies is optimal from managing this complex product and for maximizing its potential and if not, would you consider changing it?
James C. Mullen - President and Chief Executive Officer: Well Jeff, I'll take that, its Jim. I think you've seen that both companies have worked closely together on these communications as was true to this quarter. Its been true too in the past. So, I think, when it comes to coming quickly to a agreement at the medical level or at the communications level or the commercial level we've been able to do that relatively quickly. We have, as you know, organized things such that, we are largely executing in the MS world, so at the operational level that makes it fairly simple and clean. And they are executing on the course of these. So, I don't see that there is anything particularly about the operational issues that gets in the way of either the communications or fairly rapid decision making.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Joel Sendek with Lazard Capital Markets.
Joel Sendek - Lazard Capital Markets: Hi thanks. Just a follow-up to the answer you gave with regard to the 215 add rate in August and September. I'm wondering, is that net of discontinuations and have you seen any trend towards the end of September and October? You can tell us whether it's starting to pick up at all.
Unidentified Company Representative: Yes. Approximately 215 is net. So that concludes new adds and discontinuations. And as far as looking into October, some of the best way to characterize it is that we feel we're stabilized.
Joel Sendek - Lazard Capital Markets: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Yaron Werber with Citi.
Yaron Werber - Citigroup: I wanted to just ask about Crohn. Can you give a sense of how many patients roughly did you have on therapy or the extent that you can you give us any color as to what percentage of your sales was in that area?
James C. Mullen - President and Chief Executive Officer: I'll take it. This is Jim. The sales in Crohn's is still relatively small. It's in the early phases. They have been rolling it up, educating physicians. I think the total number of Crohn's patients are any where over 100.
Elizabeth Woo - Vice President, Investor Relations: 200.
James C. Mullen - President and Chief Executive Officer: I'm sorry, 200. Just got it corrected already.
Elizabeth Woo - Vice President, Investor Relations: We had about 60 in the quarter.
James C. Mullen - President and Chief Executive Officer: And the pricing under dosing is same there. So you can do the ratio with that against the patients.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Michael Aberman with Credit Suisse.
Michael Aberman - Credit Suisse: Hey guys. Thanks for taking the question. Is it possible to get an update on the patients with PML? Last we heard, one of the patients in Sweden for example was suffering with IRIS. Is there any update on that patient as well as the other patient with PML?
James C. Mullen - President and Chief Executive Officer: So there has not been a major change since the last reports at the scientific meeting. As you've heard, the first patient did undergo some Iris, but he has been in rehabilitation and continues to improve on a day-to-day basis, and his TSF vile tiders are diminishing. And you also heard that the second patient was seriously ill and hospitalized and that status remains.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Adam Walsh with Jefferies.
Adam Walsh - Jefferies: Hey thanks. Can you give us a sense of whether physicians are still using the one in a thousand PML rates describing the label as a threshold for comfort and do you get any sense from doctors, does that label change in the event the new PML cases emerge. Thanks.
James C. Mullen - President and Chief Executive Officer: I don't think we get a lot sense from the physicians exactly how they integrate all that. I think one of the one things that Cecil mentioned in his comments is the FDA in the change to the labeling actually references that are in monotheraphy, the rate appears to be less than the one in a thousand. I think at this point, that's about all you could do. I think the difficulty which is going to remain for a bit of time is the denominator particularly of the number of patients that have gone out fairly long-term in therapies is still relatively small. So, I think we just have to continue to watch that issue.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Eric Schmidt with Cowen and Company.
Eric Schmidt - Cowen and Company: Good morning. I was hoping that Paul could perhaps quantify for us those one time items that affected the ex-U.S. AVONEX sales for the quarter. And I guess what I'm getting at is, the guidance you've given for 2008 revenues is quite an open range, would at least contemplate the Q4 sales, could be down quarter-over-quarter. Is that at all a possibility?
Paul J. Clancy - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Eric, the drilling [ph] impact and the Middle East distributor impact is probably in the $4 million to $6 million range. So its a little bit of an impact but its not a huge impact. As it relates to the Q4, yes, I mean I think its possible. We actually had a number of other things in Q3 that we benefited from. I think, out-hold... we tried to lay them out on the call. Out holder is probably $25 million impact, something to that magnitude. So, there is a chance that there is a down quarter driven, I think what we are watching right now is the foreign exchange rates that has benefited us over the last few quarters. We are actually in our forecast now, looking at the spark rate now and looking at some of these couple of one time items. So, I think that there is a chance that its down but we feel very comfortable that we will see growth for the quarter, Q4 versus Q4 2007. We begin to start lapping much stronger numbers as we move into Q4 as well as we wrap around into next year. And we also feel very strong that we'll end the year in a strong position vis--vis our full year numbers.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Steve Hearth [ph] with Morgan Stanley.
Unidentified Analyst: Paul, can you give us a sense on the degree to which you've hedged your currency risk and for the duration of that, the hedging program you have in place?
Paul J. Clancy - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Yes. I'll start with the second part of your question. We hedge essentially our operating plan. So, as we finish and conclude kind of our planning cycle or get close to the end of our planning cycle and have a high probability of the cash flow stream for the next year, we go out and hedge that. So, we are imminently heading into that for 2009. As it relates to kind of the hedging dynamics, technically we hedge revenue. We hedge it at a rate to try to essentially equate the cast flow stream. So, it isn't all of the revenue, it's the portion that would in essence equate to the cash flow stream. We do have expenses outside the United States in R&D, in sales and marketing and in G&A. So, there is to some extent the natural hedge as it relates to that. What I have done on the calls is to try to highlight each quarter the impact particularly on the AVONEX international business. This quarter, we talked about, it benefited from about 10% on a year-on-year basis. If I had concluded and kind of finished up the rest of the P&L, what you'd see is there is some offset to that benefit on sales and marketing in the R&D. All the way down to the bottom-line, we've probably picked up between a nickel and $0.08 on a year-to-date basis from the foreign exchange rates of 2008 versus 2007. Hopefully that helps a bit, Steve.
Operator: Your next question from the line of Jim Birchenough with Barclays Capital.
Jim Birchenough - Barclays Capital: Yes, hi guys. Just following up on TYSABRI trends. I'm just wondering since the two reported cases in Europe, have you've seen any uptick in trends for suspected cases, whether any patients have been plasmapherese in the U.S. and just whether plasmapheresis itself increases the risk for immune re-constitution syndrome? Thanks.
Unidentified Company Representative: Well we're not going to comment on suspected cases. To remind you that our clinical vigilance and risk management plan requires people to be highly vigilant for TYSABRI and if they cannot exclude PML, they are meant to stop TYSABRI. So, we expect a lot of people to be stopping TYSABRI if they can't rule out PML. And we like to see that that happens. And in terms of plasma exchange, as Cecil noted, it is in the label whether or not it increases IRIS. We've known for a long time that immune re-constitution increases IRIS. Its called the immune re-constitution inflammatory syndrome. And so, I don't think it's too surprising that plasma exchange may increase IRIS.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Bill Tanner with Leerink Swann.
William Tanner - Leerink Swann: Thanks for taking the question. Jim, maybe for you, just how do you guys think about TYSABRI pricing vis--vis the holidays and or discontinuations? I guess if there are some interruption fewer doses in a given year it be pretty easy to just increase the per infusion cost, but I guess if it looks like the trend is more towards patients going on the drug perhaps for two years and then rotating to something else, it's a little bit of a different dynamic?
James C. Mullen - President and Chief Executive Officer: Well, I don't think there is any data to push you in one direction and another on that. Its a purely technical matter. In the U.S. that is a line decision but of course, Evan [ph] and we are in close conversation around that outside the U.S. that would be our decision, but the same dynamics apply as we always do. We are looking carefully at the pricing period and mostly at the value period, which is, what's the benefit achieved and what else is going on in the marketplace. So, we never talk about our forward pricing policies and this would probably not be a good time to start.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of May-Kin Ho with Goldman Sachs.
May-Kin Ho - Goldman Sachs: Hi. I'm going to ask a new question on different topic on long-acting Factor IX. Assuming if data are positive, what are the next steps as for this program and where are you with manufacturing?
Unidentified Company Representative: Yes, well I think, I mean, again the first problem is going to be a very small proof-of-concept trial and patients will seem a fairly bay [ph]. I think if the data there is positive with the doses that we choose that we will have a discussion with regulatory agencies about triggering of pivotal registration program. So, we'll wait for the data and basically go from there.
Unidentified Company Representative: And manufacturing was the second part of your question, May-Kin. The manufacturing of the product was being done or supervised by our partner but has been brought in house now. So, we would use essentially our capacity for that and we're in good position to do so.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ian Somaiya with Thomas Weisel Partners.
Ian Somaiya - Thomas Weisel Partners: Just another TYSABRI question. And the physicians that you've been able to conform of an alternative there of prescribing out but to reduce their prescribing habits prescription of the drug, are these high volume prescribers, low volume prescribers and do you have a sense of what they need to be more comfortable and going back to prescribing the drug comfortably?
Unidentified Company Representative: Well, as pointed out on the slides in the packet, there isn't a real difference between the high volume and the more moderate volume prescribing physicians. I think that in talking with a lot of the physicians, again its still early. They are interested in the outcome of these cases. They are talking with their patients as well, and they just believe that as those answers become available and as they continue to weigh that against the increased utilization that we're seeing across the world and more patients that are on for longer that that will allow them to reassess their benefit-risk equation.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of William Ho with Bank of America.
William Ho - Bank of America: Hi. Thanks for taking my question and congrats on the strong quarter on revenues. My question is with respect to your cash flow and cash position, even with share buyback it look like you'll have pretty robust cash position this year and next year. What's your strategy going forward and what areas are you considering M&A and what areas will you be focused on?
Paul J. Clancy - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Thanks Will. This is Paul. Yes, I think you are completely accurate. We ended the quarter at over $2 billion. We think we will move north of that in our cash flow on an annual basis largely owing to the great the margin structure of AVONEX and RITUXAN continues to be quite well. I mean as it relates to capital structure, we don't think where we're at now is the optimal capital structure, but I'd like to point out that we don't measure that on a quarterly basis. So, we are, as every company kind of goes through its planning prospects, we are doing that now. We are looking at strategic alternatives with respect to our capital allocation and we think that right now it's probably a good time to kind of be very methodical about that, particularly given kind of devaluations in equity prices around a number of assets. But with that said, nothing is imminent right now. And if we conclude as we have in the past, if we conclude as we have in the past that there is not a strategic purpose for the cash flow, we will figure out a way to return it to shareholders. So, I think, that's kind of how we think about our cash flow and our future planning.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Maged Shinouda with UBS.
Maged Shinouda - UBS: Hi. Thanks for taking my question. Can you just comment on the development of other opportunistic infections other than PML with TYSABRI treatment? Has the profile changed over time?
Cecil B. Pickett, Ph.D - President, Research and Development: As you know... this is Cecil Sandrock. As you know that opportunistic infections are included in the label and at this time we feel that there is no significant change in what we've seen and no need to update our label.
Maged Shinouda - UBS: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jason Zhang with BMO Capital Markets.
Jason Zhang - BMO Capital Markets: Thanks. I have a question again on TYSABRI. You have so far reported PML cases when they appear and I have heard some, I don't know suggestions or rumor that you may decide not to do that because you consider this as a severe adverse event, not different than many other severe adverse events with other drugs. Could you comment on that?
James C. Mullen - President and Chief Executive Officer: Yes, this is Jim. I'll take that. We've reported on PML specifically, and particularly in these last two cases, because they did represent new information and important new information, that is, first time this has been observed in a monotherapy setting and of course its also the first time we are seeing cases since we re-launched of the product. This product, we're evaluating how we do those communications, but fundamentally this is an adverse event that's in the label, its in the Black Box warning. Its sort of time I think to progress to looking at the overall safety and benefits of this product and updating in its entirety as appropriate. So, we are not necessarily going to report every single case as they occur, but only if it really provides substantial new information.
Elizabeth Woo - Vice President, Investor Relations: Operator, we'll take one or two more questions.
Operator: Your next question is a follow-up question from the line of Geoffrey Porges with Bernstein.
Geoffrey Porges - Bernstein: Well, thanks very much taking the follow-up. Just a very quick question. Could you tell us how many patients now have continued beyond two years on TYSABRI?
Elizabeth Woo - Vice President, Investor Relations: 3700.
Unidentified Company Representative: 3700.
Geoffrey Porges - Bernstein: Great. That's very helpful. Thank you.
Elizabeth Woo - Vice President, Investor Relations: Operator, we can take a last question.
Operator: Your final question is a follow-up question from the line of Mark Schoenebaum with Deutsche Bank.
Mark Schoenebaum - Deutsche Bank: Hey thanks for taking the follow-up. I just want to clarify on my last question. You said that there were 215 patient adds I think in August and September. Can you clarify if that's U.S. or worldwide and can you give us July, please?
Unidentified Company Representative: It's worldwide and its weekly. And July was consistent with how we exited Q2.
Mark Schoenebaum - Deutsche Bank: Thank you.
Elizabeth Woo - Vice President, Investor Relations: Thank you everyone for your questions and for participating in today's call.
James C. Mullen - President and Chief Executive Officer: Take care.
Operator: This concludes today's Biogen Idec third quarter 2008 earnings conference call. You may now disconnect. .

===== 2008 Q2  (2008-07-22 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Elizabeth Woo - VP, IR James C. Mullen - President and CEO Bill Sibold - Sr. VP, US Commercial Al Sandrock - Sr. VP, Neurology Research and Development Paul J. Clancy - EVP and CFO
Analysts: Michael Aberman - Credit Suisse Geoffrey Meacham - JPMorgan Yaron Werber - Citigroup Geoffrey Porges - Sanford Bernstein Andrew Berens - Merrill Lynch Jason Zhang - BMO Capital Markets M. Ian Somaiya - Thomas Weisel Partners LLC Mark Schoenebaum - Deutsche Bank William Tanner - Leerink Swann Joel Sendek - Lazard Capital Markets William Ho - Banc of America Securities Eric Schmidt - Cowen and Company Jim Birchenough - Lehman Brothers May-Kin Ho - Goldman Sachs Michael King - Rodman & Renshaw Jason Kantor - RBC Capital Markets Maged Shenouda - UBS Adam Walsh - Jefferies & Company
Operator: Good morning. My name is Kristen and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Q2 Biogen Idec Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions]. Thank you. Ms. Woo, you may begin your conference.
Elizabeth Woo - Vice President, Investor Relations: Thank you. Good morning and welcome to Biogen Idec's earnings conference call for the second quarter 2008. Before we begin, I'd encourage everyone to go to the Investor Relations section of our website, biogenidec.com and print out the press release and related financial tables. These will be particularly useful when our CFO, Paul Clancy reviews the financial results and the reconciliation to non-GAAP financial measures discussed today. We have also posted slides on our website that outline the topics discussed on today's call. Let me start with the Safe Harbor statement. Comments made in this conference call include forward-looking statements about the company's expectations regarding future financial results, including our 2008 financial guidance, our longer term operational and financial goals and the sales potential of TYSABRI and other products and pipeline advancements. Such statements are subject to risks and uncertainties which could cause actual results to differ materially from expectations. In particular, careful consideration should be given to the risks and uncertainties that are described in our earnings release and in Item 1.A. of the company's report on Form 10-K and 10-Q and in other reports Biogen Idec filed with the SEC. The company does not undertake any obligation to publicly update any forward-looking statements. Today on the call, I am joined by Jim Mullen, CEO of Biogen Idec; Bill Sibold Senior Vice President, U.S. Neurology Business Unit; Dr. Al Sandrock, Senior Vice President, Neurology Research and Development and Paul Clancy, CFO and Executive Vice President Finance. Now I'll turn the call over to Jim Mullen.
James C. Mullen - President and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you, Elizabeth. Good morning everybody and thank you for joining us. Biogen Idec delivered record revenues and profits in the second quarter. This is the third consecutive quarter in which we've grown revenues by more than 25% year-over-year, and as you will see from the Q2 financial results, were an extremely strong growth cycle. Year-over-year revenues grew 28% and earnings grew 30% in the quarter, driven by continued TYSABRI penetration and strong sales from our core products, AVONEX and RITUXAN. Between AVONEX and TYSABRI, our MS franchise continues to expand. We saw an acceleration of TYSABRI patient adds as physicians grow more comfortable with the safety profile. As we described last September, the ex-U.S. business will continue... will grow faster than the U.S. and we expect international to contribute about 60% towards the TYSABRI 100,000 patient goal. More than half of the 5700 new patients in Q2 were in international markets. TYSABRI was launched in Crohn's indication at the end of the first quarter 2008. Q2 activities focused on educating healthcare professionals about the operation of the CD TOUCH Prescribing Program. A little over 100 Crohn's patients were on therapy at the end of the second quarter. Elan will provide more color on our upcoming call later this week. We are making great strides towards our goal of 100,000 patients by year-end 2010. We expect TYSABRI to exit 2008 at over a $1 billion dollar run rate of in market revenues. In this month, we celebrate TYSABRI's two year anniversary since the relaunch and we feel this is a very, very important milestone. At the end of June, there were 31,800 patients being treated with TYSABRI around the world. Nearly 140,000 have received TYSABRI for 12 months and about 6600 patients have been on therapy for 18 months or longer. Bill Sibold, the Senior Vice President, U.S. Neurology, will take you through an update of the MS franchise in a few minutes. Then I would like to make a few comments about our pipeline. We are moving our pipeline programs forward. We have initiated several first in human trials this quarter and have a number of important data readouts and late stage programs over the coming months. Baminercept Phase 2b in RA, Hsp90i in GI stromal tumors, Factor IX hemophilia, BIIB14 in Parkinson's disease and RITUXAN in CLL. With 15 products in Phase 2 and beyond, our pipeline is advancing. Clinical trial activity continues to ramp up significantly this year. Significant R&D investment, both organically and via business development, has yielded a robust pipeline with half a dozen novel compounds currently in late stage trials. ADENTRI will start a Phase 3 trial in this quarter in acute decompensated heart failure and renal insufficiency. Over the coming quarters, the conversation will increasingly turn to pipeline progress and data. We think the breadth and maturity of our pipeline positions us to continue our growth through the next decade. Dr. Al Sandrock will review the pipeline accomplishments and upcoming milestones in his comments. I'll conclude my introduction by saying our prospects for growth remain strong. TYSABRI sales nearly tripled compared to the same period last year. Our core products continue to grow. Our pipeline is overflowing and our revenues have grown more than 25% year-over-year for three consecutive quarters. Given the strong momentum underway, we have raised our full year guidance and we are setting an aspirational goal of generating a record $4 billion in revenues this year. CFO Paul Clancy will take you through the financial and updated guidance in detail. I will now turn the call over to Bill Sibold, the Head of U.S. Neurology business. Bill?
Bill Sibold - Senior Vice President, US Commercial: Thanks Jim. I am pleased to report that in Q2, we continued the momentum established in 2007 and Q1 2008. Biogen Idec's leading global MS franchise continues to grow everyday. No one is doing more for MS than Biogen Idec. We have the number one prescribed MS therapy today, AVONEX; we have the product that has established a new level of efficacy, TYSABRI and we have the best and broadest pipeline of MS products for the future. Turning to Q2 results. Global neurology revenue increased by 32% versus the prior year to $674 million. Our global franchise market share continues to grow. In the U.S. it is now at its highest level since 2005 and it is at its highest level since 2000 outside the U.S. We expect this trend to continue in step with TYSABRI's growth. AVONEX remains the product to start with and TYSABRI for those patients needing more efficacy. With their clear positioning and strong product profiles, the bulk of relapsing-remitting MS patients are candidates for either AVONEX or TYSABRI. As our pipeline matures, we will have new options for additional patients in need. AVONEX' global revenue in Q2 was $527 million, up 14% year-over-year. U.S. AVONEX revenue was up 13% year-over-year and international AVONEX revenue was up 15% year-over-year. With over 135,000 patients on therapy worldwide and over 1 million patient years of experience, AVONEX remains the foundation of our global MS business. After 11 years on the market, AVONEX remains the only once-weekly product and is the only product indicated to both slow the accumulation of physical disability and be effective for patients who have experienced a first clinical episode and have MRI features consistent with MS. Perhaps this is why AVONEX is the treatment most associated with patients in the early stages of disease and with those patients who lead an active daily lifestyle and why it is the number one MS therapy in the world. AVONEX disrupts the disease, not patients' lives. Now TYSABRI. TYSABRI continues to build momentum and is now on an $800 million run rate with in market revenue of $200 million in Q2. This represents 25% growth over Q1 and an almost three-fold increase over the prior year. Last week we celebrated yet another significant milestone for TYSABRI: its two year anniversary. Of course, the real celebration is for the many patients that have benefited from TYSABRI. Each day, we continue to hear from patients and their physicians about the compelling results that have been achieved. It is clear that this breakthrough therapy has given new hope and a new option for many patients that suffer from this serious debilitating disease. A few commercial highlights. Worldwide, TYSABRI continues to be considered the most effective MS therapy by neurologists with more than 9 out of 10 physicians in the U.S. stating this. Positive switching trends continue. In the U.S., TYSABRI is the most switched to therapy for efficacy and COPAXONE, which is everyday injection, remains the largest single source of TYSABRI patients. About 80% of patients in the U.S. and nearly 90% of patients internationally are new to the Biogen Idec franchise. And physicians are switching patients to TYSABRI earlier. This growing comfort and acceptance of TYSABRI's benefit risk profile is evidenced by our updated utilization numbers. As of the end of June, there were more than 31,800 patients on TYSABRI worldwide in the commercial and clinical trial phase. There were more than 17,800 TYSABRI patients in the U.S. and more than 3100 prescribing physicians. Internationally, there were nearly 13,400 patients on therapy in the 35 countries in which TYSABRI is approved. There have now been nearly 13,900 patients on therapy for over one year and approximately 6600 on therapy for more than 18 months. Throughout the year, the number of patients on therapy for two years is expected to increase rapidly. Additionally, since the last call, TYSABRI was added to the VA formulary for use by neurologists and other prescribers who treat multiple sclerosis. There are five European countries in which TYSABRI has over 10% market share. And the TOUCH online rollout has continued to be very well received in the US. Because of the substantial service benefits to our prescribers and infusion sites, the majority of the ongoing infusion paperwork is now submitted via TOUCH online. We believe TYSABRI will continue to build momentum throughout the remainder of 2008. We had a strong Q2. Q3 has started with another significant milestone, the two year anniversary and updated utilization numbers. Physicians will be hearing about these numbers frequently in the coming days and weeks. Throughout the remainder of the year, the number of patients with over two years on therapy is expected to grow rapidly. We remain confident that TYSABRI will achieve the previously stated goal of 100,000 patients on therapy and become the leading MS therapy in the world. In conclusion, with the number one prescribed MS therapy today in AVONEX, a product that has established a new level of efficacy, TYSABRI and the best and broadest pipeline of MS products for the future, Biogen Idec is the leader in multiple sclerosis. Our goal remains to provide products and services for MS patients from diagnosis to disease resolution. We are extremely pleased with the results of the second quarter and optimistic about the rest of the year and the future. I will now hand the call to Dr. Al Sandrock, Senior Vice President, Neurology R&D.
Al Sandrock - Senior Vice President, Neurology Research and Development: Thank you, Bill. Today, I will report on accomplishments in the quarter and we will also mention some upcoming data readouts with some focus on the neurology pipeline that is my responsibility. We continue to make good progress on advancing and developing our late stage clinical pipeline. We are actively enrolling patients into the four ongoing registrational trials of BG-12 in multiple sclerosis, Lumiliximab in chronic lymphocytic leukemia, Galiximab in non-Hodgkin's lymphoma and Lixivaptan in hyponatremia. In addition, we expect to initiate a Phase 3 trial of ADENTRI in acute decompensated congestive heart failure within a few months. With respect to our early stage development pipeline, we have achieved first patient enrolled in a Phase 1/2 trial of FactorIX in Hemophilia B as well as a Phase 1 trial of toxin conjugated antibody against Cripto in solid tumors. And any day now, we will be enrolling our first patient in a Phase 1 trial of TYSABRI in multiple myeloma, demonstrating our commitment to this molecule. Regarding TYSABRI, as you know, we just celebrated the two year anniversary of the relaunch of TYSABRI in the United States and the initial launch internationally. And as you have heard, we have not seen a single confirmed case of PML in these two years. Nevertheless, should a case of PML occur in a TYSABRI treated patient, we can now offer physicians several complementary methods to help the patient. For example, in April, at the American Academy of Neurology meeting, we showed that plasma exchange can rapidly restore the ability of peripheral blood leukocytes to migrate to extra-cell matrix [ph]. And we recently initiated a clinical trial, testing the effect of an approved anti-malarial drug called Mefloquine in HIV patients with PML. Mefloquine was chosen because it has shown excellent anti-viral activity in an in-vitro assay of JC virus infectivity and because it has high central nervous system penetrant. One final word about TYSABRI. When I go out and talk to my colleagues who treat MS patients, I frequently hear about the remarkable benefits that TYSABRI offers to their patients. For this reason, we are in the early stages of planning a landmark study that more fully evaluates the efficacy of this remarkable drug in multiple sclerosis. I'd like to take this opportunity to highlight some additional accomplishments in the neurology pipeline. We recently transitioned a humanized antibody to Lingo into preclinical development, putting us on track to go into the clinic with this drug towards the end of next year. This heralds a new era in MS therapeutics as this would be the first drug to our knowledge that is specifically designed to repair the damage in the central nervous system caused by multiple sclerosis. We have had multiple abstracts accepted for presentation at the World Congress on Treatment and Research in MS in Montreal in late September. We will present six studies with AVONEX including studies evaluating the long-term 15 year efficacy of the drug as well as the benefits of AVONEX on quality of life. We will also present six studies on the safety and efficacy of TYSABRI including one study showing the effect of the drug on the proportion of disease-free patients and another study showing the effect of the drug on sustained improvement in disability progression. Finally, we have two abstracts on BG-12, our oral drug for MS that's currently in Phase 3, including one study showing the effect of the drug on the conversion of gadolinium-enhancing lesions into T1 holes; thus, evaluating the potential role of BG-12 in neuroprotection. I'll end by reminding you about the data readouts that are anticipated for the remainder of this year. We expect to see data from a Phase 2b trial of baminercept in rheumatoid arthritis, a Phase 2a trail of our adenosine A2A antagonist for Parkinson's disease, a Phase 1/2 trail of the long acting Factor IX in Hemophilia B and a Phase 2 trail of our Hsp90 inhibitor in GI stromal tumors. In conclusion, 2008 continues to be a very active year in research and development. We are as eager as you are to monitor the progress of these programs. With that, I'll hand the call over to Paul Clancy, our Chief Financial Officer.
Paul J. Clancy - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Thanks Al. We delivered other strong quarter of financial results. In Q2, we achieved 28% top line growth with strong performance from all products and geographies and over 30% growth in earnings on a year-over-year basis. The GAAP financials are provided in tables one and two of the earnings release. Table three includes a reconciliation of the GAAP to non-GAAP financial results and future guidance. Our website also contains a reconciliation. The primary differences between our GAAP and non-GAAP results for the quarter were $73 million related to the amortization of intangible assets, $5 million related to pre-tax employee stock option expense and $16 million tax impact for these items. Now I'll move on to the non-GAAP P&L operating performance of Biogen Idec. We believe it's important to share this non-GAAP P&L with shareholders since it better represents the ongoing economics of the business and reflects how we manage the business internally and set operational goals. In Q2, we delivered $0.70 a share as diluted EPS on the GAAP P&L and as after the adjustment shown on table three, our non-GAAP diluted EPS was $0.91 a share, which represents a 30% growth versus prior year. Now let's move through the second quarter non-GAAP P&L results in a bit more detail. Q2 total revenues were $993 million, representing an impressive 28% growth over the same period last year. Key drivers included the continued growth of AVONEX business, the increasing adoption of TYSABRI and the growth of the RITUXAN franchise in the U.S. and overseas. Going through our product revenues, I'll begin with AVONEX. Q2 AVONEX worldwide product revenue were $527 million, representing a 14% increase over the same period last year. Q2 U.S. AVONEX product sales were $306 million, representing an increase of 13% on a year-over-year basis, benefiting from price increases. Inventory ended at just over two weeks in the second quarter, unchanged from Q1. On a sequential quarter basis, AVONEX U.S. revenues and units sold were essentially flat. And over the last four quarters, AVONEX units sold in the U.S. had stabilized as our sales and marketing efforts have taken hold. Q2 international AVONEX product sales were $221 million, representing an increase of 15% on a year-over-year basis. Approximately 9% of this increase in international AVONEX sales was driven by favorable foreign exchange. While we had a strong quarter when comparing year-over-year results, there was a very modest sequential quarter decrease of 3% for international AVONEX revenues. This was primarily due to a decrease in the German market, attributable to wholesale or forward buying in the first quarter in advance of an April 1st price increase and seasonal buying patterns by our distributors, specifically lower tender business in the Middle East. Overall, the AVONEX international business from a unit perspective is growing in the high single digits when comparing the first half of 2008 to the first half of 2007. Q2 TYSABRI worldwide Biogen Idec product revenues increased to $147 million. As Bill highlighted, TYSABRI continues to make strong progress. U.S. end user TYSABRI sales totaled $99 million, which represents a 15% quarter-over-quarter increase. Biogen Idec booked $46 million of this amount. International end user TYSABRI sales totaled $101 million, a 37% increase from the prior quarter. In line with patient numbers, units sold in the U.S. exceeded the international market. However, revenues from the international market exceeded the U.S. due to higher pricing, owing to favorable foreign exchange. Second quarter FUMADERM revenue was $10 million. Now moving on to the RITUXAN collaboration revenues, which we refer to as revenue from unconsolidated joint business. We recorded $279 million in revenue for the quarter, representing an increase of 21% on a year-over-year basis. This number has three elements. First, we will receive our share of the U.S. RITUXAN profits. As reported by our partner, Genentech, U.S. RITUXAN sales were $651 million in the second quarter and our second quarter profit share from that business was $178 million, up 16% versus prior year. Second, we received royalty revenue on sales of rituximab outside the U.S. And in Q2, this was $85 million, up 37% versus prior year due to foreign exchange and strong MabThera revenue growth. Third, we were reimbursed $16 million for selling and development costs incurred related to RITUXAN. Second quarter royalties were $28 million for the quarter. Now turning to the expense lines on the P&L, which include the non-GAAP adjustments that I described earlier. Second quarter cost of goods sold was $92 million, which represents approximately 9% of revenues. During the middle of the second quarter, a third party royalty we pay mainly on AVONEX U.S sales expired. This should have a modest benefit to our COGS moving forward. Second quarter R&D expenses were $249 million, which is approximately 25% of revenues and a 16% year-over-year increase. Increase in our R&D spend were driven by the continued advancement of the pipeline. We plan to have close to half a dozen programs in registrational trials in the second half of 2008 including BG-12, Lixivaptan, Galiximab, Lumiliximab and ADENTRI. Second quarter SG&A expenses were $242 million. This represents 24% of revenues and a 22% year-over-year increase. Drivers of the year-over-year increase in absolute dollars include investments to support TYSABRI and AVONEX growth as well as unfavorable foreign currency exchange. Additionally, the second quarter G&A expenses included direct proxy-related expenses of approximately $10 million. Continuing down the P&L, our collaboration profit sharing line totaled $33 million in expense for the quarter. As a reminder, this represents Biogen Idec's payment of 50% of profits outside the U.S to Elan and the reimbursement of third party royalties incurred by Elan outside the U.S. We expect this number to continue to grow in the coming quarters, reflecting the growth of our international TYSABRI business. Second quarter other income and expenses was a $7 million loss. Interest expense and interest income roughly offset each other. At the end of the second quarter, we have approximately $1.6 billion of cash and marketable securities and we now have $1 billion of long-term debt. Also in the second quarter, we recognized losses on sales and impairments of investments of approximately $6 million. Year-to-date, we have repurchased 9 million shares, of which 5 million shares were repurchased in the second quarter. Q2 tax rate on a non-GAAP basis was approximately 27%, which is slightly lower than our expected full year tax rate. Year-to-date, the tax rate was approximately 28%. The effective tax rate in Q2 was favorably impacted by a discrete one-time benefit. This discrete one-time benefit was due to restructuring of our operations in foreign jurisdictions in the second quarter. We expect our 2008 effective tax rate to be in the 28% to 30% range, which is higher than the second quarter rate. This brings us to our second quarter non-GAAP diluted earnings per share of $0.91, representing a 30% increase over the same period last year. Now I'd like to conclude by discussing our updated 2008 guidance. Given our strong Q2 performance, we are raising our 2008 financial guidance. We expect full year annual revenue to grow in the mid 20% range over 2007, driven in large part by TYSABRI and favorable foreign exchange. We expect operating margin leverage to be similar to previous guidance and both non-GAAP and GAAP R&D, SG&A expenses for the year to be approximately $2 billion. I have excluded our collaboration profit sharing line from our $2 billion expense guidance for 2008. I should note, though, that we do expect this line to grow each quarter, reflecting the uptake in increasing profitability of the international TYSABRI business. Our non-GAAP tax rate is expected to be between 28% and 30% while our GAAP tax rate is expected to be between 31% and 33%. This includes an assumption that the R&D tax credit legislation will be renewed late in the year. This would result in different tax rates for the next two quarters. Non-GAAP diluted earnings per share is expected to be at or above $3.50, which represents a 28% year-over-year growth rate. This excludes the potential impact of new business development activities for the balance of the year. GAAP EPS is expected to be at or above $2.51. So, in summary, a very strong second quarter. Our top line growth was strong at 28%, driven by all of our products. We continue to progress and invest in our pipeline and at the bottom line, we delivered 30% non-GAAP and GAAP EPS growth. Now I'll hand the call over to Jim for his closing comments.
James C. Mullen - President and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you, Paul. In summary, we're extremely pleased with the financial performance for the first half of 2008. We believe that the strong fundamentals of the business across all products and geographies will continue to deliver robust results and create significant value for our shareholders. Given the strong momentum underway, the key data readouts expected this year, the prospects for the company have never been better. We made significant progress this year towards our 2010 goals, both financially and operationally and we remain confident that we will achieve our goal of 15% top line, 20% bottom line compound annual growth rate as well as make strides towards our mission of bringing more meaningful therapies to patients in needs. With that, Elizabeth, let's open it up for Q&A.
Elizabeth Woo - Vice President, Investor Relations: Thanks Jim. So Kristen, we are ready now to open up the call for Q&A and we'd ask the participants on the call to limit yourself to one question and then re-enter the queue for follow-up questions to allow all your colleagues to get their questions in. And please state your name and company affiliation. So operator, we can now take the first question. Question And Answer
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Your first question is from Michael Aberman with Credit Suisse.
Michael Aberman - Credit Suisse: Fantastic. Thanks guys for taking the question. I am wondering if you could give me a little... a more detailed update on your pipeline, in particular late stage programs, Lixivaptan, BG-12, the other compound in terms of enrollment and goals on that end in terms of completion et cetera.
James C. Mullen - President and Chief Executive Officer: Do you want to take that?
Elizabeth Woo - Vice President, Investor Relations: Mike, yes. Those trials are enrolling, enrolling well, but we really don't project out publicly kind of the completion time. But they are enrolling very well.
Michael Aberman - Credit Suisse: Since there is no question to add, I'll just ask you to update where you are on the share buyback program. And I will get back in the queue.
Paul J. Clancy - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Yes, we have authorized from... the last organization from the Board was a 20 million share buyback program. We, through the six months of this year, have bought back 9 million shares, 5 million in the second quarter, first 4 million in the first quarter. And our objectives at this point are to kind of use that for share stabilization purposes. And our anticipation for the balance of the year is that we're probably set with respect to share stabilization.
Michael Aberman - Credit Suisse: Thanks.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Geoffrey Meacham with JPMorgan.
Geoffrey Meacham - JPMorgan: Hi guys and congrats on a good quarter. Question for you on slide 10, the U.S. source of patients for TYSABRI. When I look at this and compare it to last quarter's, the number of switchers, the percent of switchers from BETASERON, COPAXONE and REBIF has gone up; it's 52% now, it was 45% last quarter. Can you give us some color on that? Are you seeing an acceleration of switchers? Is this also reflective of the sequential acceleration that you see in new starts in TYSABRI? Thanks.
Bill Sibold - Senior Vice President, US Commercial: Yes, this is Bill. We are seeing, as we would expect to see, more of the patients for TYSABRI coming from the switching population and we know the efficacy of the current ABCR therapy. We know that in time patients will be in need of more efficacy and we see that they are switching to TYSABRI now and would expect that trend to continue in the future.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Yaron Werber with Citi.
Yaron Werber - Citigroup: Yes, hi. I have a question about the Crohn's market. You mentioned there's about 100 patients so far on drug. Can you give us... which, by our estimate may be 6% penetration into [ph] TNF inadequately treated patients. Does that jive with your model and can you give us a sense as to how quickly can this ramp or maybe give us a sense as to whether that's really 6% or, numbers wise, how many millions in sales were in Crohn's? Thank you.
James C. Mullen - President and Chief Executive Officer: Yes, this is Jim. I guess the way I would characterize it right now is we are not much like the early days, the early months of the launch with... in the MS marketplace. The focus in the first quarter or six months of this is all about making sure everything in the system works, educating all the gastroenterologists on what the TOUCH program is, making sure they have access to fusion centers that have been trained et cetera. And so a lot of that is just getting the logistics in place. So I don't think we're overly... I know we're not overly focused at this point on exactly what the trends look like. I think as we look through the back half of the year, we'll be getting increasingly more focused on where those sales coming from and how they look and how is this product shaping up in the minds... in actual use in that area of sort of TNF inadequate responders. So we really haven't tried to go back to the models. The folks at Elan do have the sales force in the field. They probably will have a little bit better touch and feel, so I'll probably leave more detail in that answer to Elan. And I believe their call is on Thursday morning.
Operator: Your next question is from Geoffrey Porges with Sanford Bernstein.
Geoffrey Porges - Sanford Bernstein: Thanks very much for taking the question and congrats on the quarter. Al, nice to hear you on the call. Wondering if you would give us information about... you mentioned the zero cases of PML, and that's obviously important. But could you tell anything else about other opportunistic or atypical infections that you have seen in TYSABRI patients, particularly in the context of what we are seeing now emerging for RITUXAN. Could you sort of compare that to that experience? Thanks.
Al Sandrock - Senior Vice President, Neurology Research and Development: Well, as you know, we have a very comprehensive risk management program and we have a study called TYGRIS for example that has... that will enrolled about 5000 patients and look at any other infections that may come up. And I can tell you so far, we've seen no reason to update our label, that we're seeing exactly what we've seen in the clinical trials and our experience up to date.
Geoffrey Porges - Sanford Bernstein: And compared to RITUXAN?
Al Sandrock - Senior Vice President, Neurology Research and Development: Pardon me?
Geoffrey Porges - Sanford Bernstein: Could you compare it to RITUXAN given your experience there as well?
Al Sandrock - Senior Vice President, Neurology Research and Development: Compare TYSABRI to RITUXAN?
Geoffrey Porges - Sanford Bernstein: In terms of the propensity to cause opportunistic infection.
Al Sandrock - Senior Vice President, Neurology Research and Development: I think that will be a really difficult comparison to make.
Geoffrey Porges - Sanford Bernstein: Thanks.
Operator: Your next question is from Andrew Berens with Merrill Lynch.
Andrew Berens - Merrill Lynch: Thanks. Congratulation guys. I know you said you didn't want to talk a lot about the Crohn's market, but I was just wondering, is your sense that these patients, if they end up having surgery, are they going to be maintained on TYSABRI after the surgery?
James C. Mullen - President and Chief Executive Officer: I think we have insufficient insight into that to really answer that. I would really defer that one to Elan at this stage. I mean we have so little experience at this stage of the launch in the marketplace. I think it's too early to call that.
Andrew Berens - Merrill Lynch: Okay. All right, we'll stay tuned then. Thanks.
Operator: Your next question is from Jason Zhang with BMO Capital Markets.
Jason Zhang - BMO Capital Markets: Thanks. My question is about the MS... I guess MS portfolio [ph] management. How then do you decide which drug to go forward, particularly when several of them are going to move into late stage development?
James C. Mullen - President and Chief Executive Officer: Well we have some very well defined go, no-go criteria. We look for drugs that are complementary to each other. As you know, there are multiple types of MS, perhaps up to four different types. So a particular patient may respond better to one drug versus another. In addition, as patients move from relapsing to progressive forms of MS, their biology changes, so their requirements for drugs change. So we think that... so we think there is plenty of room for more drugs. And as I said, Lingo is a completely new approach. It would repair the central nervous system and nobody has even taken that approach. So I think let's look at the data. We have some very well defined go, no-go criteria and we'll move the ones that make sense forward to Phase 3.
Jason Zhang - BMO Capital Markets: Thanks.
Operator: Your next question is from Ian Somaiya with Thomas Weisel Partners.
M. Ian Somaiya - Thomas Weisel Partners LLC: Thanks for taking my question. So just on the source of patients for TYSABRI, you mentioned that 52% are coming from COPAXONE, REBIF and BETASERON, the combination of those three. Can you give us something more... more recent evolving trends in terms of where the incremental growth is coming from? Is it still COPAXONE or are we seeing a greater proportion of patients switching form REBIF and BETASERON?
Bill Sibold - Senior Vice President, US Commercial: Well we continue to see that COPAXONE is the number one switch from product. And I'll also just highlight that this is U.S. data. The high dose category is continuing to also have switches from it, and we'd expect that in the future as well.
M. Ian Somaiya - Thomas Weisel Partners LLC: Any sort of changes in new patients coming from REBIF or BETASERON?
Bill Sibold - Senior Vice President, US Commercial: No, nothing really significant. It's just... it's a mixture of the products with COPAXONE being the leading and the others contributing about the same amount.
M. Ian Somaiya - Thomas Weisel Partners LLC: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question is from Mark Schoenebaum with Deutsche Bank.
Mark Schoenebaum - Deutsche Bank: Hi, thanks for taking my question, I appreciate it. Well done on the TYSABRI relaunch two years later. I had sort of a bigger picture question maybe for Jim. There's been a lot of discussion in biotech recently around what the right level of R&D spending is. I think Gilead has talked about taking their level of 12 higher, but nobody seems to know where. They cited in this industry average of 17%; you are at 25%, I think at the industry high right now. Amgen's closer to 20% et cetera. Can you...I know you are not prepared to give long-term guidance on R&D spending, but can you jut speak about what... how you guys think about budgeting R&D and where you think the ideal level of spend is as it relates to percent of revenue over time?
James C. Mullen - President and Chief Executive Officer: Boy, good question Mark. And the short answer I don't know that anybody has the precise answer to that question. I think it will... you are going to find that it's probably a little circumstantial to each company's situation. Clearly, coming out of the merger of the two companies, we had a view that while we had some great prospects for near and medium-term growth from the compounds we had in our hands, that we really needed to be more aggressive on the R&D front to continue to fill the pipeline. And I think that thesis has flowed through. But I have also said that we are going to bring this R&D as a percentage of revenue down from the 30% into the mid 20s and down. My guess is somewhere in that plus or minus... 20 plus or minus is probably the range that will be sustainable and be able to drive continued growth for companies as well as an attractive operating margin. From our vantage point, now, I think we just look at it as we have looked at the investment, the bulk of our R&D investment. And certainly, the bulk of the growth this year and next year will be related to driving late, late stage clinical trials, so Phase 3 trials. And that's with... on top of lots of information and we think that's probably a good investment when you really have gotten past proof of concept to continue to drive those through. It will be interesting because everybody has got a view on what the right R&D level is. It's always easy to judge it about five years after the event and decide whether you have good results from it or not. Right now, we feel pretty good about our ability to both balance the R&D investment. I am excited... very excited about some of the new things we see coming out of R&D. I love the late stage pipeline. We've got a lot of shots on goal. So I think we've got very solid reasons for investing at the levels and we are still able to make very attractive operating margins and EPS growth. So that's the balance that we're trying to operate in over the next the number of years. I know that's not a super specific answer, but that's a little bit how we think about it, Mark.
Mark Schoenebaum - Deutsche Bank: So R&D coming down and any commentary on SG&A trends over time?
James C. Mullen - President and Chief Executive Officer: Well SG&A trends, so back out the profit share, the payment that goes back to Elan. SG&A trends, I think you'll see come down because we're fully invested pretty much behind the AVONEX and TYSABRI. Aside from the currency exchange and maybe some discrete investments we'll want to make in reaction to market trends there, those numbers aren't not going to move around a huge amount in terms of an absolute sense. So we're going to get leverage as we see more TYSABRI sales come through. As Paul said, we did have a bump of 10 plus million... 10 or so million in proxy expense in Q2. I would hope that that's not an ongoing spend. I said that a little time and cheek [ph], you couldn't see that guys. But we are not going to... obviously, he wants to do that in Q3 and Q4. So that will step down and we'll continue to put pressure on the... particularly the G&A side. On the sales and marketing side, we continue to expand some of the geographies. So we have a few businesses that will be in the build mode like Argentina for example next year and India and China. But those are relatively small numbers in the big scheme of things.
Mark Schoenebaum - Deutsche Bank: Thanks. I really appreciate it. That's helpful.
Operator: Your next question is from Bill Tanner with Leerink Swann.
William Tanner - Leerink Swann: Thank you for taking the question. Jim, maybe a question for you on the Genentech RITUXAN... I mean, excuse me, Genentech Roche. Can you remind us what the disposition of RITUXAN would be on an acquisition of Genentech? And then what kind of opportunities or challenges does that create for the company?
James C. Mullen - President and Chief Executive Officer: Yes, certainly, when I got to my desk yesterday morning at about 7, things changed as I started to read what was going over the Wire and started to think about what does that mean. So it's a great question and a timely question, Bill. Yes, specifically with respect to the contract, there is... the change in control with respect to RITUXAN or the CD-20 products and us is unilateral. There is no... we don't have any additional rights and as a practical matter, Genentech [ph] already owns a controlling interest. So even if you use some of the old standard definitions, it wouldn't apply anyway. So there is no change from a contractual point of view. Now, what does it mean going forward? I think we don't really have a viewpoint on it yet, because I think we'd like to first see how... what happens. Does this transaction actually close. And we don't have any more insight into the likelihood that it will close at the offered price or some change to the offer price than you folks do. And I don't know much more than I can read in a Roche press release. I don't know any more than I can read in a Roche press release in terms of how they plan to execute on things. What it does mean is probably in some respects, there's a simplifying assumption in that there is not three players trying to help make decisions, and this is really two in terms of Genentech Roche in one respect and us on the other side. So I think it remains to be seen exactly what that means. But we are going to watch it carefully. I don't know that I can tell you a lot more than that, Bill.
William Tanner - Leerink Swann: So I mean, does that tend to suggest that Biogen would... Idec could still participate going forward even after an acquisition of Genentech?
James C. Mullen - President and Chief Executive Officer: Yes, I don't see any reason why our contract is still not good and in force as it always has been.
William Tanner - Leerink Swann: Okay.
James C. Mullen - President and Chief Executive Officer: So we would have participation in the CD-20 compound.
William Tanner - Leerink Swann: All right. Thanks very much.
James C. Mullen - President and Chief Executive Officer: Yes. In unchanged economics.
William Tanner - Leerink Swann: Understood.
Operator: Your next question is from Joel Sendek with Lazard Capital Markets.
Joel Sendek - Lazard Capital Markets: Thanks. This is the first quarter where TYSABRI ex-U.S. product sales exceed U.S. sales. And given the number of patients is greater and the exchange rate if that continues, should we be modeling out longer term the ex-U.S. TYSABRI product sales to be significantly larger over time ex-U.S.?
Paul J. Clancy - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Well I think the dynamic is exactly what you said, Joel. When we brought the products and reintroduced it in the United States and brought it to market rest of world, we brought it with relatively the same price to market. And what has changed is the dynamic in terms of foreign exchange. So that is exactly kind of a little bit the dynamic that's going on in terms of the rest of world TYSABRI sales being greater than the U.S. sales despite the units and patient numbers kind of being slightly different than that. But I would tie you back [ph] to kind of what we've said for a number of quarters now, which is we do see TYSABRI over the longer haul, 60% of our goal of the 100,000 patients, or pick whatever number you progress the TYSABRI curve towards, that 60% of those patients come from outside the United States. Over the last three or four quarters, the number of MS patients on therapy outside the United States has eclipsed inside the United States. So it's still I think something... it's a dynamic that the investment community is kind of still catching up to that we find to be critically important to our business strategy is the importance of the rest of world sales, the importance of that MS business that we have outside the United States.
Joel Sendek - Lazard Capital Markets: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of William Ho with Banc of America Securities.
William Ho - Banc of America Securities: Hey guys, congratulations on the great quarter. Just a quick question on AVONEX. In the U.S., you have been able to support sales with price increase. Can you give us any more color about what's happening in the EU and other outside of U.S. markets? And then also as a follow up, can you tell me if you've seen any trends and additional switching since the failure of the high dose COPAXONE trial? Thanks.
James C. Mullen - President and Chief Executive Officer: Paul, you want to take the first part, and you want to take the second part --
Paul J. Clancy - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Yes, as it relates to kind of... the best way... I tried to give a little bit more color on my talk in terms of unit trends. That's probably the best way to strip apart I think what you're really getting after, Will. In the U.S., we have characterized our objective in the business is to try to keep some buoyancy on the revenue line. We have over the last year or two had down years in terms of units. The last four quarters, I pointed out, in the United states have been relatively flat plus or minus a million or plus or minus a very small percentage of units. So we've actually experienced kind of a flattening out in the United States with respect to units. And as a result, the P&L has benefited from the price increases. Outside the United States, our first half 2008 units advanced double... I am sorry, high single-digit percentage versus first half 2007, roughly in line, roughly in line with the market growth. So the markets outside the United States is probably growing low single digits. And I think that's kind of the P&L formula that we see over the foreseeable future.
Unidentified Company Representative: And as far as the failure of the COPAXONE double dose trial, still early to tell what the impact of that is. However, from our perspective, it's another trial which shows that there seems to be no benefit from increased dose of one of the ABCR therapies.
William Ho - Banc of America Securities: Okay. Thanks. Congrats again.
Operator: Your next question is from Eric Schmidt with Cowen and Company.
Eric Schmidt - Cowen and Company: Good morning. A question for Al Sandrock on MS trial design. We've seen from some of the recent trails in this space that the control group performance has improved. And I am wondering if you still believe the BG-12 design and statistical power are adequate. And secondly, I know that Elizabeth said that enrollment was on track. But we have heard specifically that enrolling patients in placebo controlled MS studies has also gotten more difficult. So maybe you could maybe just educate us on whether you think that's the case as well. Thanks.
Al Sandrock - Senior Vice President, Neurology Research and Development: That's a very perceptive question, Eric. It's true that the annualized relapse rates certainly have decreased over time over the years. We are tracking that very, very carefully in the BG-12 trial. We look at the full relapsed rate. And so far, we think the trial is adequately powered. But we are going to keep a very close eye on that and we have contingency plans for that. And with respect to placebo controlled trials, there was a paper that just came out in the Annals of Neurology based up on a international panel that stated that placebo controlled trials in MS are still ethical under certain conditions. And our trial closely matches those conditions that are written in that paper and for that reason, we are enrolling patients on track. And there are other additional designs for MS trials that are on the... that we are considering. And certainly, there is always the chance to do superiority trials against ABCR therapy. So I don't think that... I think it is getting more difficult to do MS trials, but there are ways of dealing with these difficulties.
Eric Schmidt - Cowen and Company: Thanks a lot.
Operator: Your next question is from Jim Burgenol with Lehman Brothers.
Jim Birchenough - Lehman Brothers: Hi guys. I just had a question on the adjudication of suspected PML cases. And just wondering if you can maybe give us a bit more detail on the number of suspected cases you are seeing. Whether as physicians get more comfortable with the drug, they are less apt to report MS worsening as a suspected PML case and whether plasmapheresis is recommended for just confirmed cases or if you are seeing it used when physicians suspect the case?
James C. Mullen - President and Chief Executive Officer: There is a lot of questions there. I guess I will take that Jim. So in terms of adjudication, we don't have an adjudication committee. So each neurologist takes care of their patient as they see fit. We believe that our risk management program is working and working well. And as you know, it calls for increased vigilance for PML. And for that reason, there are cases of suspected PML that are worked up appropriately. And the key thing, though, is that we have had no confirmed cases in these two years since the relaunch. People have used plasma exchange on occasion and... for suspected cases of PML and on occasion, patients go back on TYSABRI and again, no confirmed cases. I think... I hope that answers most of your questions.
Jim Birchenough - Lehman Brothers: Jim,I guess just the follow up is as physicians get more comfortable with the overall safety profile, are you seeing less of a tendency to react to MS worsening as a suspected case is less of a fast trigger kind of approach?
James C. Mullen - President and Chief Executive Officer: I think physicians are maintaining their vigilance with PML as called for by their risk management plan.
Jim Birchenough - Lehman Brothers: Great. Thanks for taking the question.
Elizabeth Woo - Vice President, Investor Relations: Jim, just to add, the confirmation diagnosis for PML is we follow the international standard, which was used also in our safety review back upon the initial suspension, which is confirmatory JC virus in the cerebrospinal fluid or through brain biopsy. So that is the internationally accepted definition for diagnosing PML.
Jim Birchenough - Lehman Brothers: Perfect. Thanks.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of May-Kin Ho with Goldman Sachs.
May-Kin Ho - Goldman Sachs: Most of my questions have been answered. Can you give an update on the biosimilars in particular with the Biopartners product in Europe as well as Sandoz in the U.S.?
James C. Mullen - President and Chief Executive Officer: Sure. The Bioton products which came from the Biopartners, yes, it's in registration. It was filed last August. Theoretically, it should appear... get a decision from the EMEA by end of summer or sometime by the end of the year. We would expect, just to remind everybody, that is sort of patterned [ph] after the 22 microgram REBIF, so it's subcutaneous three times a week, 22 microgram dosage. So... and that was a full registration trail. So I don't know any... we don't know any more than that. So that's the timeline. In terms of the Sandoz product, Extavia is a... which is the brand name they are using, at least using in Europe, it is, at least as we know it, sourced from the same manufacturer. So it's really a second brand; it's not a follow-on biologic. Having said that, it's another competitor to market and it would appear that this is just part of Novartis' strategy to build some platform in MS in preparation for FTY720. So don't know that we have seen a lot more in the field at this point, certainly not in the U.S.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Mike King with Rodman & Renshaw.
Michael King - Rodman & Renshaw: Thank you, good morning. Thanks for taking my question. Most of my questions have been answered as well. So I was just wondering if we could get a little more color on... you had said in your formal remarks that there are earlier switches. I don't know if you guys track sort of the number of prior regimens that patients run before switching to TYSABRI and how that may have changed over time.
Bill Sibold - Senior Vice President, US Commercial: Yes, that's tracked through market research, and all I can say is that we've seen a trend towards earlier in the treatment regimen and no specifics.
James C. Mullen - President and Chief Executive Officer: Yes. I would say that's pretty much what we've talked about for the past year that we would expect it to start to move forward as people get more comfortable. And I think you also see it in some of the switching dynamics as it moves forward, more that's coming from switchers.
Michael King - Rodman & Renshaw: Is there an internal goal that you would like to see like less than 2, less than 1, or I mean after 1?
James C. Mullen - President and Chief Executive Officer: Well the internal goal... let's take the longer and longer view of this. We want to continue to build out this product, we want to continue to build out the use and the evidence for the use of this product across the broadest range of MS possible, including early diagnosis, including thinking about secondary progressive, potentially thinking about primary progressive. So we will continue to build out the evidence. At the same time, you're going to have the utilization patterns being driven by the experience that these physicians have of watching patients, of how they behave, perform and tolerate the product as they stand in front of them. And then their comfort with the overall safety profile. I think that's why we thought this sort of two year point was important. You start to get quite a bit of data with patients that have been on for a significant period of time. And certainly, as we wrap around the tail end of this year, you're going to have 6000 plus patients that have been on for two years. We think that kind of evidence database plus the rigor of the TOUCH program and the fidelity of that program is really going to continue to help. Physicians have high confidence that they really understand what the profile is. I don't want to predict what it's going to be because I can't see into the future. But people have high confidence that the data that we have is very accurate and very precise.
Michael King - Rodman & Renshaw: Terrific, thank you.
James C. Mullen - President and Chief Executive Officer: Yes.
Operator: Your next question is from Jason Kantor with RBC Capital Markets.
Jason Kantor - RBC Capital Markets: Thanks for taking my question, and most of my questions have been answered. Could you comment on not just your own, but across the industry, you're seeing significant pricing increases? And how much pricing power is left in the market and if you can take that --?
Paul J. Clancy - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Yes. Jason, we have obviously benefited in the AVONEX U.S. business from the price increases. We don't comment on what are future pricing is, but I would kind of characterize it as our business plan doesn't rely on this going forward. I think that's probably an accurate assumption for us to be using over the next few years.
James C. Mullen - President and Chief Executive Officer: Our assumption is at the U.S. pricing environment or the U.S marketplace overall, you guys can read all the same headlines I read and you can see what goes on in Congress and you can hear what Presidential candidates talk about. It's going to become more and more focused, it's going to be a tougher place. But that's not new news to us; that's why we have emphasized over the past decade to continue growth in the... for all geographic markets, we've gotten more than 30 plus percent of our sales outside the U.S. We think that's going to move to 40%. And if you look up and down our pipeline, we've got the worldwide rights [ph] to the vast, vast majority of that pipeline. I think at the end of the day, that is really the best offence is to be able to take our products to the broadest population possible. And we'll have to react to the local political and pricing dynamics wherever we find ourselves. But we've also got a lot of experience in those kind of markets given the past decade of selling international.
Jason Kantor - RBC Capital Markets: But I guess the question is over the last 12 months, was there something that was unique, because it seems that you and other companies had raised price quite a number of times over the last 12 months. Was there some factor that was unique over the last 12 months?
James C. Mullen - President and Chief Executive Officer: No, I wouldn't say there was any special factor in play.
Jason Kantor - RBC Capital Markets: Thank you.
Elizabeth Woo - Vice President, Investor Relations: Given the time, we'll take one or two more questions.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Maged Shenouda with UBS.
Maged Shenouda - UBS: Congratulations on a good quarter. Can you provide an update on the arbitration proceedings with Genentech?
James C. Mullen - President and Chief Executive Officer: Sure. I mean there not a lot new to report from the last quarter, nothing's really changed there. The arbitration is scheduled to occur... the hearings in this quarter or early next quarter as it stands and the arbitrators have up to six months to render a decision. So, hopefully, we'll get through the arbitration in September or October and we can only hope that they have a rapid adjudication, but they can take up to the end of Q1 and out --
Maged Shenouda - UBS: Okay, thank you.
Elizabeth Woo - Vice President, Investor Relations: Okay,we'll take our last question.
Operator: Your final question today is from Adam Walsh with Jefferies & Company, Incorporated.
Adam Walsh - Jefferies & Company: Hey, thanks for fitting me in. My question a is follow up to Jason's question on TYSABRI. Can you briefly talk about the rationale for the recent price increase there and whether or not you feel the risk benefit profile justifies the higher price in the current one? And then also on AVONEX, is AVONEX still the low cost interferon? Thanks.
Paul J. Clancy - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: AVONEX, let me take it from the back, AVONEX right now is lower than one of the other interferons and it's... so it's in between the two interferons. And we recently took a price increase on TYSABRI of 3%. It is a medical benefit, TYSABRI, so that is a dynamic in the marketplace that comes into thinking when actually technically Elan sets the price in the United States.
Adam Walsh - Jefferies & Company: Thank you.
Elizabeth Woo - Vice President, Investor Relations: Thank you everyone. That was our last question and we'll see you on the call next quarter. Thank you.
James C. Mullen - President and Chief Executive Officer: Thanks.
Paul J. Clancy - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Thank you.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2008 Q1  (2008-04-23 06:00:00) =====
Executives: Elizabeth Woo - VP, IR James C. Mullen - President and CEO Bill Sibold - Sr. VP, US Neurology Business Unit Cecil Pickett - President, Research and Development Paul J. Clancy - EVP and CFO Bear, Stearns & Co. Joel Sendek - Lazard Capital Markets Michael Aberman - Credit Suisse Geoff Meacham - JP Morgan Eric Schmidt - Cowen and Company William Ho - Banc of America Securities Jim Birchenough - Lehman Brothers May-Kin Ho - Goldman Sachs Bill Tanner - Leerink Swann & Company Mike King - Rodman & Renshaw Maged Shenouda - UBS Adam Walsh - Jefferies & Company Jason Zhang - BMO Capital George Farmer - Wachovia Securities
Analysts: Mark Schoenebaum
Operator: Good morning. My name is Janice and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Biogen Idec First Quarter conference call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions]. Thank you. Ms. Woo, you may begin your conference.
Elizabeth Woo - Vice President, Investor Relations: Thank you. Welcome to Biogen Idec's first quarter earnings conference call. Before we begin, I'd ask everyone to go to the Investor Relations section of our website, biogenidec.com and print out the press release and related financial table. These will be particularly useful when our CFO, Paul Clancy reviews the financial results and reconciliation to non-GAAP financial measures discussed today. We have also posted a slide on our website slides on our website that outline the topics discussed on today's call. I'll start with the Safe Harbor statement. Comments made in this conference call include forward-looking statements about the company's expectations regarding future financial results, including our 2008 financial guidance, our longer-term operational and financial goals, sales potential of TYSABRI and plans for external growth and pipeline advancements. Such statements are subject to risks and uncertainties, which could cause actual results to differ materially from expectations. In particular, careful consideration should be given to the risks and uncertainties that are described in our earnings release and in item 1A of the company's reports of the Form 10-K and 10-Q and in other periodic and current reports, Biogen Idec files with the SEC. The company does not undertake any obligation to publicly update any forward-looking statements. In addition, because we have received a Board of Director's nomination and bylaw amendment proposal from one of our shareholders we are obliged to inform you this and to be sure that our stockholders have access to all the information they might need around this process. On today's call, I'm joined by Jim Mullen, CEO of Biogen Idec; Bill Sibold, Senior Vice President, US Neurology Business Unit; Dr. Cecil Pickett, President of R&D; and Paul Clancy, Chief Financial Officer and EVP of Finance. I'll now turn the call over to Jim.
James C. Mullen  President and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you Elizabeth. Good morning everyone and thanks for joining us. Q1 2008 was another great quarter. We delivered record revenues and outstanding financial results in the first quarter as we more than tripled TYSABRI sales compared to the same period last year and our core products AVONEX and RITUXAN continue to generate strong sales. We made an outstanding start to 2008 and we're well on our way towards achieving our goals to 2010. We delivered record revenue and strong profits in Q1 and year-over-year revenues grew 32% and non-GAAP earnings grew 41%. We saw an acceleration of TYSABRI patient adds, as physicians grow more comfortable with the safety profile. We added 5,000 new patients in Q1 with more than half of them internationally and importantly no new cases of PML have been reported since the relaunch. AVONEX sales were very strong and outperformed expectations. AVONEX continues to maintain its worldwide leadership position in the competitive MS marketplace and provides a strong and growing cash flow contribution to the business. And we advanced our pipeline. Clinical trial activities ramping up significantly in 2008 and we are eagerly awaiting a series of new clinical data reports this year for products not yet considered in our long-term forecast. So 2008 is shaping up to be another strong year from both the financial and clinical standpoint and we're raising full year 2008 guidance. So let me just expand on a few points before I turn it over to others on the call. RITUXAN US net sales for Q1 were $605 million, which was up 13% year-over-year. This translates into revenues from the related joint business were $247 million which is up 19% year-over-year. AVONEX worldwide sales were $536 million in Q1 2008 representing a 19% growth year-over-year. With TYSABRI, we exited the first quarter at a run rate of over $600 million of end-market revenues globally. Between AVONEX and TYSABRI, our MS franchise share continue to expand. Bill Sibold, SVP, US Neurology will take you through the good news for TYSABRI. And as we start 2008, we see a continued acceleration towards our goal of 100,000 patients on TYSABRI by year-end 2010. As a result, we're raising full year non-GAAP 2008 earnings guidance, our CFO, Paul Clancy will take you through the financial and guidance details. A couple of comments on the pipeline. Pipeline advanced to 2007 and we now have 15 products in Phase II and beyond and 2008 will be a year of significant number of clinical readouts. We built this impressive pipeline with a balanced approach of organic development and execution of highly perfected business development programs. Significant R&D investment has yielded a robust pipeline with four novel compounds and registration trials and another to start later this year. While we're disappointed with the RITUXAN OLYMPUS trial and it was unable to meet the primary endpoints in the difficult to treat primary progressive MS setting, we have a number of meaningful data readouts as the year goes on and Cecil Pickett will review the pipeline accomplishments and upcoming milestones in his comments. I'll conclude the introduction by saying the future of Biogen Idec is extremely bright as evidenced by our recent operating results. In my nearly two decades with the company, I don't believe the prospects for growth today and growth in the future have been any better for the company. I'll now turn the call over to Bill Sibold, the Head of the US Neurology Business.
Bill Sibold - Senior Vice President, US Neurology Business Unit: Thanks, Jim. I'm pleased to report that in Q1, we continued the momentum established in 2007. Biogen Idec's global MS franchise continues to grow everyday with more new patients entering the franchise. No one is doing more for MS than Biogen Idec. We have the number one prescribed MS therapy today, AVONEX. We have the product that has established a new level of efficacy, TYSABRI, which has been shown to delay the progression of the disease and reduce relapses by two thirds, and we have the best and broadest pipeline of MS products for the future. This reality distinguishes us from other companies in the market and positions us, unlike any other for the future. More and more physicians that I talk to understand and appreciate this commitment, which I believe positively impacts both the short and long-term prospects for the business. Our presence in MS was highlighted at AAN in Chicago last week where there were nine platform presentations and 27 poster presentations related to Biogen Idec products. This is double the next closest competitor for total presentations, once again demonstrating the breadth of our portfolio. We also had a corporate therapeutic update titled Multiple Sclerosis, Biogen Idec and the Future of Personalized Medicine, which was oversubscribed with more than 500 attendees. Turning to Q1 results, global neurology revenues were $650 million... $651 million, an increase of 10% versus the prior quarter and 36% versus the prior year. Our combined global franchise market share continues to grow. In the US, it is now at its highest level since 2005 and it is at its highest level since 2000 outside the US. We expect this trend to continue in step with TYSABRI's growth. AVONEX remains the product to start with and TYSABRI for those patients needing more efficacy. With their clear positioning and strong product profile the bulk of relapsing remitting MS patients are candidates for either AVONEX or TYSABRI. As our pipeline matures we will have new options for additional patients in need. Looking specifically at the products, AVONEX's $536 million in global revenue in Q1 was up 19% year-over-year and 7% quarter-over-quarter. AVONEX's revenue was up 14% year-over-year in the US and 27% year-over-year internationally. With over 135,000 patients on therapy worldwide and over 1 million patient years of experience, AVONEX remains the foundation of our global MS business. After 11 years on the market, AVONEX remains the only once weekly product and is the only product indicated to both slow the accumulation of physical disability and be effective for patients who have experienced a first clinical episode and have MRI features consistent with MS. Perhaps, this is why it is the treatment most associated with patients in the early stages of the disease and with those patients, who lead an active daily lifestyle and why it is the number one MS therapy in the world. AVONEX disrupts disease, not patient lives. Now to TYSABRI, TYSABRI continues to build momentum with in-market revenue of $160 million in the quarter, which is 23% growth over the prior quarter and an over three-fold increase over the prior year. At the AAN meeting in Chicago last week, we announced the latest patient numbers for TYSABRI. As of late March, there were approximately 26,000 patients on TYSABRI worldwide in the commercial and clinical trial setting. There were approximately 15,300 TYSABRI patients in the US with about 2,750 prescribing physicians, which is a doubling in the number of prescribers since last year. Internationally, there were about 10,200 patients on therapy. Finally, we announced that there were over 9,900 patients on therapy for over one year and over 3,600 on therapy for more than 18 months. The update was very well received by physicians who are growing more and more comfortable with the benefit risk profile of TYSABRI. Also at AAN, a poster was presented that showed that TYSABRI treatment significantly increases the proportion of patients with MS considered to be disease free. According to post talk analysis of the AFFIRM and SENTINEL clinical trials about one-third of patients were shown to have no relapses, no disability progression and no new MRI markers. Additionally, at AMCP and AAN last week, a poster was presented with results from a recent study of 451 patients on TYSABRI. The study showed that over 95% of patients reported doing as well or improving in their quality of life, functional status and disease step levels as early as three months after starting TYSABRI. Additionally, over half of the patients reported improvements in their ability to do physically demanding tasks and feeling well in the same period. These data suggest the real-world efficacy of TYSABRI. Also since the last call, our partner, Elan has launched TYSABRI for Crohn's Disease and TOUCH online has been rolled out and has been extremely well received. TOUCH online offers substantial service benefits to our prescribers and infusion sites. Additionally, we continue to see encouraging trends in the market. Worldwide TYSABRI is considered to be the most effective MS therapy by neurologists. In the US, the number is over 94% of neurologists responded this way. Positive switching trends continue with TYSABRI being the most switched to therapy. And on the subject of switching, in the US, Copaxone with its everyday injection remains the largest single source of TYSABRI patients. Finally, about 80% of TYSABRI patients in the US and nearly 90% of TYSABRI patients internationally are new to the Biogen Idec franchise. We believe TYSABRI will continue to build momentum throughout the remainder of 2008. We had a strong Q1. There continues to be positive new data about TYSABRI as evidenced by... at AAN last week and in July TYSABRI celebrates two years on the market, which is a significant milestone. All of these things make us more confident than ever that TYSABRI will achieve the previously stated goal of 100,000 patients on therapy and eventually become the leading MS therapy in the world. In conclusion, with the number one prescribed MS therapy today, AVONEX, a product that has established a new level of efficacy, TYSABRI, and the best and broadest pipeline of the MS products for the future, Biogen Idec is the leader in multiple sclerosis. Our goal is to provide products and services for MS patients from diagnosis to disease resolution. We are extremely pleased with the results of the first quarter and optimistic about the rest of the year and the future. I will now hand the call to Dr. Cecil Pickett, President, R&D. Cecil B. Pickett  President, Research and Development Thank you Bill. And good morning everyone. Today I'll report, as usual on accomplishments in the quarter and upcoming data readouts. First I'll review the recent progress and data readouts. As you know, our sBLA on TYSABRI to treat Crohn's disease was approved by the FDA on January 14th. Our partner, Elan has since launched the drug and TYSABRI for Crohn's has been available in the US since the end of February with final stages of education and training completed during the second week of March. Crohn's patients have started to receive TYSABRI therapy in the US and we are pleased to offer them this important option. We had a recent data readout and were disappointed that our RITUXAN OLYMPUS trial in primary progressive MS failed to meet the primary endpoint. The unmet medical need remains high and it is difficult to treat disease. Next I'll mention some data on TYSABRI. Starting with PML mitigation, Dr. Fox presented at AAN a sub study from the PLEX trial on leukocyte transmigration that suggested plasma exchange could be an effective means of removing TYSABRI and allowing the immune system to reestablish more rapidly. In theory, this may allow a patient to better fight off a reactivated JC virus. Staying with PML mitigation, we have initiated a program to test the anti-malarial Mefloquine in HIV patients with PML. Mefloquine has shown some antiviral activity in an in vitro screening of JC virus replication. Moving to safety, at the recent AAN meeting, our Global Head of Drug Safety, Dr. Carmen Bozic presented an update of TYSABRI safety. And, as you know, we've seen no new PML cases. As Bill mentioned, physicians are growing more and more comfortable with the benefit/risk profile of TYSABRI. To provide additional perspective, PML is associated with a growing list of immunosuppressive drugs. So it may be time to start considering PML as a potential side effect of any powerful therapy that modulates the immune system and not as something specific to TYSABRI. Next, we had a number of R&D accomplishments this quarter. We continue to make good progress on advancing and developing our late-stage clinical pipeline. We currently are accruing patients to our four ongoing pivotal registration programs with novel molecules; lumiliximab in CLL, galiximab in non-Hodgkin's lymphoma, BG-12 in relapsing remitting MS, and lixivaptan in hyponatremia. In addition, we expect to initiate another pivotal program during 2008, ADENTRI in acute decompensated congestive heart failure. We have completed enrollment for the RITUXAN Phase III LUNAR trial in lupus nephritis and the baminercept alpha Phase IIb respond trial in rheumatoid arthritis. We have achieved first patient enrolled for the daclizumab Phase II SECLECT monotherpay trail in relapsing remitting MS, the volociximab Phase II combination trial with Doxo in ovarian cancer, our lead HSP90 inhibtor Phase II trial in gastrointestinal stromal tumors and the Anti IGF-1R Phase I trial in solid tumors. Finally, we have active INDs for TYSABRI in multiple myeloma and Anti-Cripto-DM4 for solid tumors. We also published an in vitro study of Neublastin in Nature Neuroscience. Neublastin promoted regeneration of damaged sensory nerve cells and restored sensory and motor function. And also keep on the lookout for a number of abstracts from us at the upcoming ASCO and UR [ph] meetings. I'll end by reminding you about the number of data readouts expected by the end of 2008. Soon, we anticipate results from Explore, the Phase III RITUXAN study in SLE. The bayley scale will be used to assess SLE disease activity in this study and is a comprehensive, reliable, sensitive to change and effective in capturing the waxing and waning nature of lupus. Major or partial clinical response will be assessed in 52 weeks. The unmet medical need remains high in this sizable indication. We also expect to see clinical readouts in 2008 from a number of novel programs including Phase IIb data on baminercept alpha in RA, BIIB14 for Parkinson's disease, and long-acting Factor IX in hemophilia B, also our heat shock protein 90 inhibitor in volociximab in solid tumors. So in conclusion, I remain very impressed with the caliber of both the pipeline and our R&D team. 2008 is a very active year on the R&D front and on average four times as many patients in clinical trials compared to 2007. We are as eager as you to see the data from the ongoing trials. With that, I'll hand the call over to Paul Clancy, our CFO.
Paul J. Clancy - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Thanks Cecil. We delivered another strong quarter of financial results. Our impressive top line and bottom line growth is a solid testament to Biogen Idec's economic growth engine and our focus on delivering tangible results in building shareholder value. We achieved 32% top line growth with strong performance across all products in all geographies and over 40% earnings growth on a year-over-year basis. We delivered these excellent financial results while simultaneously investing heavily in our pipeline, the key imperative for sustainable long-term growth. Now I'll walk through the P&L in more detail. The GAAP financials are provided in Tables 1 and 2 of the earnings release. Table 3 is a reconciliation of the GAAP to non-GAAP financial results. So let's begin with our GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliation in accordance with Reg G, we've provided Table 3, which breaks out the items by major driver. The main items excluded from the non-GAAP P&L in Q1 were first, we adjusted $75 million for the amortization of intangibles. Second, we adjusted $25 million related to the contingent consideration payment associated with the Conforma acquisition. Third, we adjusted $6 million in employee stock option expenses. Approximately half of this is in SG&A and the remainder in R&D. And fourth, we had $80 million of tax impact to the items I just mentioned. Now I'll move on to the non-GAAP P&L operating performance. We believe it's important to share this non-GAAP perspective with shareholders because it better represents the ongoing economics of our business and it reflects how we manage the business internally and set operational goals. In Q1, we delivered $0.54 diluted EPS on the GAAP P&L and after the adjustments shown in Table 3, our non-GAAP diluted EPS was $0.83. Both of these numbers increased by over 40% versus Q1 2007. Now let's move through the first quarter detail in a bit more. Q1's total revenue was $942 million. This represents an impressive 32% growth over the same period last year. Key drivers again across all products, all geographies, the continued revenue growth of the AVONEX business, the increasing penetration of TYSABRI and the continued growth of RITUXAN franchise. Now go to the product revenues. I'll begin with AVONEX. Q1 AVONEX worldwide product revenue was $536 million representing a 19% increase of the same period last year. Q1 US AVONEX product revenue was $308 million representing a 14% increase over the same period last year. This revenue growth was supported by the strength of the AVONEX brand and its ability to support price increases in 2007. Q1 International AVONEX product revenue was $228 million representing an increase of 27% on a year-over-year basis. Approximately, 10% of that increase was driven by favorable foreign exchange rates and the balance driven by volume and mixed increases. Q1 TYSABRI worldwide Biogen Idec product revenue increased to $115 million. As Bill highlighted, TYSABRI continues to make strong progress. TYSABRI financial highlights include end-patient total sales of $160 million worldwide. US end-user TYSABRI sales totaled $86 million representing a 13% quarter-over-quarter increase. Biogen Idec booked $41 million of this amount. International end-user TYSABRI sales totaled $73 million, which is a 39% increase from the prior quarter. Moving to other product revenue. Q1 FUMADERM revenue was $12 million. In Q1, ZEVALIN product sales, which really represents our supply agreement with CTI were $2 million. Now, moving on to the RITUXAN collaboration revenues, which is referred to as revenue from unconsolidated joint business. We recorded $247 million in revenue for the quarter representing a 19% year-over-year increase. This number has three elements. First, we received our share of the US RITUXAN profits. As reported by Genentech, our partner, US RITUXAN sales were $605 million in the first quarter up 13% versus prior year. And our Q1 profit share from that business was $158 million, up 16% versus prior year. Second, we received royalty revenue on sales of rituximab outside the US and in Q1 this was $77 million, up 35% versus prior year. Third, we reimbursed $13 million for selling and development cost incurred related to RITUXAN. Q1 royalties were $24 million for the quarter. Our Q1 royalty revenue reflects the step down from Q4 driven by ANGIOMAX, which I described in our last call. Now, turning to the expense lines on the P&L, which includes the non-GAAP adjustments that I described earlier. Q1 COGS were $101 million representing 11% of revenues. Q1 R&D expense was $255 million, which is approximately 27% of revenues. Increases in our R&D spend was driven by our continued advancement of our robust pipeline. As Cecil mentioned, we have several programs in registrational trials including BG-12, lixivaptan, galiximab and lumiliximab, and we expect ADENTRI to join this group by the end of the year. We expect these late-stage programs coupled with our advancing early-stage pipeline to drive significant increase in the number of patients on clinical trials when comparing 2008 to 2007. Q1 SG&A expenses were $213 million, which represents 23% of revenues and a 17% year-over-year increase. Drivers of the year-over-year increase in absolute dollars included investments to support TYSABRI growth, specifically, several international markets including Germany and France as well as the Crohn's launch in the US in the first quarter of 2008. Continuing down the P&L, our collaboration profit-sharing line totaled $21 million of expense for the quarter. As a reminder, this line represents Biogen Idec's payment of 50% of the profits outside the US to Elan and the reimbursement of third-party royalties incurred by Elan outside the US. We expect this number to continue to grow in the coming quarters reflecting the growing profitability and uptake of our international TYSABRI business. Now moving to other income and expense. This represented $500,000 loss for the quarter, a significant change to our OIE line since the same period last year is the impact of our $3 billion share repurchase in June of 2007, which equated to 16% of our shares outstanding. Specifically, this line has been impacted by the loss of interest income from a reduction in cash and the addition of the interest expense from taking on debt. I'll also note that during the quarter, we converted our $1.5 billion temporary bridge loan to $1 billion in permanent debt. The $500 million difference was paid down with cash. The permanent debt offering included $450 million in principal at 6.0% due 2013 and 515 $550 million in principal at 6.875% due 2018. Additionally, in Q1 2008 we repurchased 4 million shares under the 20 million share repurchase program authorized by our Board of Directors in October of 2006. The purpose of this program is for share stabilization. Since the close of the quarter, an additional 5 million shares have been purchased as well. Even after our impressive share buybacks, our cash position remains strong and growing. Q1 tax rate on a non-GAAP basis is 29%, which brings us to our Q1 non-GAAP diluted EPS of $0.83, again representing a 41% increase over the same period last year. Now I'd like to conclude by discussing our updated 2008 guidance. Given our strong Q1 performance, we're raising our 2008 financial guidance. We expect annual revenue growth of 20% over 2007 driven in large part by strengthening TYSABRI uptake. This is now at the high-end of our previous revenue guidance. We expect operating margin leverage to be similar to previous guidance and the combination of non-GAAP R&D and SG&A expenses for the year to be approximately $2 billion. This number may be impacted by potential business development activity and the pace of patient accruals in our important four and moving to five late-stage development programs. I've excluded from I've excluded our collaboration profit line from the $2 billion expense guidance for 2008. I should note that we do expect this line to grow each quarter, again reflecting the uptake in increasing profitability of the international TYSABRI business. Our non-GAAP tax rate is expected to be between 28 and 30% and this assumes the renewal of the R&D tax credit legislation. Non-GAAP diluted EPS is expected to be in the range of $3.25 to $3.45. This represents a 19 to 26% year-over-year growth rate. In addition to increasing our guidance, we've slightly widened the range to reflect the potential impact of business development activities and the pace and success of clinical trials notably again the four to five programs in late stage. GAAP EPS is expected to be in the range of $2.28 to $2.48. Overall this full-year guidance provides strong top line and bottom line growth and is an important stepping stone in achieving our longer-term operating and financial goals. So in conclusion, extremely strong performance for the quarter with is a solid testament to our strategy and our focus on creating shareholder value. We delivered 32% in the top line and grew non-GAAP EPS by 41%, all while aggressively investing in our pipeline. Now, I will hand it over to Jim for his closing comments.
James C. Mullen  President and Chief Executive Officer: Thanks, Paul. In summary, we're very pleased with the Q1 2008 financial results and the strength across all products. Given the strong momentum underway and the key data readouts expected later this year, the prospects for the company have never been better. We continue to grow our MS franchise share. By year-end, several thousand patients will have been on TYSABRI therapy for two years, which will provide the MS community with a better understanding of the impact of duration on TYSABRI's safety profile. We're moving our pipeline programs forward and a number of data readouts on late-stage programs will come over the next month. The next readout will be the top line results for RITUXAN in lupus, which will be available soon, certainly in this quarter. The future of Biogen Idec is bright, we continue to work to bring more meaningful therapies to patients in need, which in turn we believe will generate strong growth that will create significant value for our shareholders. Just as we did successfully over the prior four-year period we're confident we can... we will achieve our 2010 goals. And just to reiterate those 2010 financial goals, it's 15% revenue compounded annual growth rate, 25% GAAP EPS compounded annual growth rate, and 20% non-GAAP EPS compounded annual growth rate. With that, I'll turn it back over to Elizabeth and open it up for Q&A.
Elizabeth Woo - Vice President of Investor Relations: Thanks, Jim. Operator, we're now ready to open up the call for Q&A and we'd ask participants on the call to please limit themselves to one question and then re-enter the queue for any follow-up questions. Please state your name and company/affiliation. Operator, we may have the first question. Question and Answer
Operator: Thank you, Maam. [Operator Instructions]. Your first question comes from the line of Mark Schoenebaum with Bear Stearns.
Mark Schoenebaum - Bear, Stearns & Co.: Okay. Thanks for taking my question. I really appreciate it. Can I ask you about RITUXAN for lupus and obviously I know you don't know the data yet. So I'm not going to ask to put you in that uncomfortable position trying to handicap those data, maybe you can just help us the Street perhaps to understand this market a little bit better. There have been all kinds of sell-side reports coming out and Genentech has given out, I think 200,000 eligible patients, I see on your slide, it looks like a... its closer to 300,000 eligible patients. In reality, kind of a peak if the trial works and works well, how many patients do you think are actually could be on RITUXAN, I mean kind of a peak normalized year?
James C. Mullen - President and Chief Executive Officer: Hey, Mark. I'll take that because the answer is while we have I think you well pointed out, its fairly rough estimates of what the total patient numbers are available out there, which you know by our experience is pretty difficult in these marketplaces particularly in something like lupus, where the line is exactly how they are classified tends to move around a bit. But the real answer comes with the data and how strong is the data, how compelling is the data and then, all the other factors that surround that. But... and so, we've really seen the data anything would just be finger in the wind at this point. So we're anxious to see that data, be able to really analyze the data to understand subgroup analysis, understand safety. So remember, all we are going to get on the first day is sort of top line stuff. And then, you have got a ability to start taking it back out and talking to our real practitioners to understand what the real world of relevance of the results are.
Mark Schoenebaum - Bear, Stearns & Co.: And what kind of subgroups you are talking about?
James C. Mullen - President and Chief Executive Officer: Well, you know it is a very heterogeneous disease by definition. So you're going to be looking at you know everything from gender to age, to prior treatments, to organs involved, etcetera. So, I think there will be a huge treasure throughout the data to go through which will help guide us where to go in the future.
Mark Schoenebaum - Bear, Stearns & Co.: Okay. Thanks. Good luck.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Yaron Werber with Citi.
Unidentified Analyst: Hi, this is [inaudible] dialing for Yaron. Thanks for taking my question. My question is in terms of the strong AVONEX growth you have been seeing, can you perhaps give a little more detail as it's just a volume increase or just price increases? And how much room do you have for more price increases both in AVONEX and TYSABRI? Thank you.
Paul J. Clancy - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Yes. This is Paul. I'll try to take that. We certainly benefited from foreign exchange outside the United States sales and then from the benefit of the price actions inside the US, the price actions that we've taken in full-year 2007. Nevertheless, I would characterize Q1 as very solid with respect to our unit trends and in fact in both geographies, we saw some of the best unit trends that we have seen in a number of quarters, which is testimony to in the United States. Some of the new marketing programs, that we put in place are really taking hold as well as outside the United States kind of continuing a superiority strong momentum. With respect to forwarded looking price, we really don't as a policy talk about that and so I kind of, probably just leave it there at that for now.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. Great. Thank you very much.
Paul J. Clancy - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Joel Sendek with Lazard Capital Markets.
Joel Sendek - Lazard Capital Markets: Thanks a lot. Actually, I wanted to follow up on that last question. And with regard to what you said about unit trends, can you help us to understand if the instance of patients with MS is increasing? And may be are you getting more patients of the sidelines in the TYSABRI... into the TYSABRI fold and maybe that could be increasing the potential patients on AVONEX as well even though it's kind of counterintuitive given the potential cannibalization?
Paul J. Clancy - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Joe, I think that what we're seeing in terms of unit trends outside the United States is actually quite good. Inside the United States, I'd say that it's probably characterized by slowing growth in 2008 as we saw in 2007 but the penetration in other geographies and just kind of expansion across the world was actually beginning to help us. We now with respect to disease-modifying therapies there are actually now more patients on... across all disease-modifying therapies, on therapy outside the United States and inside the United States. So, I think it's one of the things that we've tried to talk about over the last year or two is the importance of the business outside the United States and I think our strategy is really starting to pay off as it relates to that.
Joel Sendek - Lazard Capital Markets: Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Michael Aberman with Credit Suisse.
James C. Mullen - President and Chief Executive Officer: Michael, are you there?
Elizabeth Woo - Vice President, Investor Relations: Probably go to the next question.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Geoff Meacham with JP Morgan.
Elizabeth Woo - Vice President, Investor Relations: Are we having technical difficulties, operator?
Bill Sibold - Senior Vice President, US Neurology Business Unit: Yes we're.
James C. Mullen - President and Chief Executive Officer: Yes. We have lost a queue or something.
Operator: One moment Sir.
James C. Mullen - President and Chief Executive Officer: Bill, if we can reload those and start with Michael of we can find him again here and then go to Geoff.
Operator: One moment please. Mr. Aberman could you please press star one again. Okay Mr. Aberman, your line is open.
Michael Aberman - Credit Suisse: Right, are you guys there?
Bill Sibold - Senior Vice President, US Neurology Business Unit: Yes.
Michael Aberman - Credit Suisse: Fantastic, you had me in panic. Looking at the trends for TYSABRI, in the US the actual number of patients added was flat compared to fourth quarter whereas in the ex-US you had a significant increase. Going forward was there something unique about Europe in terms of this quarter, in terms of the roll-out in new countries where we think this... this might temper a little bit going forward or should we think this of as run rate and in the US based on this new updated safety. Would you expect an inflection in the outer quarters or the next few quarters given the recent safety assays?
Bill Sibold - Senior Vice President, US Neurology Business Unit: So this is Bill. So internationally, we do see the benefit of additional countries coming on-board and we expect that affect will continue through the year and into the future. In the US, Q1 was that what we had expected and we expect that there will be steady growth in the number of new patient adds which puts us on track overall for 2010 of our goal of 100,000 patients.
Paul J. Clancy - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Hi, Michael, this is Paul, Ill just add and try to echo the fact that as we've articulated our longer term goals, we've always thought about the contribution of TYSABRI in terms of patients to be kind of in the 60% outside the US, 40% inside US and that's just based on kind of market projections in planning. In the early read based on Q4 and Q1 now is that assumption may really start to become to fruition.
Michael Aberman - Credit Suisse: Thank you, very much.
James C. Mullen - President and Chief Executive Officer: Can we find Geoff Meacham again?
Operator: Geoff Meacham with JP Morgan, your line is open.
Geoff Meacham  JP Morgan: Hi guys can you hear me.
James C. Mullen - President and Chief Executive Officer: We can Geoff.
Geoff Meacham  JP Morgan: Okay. So to ask Michael's question in a different way, I guess now that you have few quarters in EU launch of TYSABRI, is there any data you can give us on the source of patients so basically the EU version of slide ten in your debt
James C. Mullen - President and Chief Executive Officer: The EU version slide 10, probably what Id say is it looks better outside the US than inside the US in terms of the number of patients they are kind of new to the franchise. So few are coming from AVONEX, more coming from the competitors and probably the returns to the market is about similar to what we have seen here. So where we say four out of five TYSABRI patients in the US are new to the Biogen Idec franchise is probably closer to 9 out of 10 outside the US and interesting there is a couple of markets where TYSABRI is pretty quickly moving to the number two position.
Geoff Meacham  JP Morgan: And just as the follow-up. Do you see in Europe any bias towards use of TYSABRI in first-line patients, in Europe?
James C. Mullen - President and Chief Executive Officer: Any.... no, I don't know that we've seen a lot of change for physicians yet to initiate patient, newly diagnosed patient on TYSABRI, I mean it happens in some circumstances but that's still a minority.
Geoff Meacham  JP Morgan: Okay. Thanks.
James C. Mullen - President and Chief Executive Officer: All right.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Eric Schmidt with Cowen and Company.
Eric Schmidt - Cowen and Company: Congrats on the strong first quarter. My question has to do with the AAN meeting, maybe either for Bill or Cecil, there are couple of poster presentations at AAN that talked about monitoring patients for JC virus reactivation. I am just kind of wondering what Biogen's take would be on some of that data? Cecil B. Pickett  President, Research and Development Yes, I guess specifically talking about the poster from Dr. Sidqque [ph] study.
Eric Schmidt - Cowen and Company: That's right Cecil B. Pickett  President, Research and Development Yes, well just to backup, just for a second, just want to remind everyone as of the end of March of 2008, there were approximately 26,000 patients on TYSABRI with no new cases of PML. That's very important. Dr. Sidqque study identified two patients with JC virus, one in the blood and one in the cerebrospinal fluid. I want to point out that these patients did not have PML and there is actually no data that exists to suggest that they are at increased risk of developing PML. So, we believe the best approach to monitor for PML is through examination and clinical vigilance.
Eric Schmidt - Cowen and Company: Thank you. Cecil B. Pickett  President, Research and Development Sure.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of William Ho with Banc of America.
William Ho - Banc of America Securities: Hi guys. Congratulations on the quarter. I guess my question comes... I guess with respect to your current views of PML and the mechanism given the FDA's recent advisories due to PML from known viruses Myfortic and Roches CellCept and what are your future or your going forward thoughts on the risk of PML, is it a TYSABRI related event or is it just due to immunosuppression and do you see clinicians becoming more comfortable with the use TYSABRI? Cecil B. Pickett  President, Research and Development Well, I think with mycophenolic acid, which is CellCept, it's the ester of mycophenolic acid is basically CellCept. It inhibits a sort of a key enzyme and purine metabolism. And because of that it actually blocks proliferations both the T-cells and B-cells. So it is a pretty powerful immune suppressant. So, my take on that it although the data is limited today, but my take on that is that any potent immunosuppressive agents may [inaudible] this at increased rate to PML. And I think you've heard from Bill that physicians are becoming much more comfortable with the benefit risk profile of TYSABRI.
William Ho - Banc of America Securities: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jim Birchenough with Lehman Brothers.
Jim Birchenough - Lehman Brothers: Yes. Hi, guys. Let me add my congratulations on the quarter. Just a question on the PLEX study results and implications for the market, maybe you could just comment on the number of infusion centers that have apheresis capabilities and whether you think the data will give some comfort not only around PML but for patients that might have to transition from TYSABRI to an immunosuppressive quicker than the three month lag time. Cecil B. Pickett  President, Research and Development Well, again, I mean the PLEX, the data basically suggested that three plasma exchanges actually reduces TYSABRI levels quite significantly in the plasma. And the in vitro transmigration assay that was done also suggest that with PLEX, with the plasma exchange you can basically reconstitute the immune system. So I guess we've also have done some modeling which suggest that if you go out to the five cycles, that you really significantly reduce TYSABRI levels to the extent I guess to rates of 95%.
Jim Birchenough - Lehman Brothers: I guess the question is in terms of practically are infusion centers in a position to plasmapheresis?
Bill Sibold - Senior Vice President, US Neurology Business Unit: Yes. We don't see that as being a barrier.
Jim Birchenough - Lehman Brothers: Okay. Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of May-Kin Ho with Goldman Sachs.
May-Kin Ho - Goldman Sachs: I have a question on the lupus study. If this study is negative, what kind of least we can... sorry, what kind of conclusion should we draw with respect to the upcoming trial for nephritis lupus nephritis?
Bill Sibold - Senior Vice President, US Neurology Business Unit: Very difficult to say. I mean, I think many of us in this field for several years have thought that there was a significant B-cell, yes, there is a significant B-cell involvement in lupus. And so, we'll get the data and see what the data tells us about lupus study and sort of go from there. So I don't think actually we completed enrolment in the lupus nephritis study also. So well get data from both of those studies and we don't have to sort of guess. We can base are decisions on actual data.
May-Kin Ho - Goldman Sachs: I was just really trying to refer to with SLE may be... that's organ specific and with nephritis your are more selective there, so trying to figure out in terms of the trial design or the biology, can one really extrapolate anything?
Bill Sibold - Senior Vice President, US Neurology Business Unit: I don't think so. I don't think so.
May-Kin Ho - Goldman Sachs: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Bill Tanner with Leerink Swann.
Bill Tanner - Leerink Swann & Company: Thanks for taking the question. Question for Bill Sibold, may be. Just as we thinking about TYSABRI and looking all the numbers that we have obviously the ones you guys provide but if you look at the numbers of patients per physician in the US, I guess the glass-half empty way of looking at it is the growth really has come from new physician adds, glass-half full. I guess would be that you got perhaps physicians still dipping a toe in the water and you've actually established broader physician adoption. So as you do the market research, I mean in understanding the two years is really epidemiologically or pathologically not a meaningful milestone. I mean do you get the sense that there with physicians are going to begin to do more than just dip the tone rather going forward?
Bill Sibold - Senior Vice President, US Neurology Business Unit: Yes, we believe that it's not just the two years but it is the release of utilization updates like at the AAN and now there are positive data as well as just the physician experience, which is taking place. One other things that we are hearing from physicians is some very compelling results with the MS patients that they treat. So, we really believe that with time, with the continued use of the product we're hearing stories of what other colleagues are doing etcetera that there will be a continue increase in the use of products from both a depth perspective. So the physicians that are currently writing and also from a breadth perspective that we expect additional neurologists will start to utilize TYSABRI.
Bill Tanner - Leerink Swann & Company: Okay. Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mike King with Rodman & Renshaw.
Michael King - Rodman & Renshaw: Thanks for taking my question and let me add my congratulations. To start, I believe questions on lupus but I was wondering, I think one thing we could benefit from would be to understand how the actual BILAG results are going to be presented to the Street and perhaps so you again without trying to get the results from you the, just how are they going to be represented? Will they be broken down into the major and minor, will we see one large number? Can you just give us some context as how those results are going to be conveyed to investors?
James C. Mullen - President, Chief Executive Officer, Director: Well, I think what you're going to give. So, first Genentech has been running the trial and you know our experience working with Genentech is they are very prompt at doing analysis and giving the top line results out, but thats really all you are going to give at the beginning because they will do a very through but fairly quick review which means there is a lot of other thinking and analysis to be done after that. I think you are going to get the top line review, you're going to get the top line results that it meet the primary didn't meet the primary and I don't know that it will be much more than that, when we have it. I think the details will follow as is the tradition for any other company but especially Genentech and Biogen Idec at an appropriate scientific forum where they will drill into the data and a fair bit of detail with investigators.
Michael King - Rodman & Renshaw: Okay but just understand correctly the primary is major and minor.
Elizabeth Woo - Vice President, Investor Relations: Correct.
James C. Mullen - President and Chief Executive Officer: Correct.
Elizabeth Woo - Vice President, Investor Relations: Mike, that's correct.
Michael King - Rodman & Renshaw: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Geoffrey Porges with Sanford Bernstein.
Unidentified Analyst: Hi guys. It's actually Isaac was calling in for Geoff. Congratulations on the quarter again, I was hoping you guys can provide a little bit more color on TYSABRI and Crohn's disease both had a status of a potential approval here in the EU, as well as some color on your conversations with physicians ahead of the US launch or following the US launch how you think roughly 10,000 patients on TYSABRI and MS is going to aid that and any safety concerns and then finally any assumptions you guys have made for TYSABRI uptake in Crohn's for the 100,000 patients on TYSABRI by 2010?
James C. Mullen - President, Chief Executive Officer, Director: Okay, as so it's probably premature to raise the 100,000 number seeing as I've spent the last nine months or so getting people warmed up to the 100,000 number. But I will be pleased to be [inaudible] by the end of the year on the 100,000 number. With respect to Crohns in the EU just to take everybody back to what the issue there was and I think you properly put your finger on it, it was the question of risk benefit profile and certainly as we get more patients exposures in the EU US in MS but especially in Crohns there is just more real data to bring to that discussion. So the plan right now is we are reengaging the EU regulatory authorities in that conversation. I think it's premature to say where that's going to go exactly and what they're going to look for. Hopefully within the next call or two here we'll be able to give you more specific guidance on that. With respect to the US launch, what you're witnessing now is just what we witnessed at the launch with MS. There is a big educational phase and qualifying physicians. There has been a number of scripts written but I don't think there is any to conclude from the very early going. So I think we just have to watch this evolve over the next couple of quarters. And Elan is leading the commercial efforts there. So they will be the company with a little bit more specific finger on the pulse there as we go forward.
Unidentified Analyst: Right, thanks.
James C. Mullen - President and Chief Executive Officer: Yes.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Maged Shenouda with UBS.
Maged Shenouda - UBS: Hi. So my question has to do with RITUXAN in SLE. Genentech has been cautious with regard to the ability to file for SLE with RITUXAN only with positive explorer results. I'm just wondering if you share that caution and then also realistically what labeled indication do you ultimately anticipate for the product?
James C. Mullen - President and Chief Executive Officer: Well, I'll take that one. I mean what do we ultimately and with positive results in SLE positive results in nephritis are fairly broad label. You know thats assuming lots or I guess we have to see the data. We know the first trial is... it will be analyzed relatively soon. Second trial is fully accrued, I believe. So we'll have those results in early 2009. It's of course safe to say that the agency has become quite conservative. That is not unique to this particular product or Genentech or Biogen Idec. So as its has been tougher to get things, moves to the FDA. I'd say my perception is the answer to that is, yes. Having said that you've got RITUXAN. Here is a product that's been out there for 10 years. Its been in the [inaudible] thing for a couple of years now with our RA. So it does have a broad safety experience. So I think some of the concerns that the FDA would typically bring to review like this are answered given the huge database we now have of real world experience. So with a positive outcome on the data I think you can be optimistic that you can move that through, will it require both trials, I think you assume yes until you know otherwise.
Maged Shenouda - UBS: Okay. Thank you.
Elizabeth Woo - Vice President, Investor Relations: Operator, we'll take a couple of more questions.
Operator: Thank you ma'am. At this time, your next question comes from the line of Adam Walsh with Jefferies & Company.
Adam Walsh - Jefferies & Company: Hi good morning. Jim, can you hear me, first of all.
James C. Mullen - President and Chief Executive Officer: Yes.
Adam Walsh - Jefferies & Company: Terrific. Jim, you've said in the past that we might expect to see additional PML cases with TYSABRI and I'm curious to know what your market research with neurologists had suggested that new cases of PML how they might impact prescribing behavior near-term and long-term and whether or not... remind us whether or not your 100,000 patients on TYSABRI by year-end 2010 would include an assumption of new cases? Thanks.
James C. Mullen - President and Chief Executive Officer: Yes, good question. So, I almost always get beat up by somebody whether it's on a message quarter, simply shortly after I make a statement that we should expect PML. But realistically what we have is a black box warning. We have an educational program around this specifically. And it would be just irresponsible for me to say that otherwise and it would open up this company to an enormous amount of litigation. So, until as the data continues to play out, we'll see the statistics. But once you have that kind of association label, it's going to be there. But what changes over time of course is perception of risk benefit and its not adjust the risk side of the equation, which the data plays out, but its the benefit, it's what physicians actually sees in front of them in the clinical experience over a number of patients over a significant sweep of time. Now, we've assumed in everything that we've done that we would see cases of PML. I think all of it's going to be fact and circumstances specific if its one here, one there what you learn it from the cases, if it's a cluster, what do you learn from those cases that you can then use to educate physicians about the risk or how to monitor. So, we've assumed that we would continue to see some... we have assumed now that the safety profile will continue to unfold and if you will somewhat more favorable than what's in the label, I think that's already probably statistically true today, but you know, the label-to-label until it gets changed.
Adam Walsh - Jefferies & Company: Thank you.
Elizabeth Woo - Vice President, Investor Relations: Operator, we'll take one or two more.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jason Zhang with BMO Capital.
Jason Zhang - BMO Capital: Yes. Thanks for taking my question. I actually wanted to go back to slide number 10. You gave a picture of TYSABRI users on three different sources. I assume that's a recent picture. If you compare that to the very beginning, what would be the difference, do you see the shape shifting one way or another? Do you expect to see more of the patients switch from the other interferon and [inaudible] continually going into the future?
Bill Sibold - Senior Vice President, US Neurology Business Unit: Yes. We've seen the this is Bill. The shift that we have seen in time is perhaps more patients coming from the ABCRs which we would expect that as patients are in need of more efficacy that are in current therapies that they will be switching to TYSABRI and just that data, this is looking at the end of March timeframe.
Jason Zhang - BMO Capital: And if you compare this slides, the pi-chart about a year ago, what would be the break down?
James C. Mullen - President and Chief Executive Officer: Not a huge change.
Jason Zhang - BMO Capital: Not huge difference.
James C. Mullen - President and Chief Executive Officer: No.
Jason Zhang - BMO Capital: Okay. That's very helpful. Thank you.
Elizabeth Woo - Vice President, Investor Relations: Okay. We'll take our last question.
Operator: Your last question comes from the line of George Farmer with Wachovia Securities.
George Farmer - Wachovia Securities: Hello, hi, thanks for squeezing me in. Given I guess some of the concern about the presence of JC and BK virus in CS through the spinal fluid and perhaps CRM, is there, in MS patients to with TYSABRI, is there any data out there that as looked at the normal levels of vital presence in healthy individuals. Do you know if we have, how that could be compared to the MS situation TYSABRI?
James C. Mullen - President and Chief Executive Officer: I'm not aware of any data. Well, we haven't looked at that for a few years. We extensively reviewed all of that information that was available back at the time of the withdrawal and through that summer. I just don't remember off of top of my head exactly what that data said. We also did a fairly extensive look across some MS patients from data of [inaudible] against to and there is nothing there to find. So, it's a grave answer, we will dig that out for you and try to give you some more specific references to that, may be a follow-up.
George Farmer - Wachovia Securities: Yes, I haven't seen anything, I was just wondering if you had if you guys had any data on that?
Elizabeth Woo - Vice President, Investor Relations: As Jim, referred to there is that study of the MS patients that we were not retreated and they didn't see anything in the cerebrospinal fluid. And as now we JC virus can be found in normal healthy in the plasma, but it is not meaningful in terms of any predictive or diagnostic value.
George Farmer - Wachovia Securities: Great. Thank you very much.
Elizabeth Woo - Vice President, Investor Relations: Thanks everyone for joining us on the call today.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2007 Q4  (2008-02-06 06:00:00) =====
Executives: Elizabeth Woo - VP, IR James C. Mullen - President and CEO Bill Sibold - Sr. VP Cecil Pickett - President, Research and Development Paul J. Clancy - EVP and CFO
Analysts: Joel Sendek - Lazard Capital Eric Schmidt - Cowen & Company Steven Harr - Morgan Stanley Geoff Meacham - J.P. Morgan Michael Aberman - Credit Suisse Bill Tanner - Leerink Swann Geoffrey Porges - Sanford C. Bernstein Jim Birchenough - Lehman Brothers Jason Kantor - RBC Capital Markets Mike King - Rodman & Renshaw May-Kin Ho - Goldman Sachs Yaron Weber - Citi Maged Shenouda - UBS
Operator: Good morning. My name is Dennis and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Biogen Idec fourth quarter 2007 earnings conference call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers remarks there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. I will now turn the call over to Ms. Elizabeth Woo, Vice President, Investor Relations. Please go ahead Maam.
Elizabeth Woo - Vice President, Investor Relations: Thanks Dennis. Thank you all this morning for joining us on today's Biogen Idec's earnings conference call for the fourth quarter and full-year 2007. Before we begin, I would encourage everyone to go to the investor relations section of our website, biogenidec.com and print out the press release and related financial tables. You will find these particularly useful when our CFO Paul Clancy reviews the financial results and the reconciliation to non-GAAP financial measures discussed today. We have also posted slides on the website that outlined the topic discussed on today's call. As usual we will start with the Safe Harbor statement. Comments made in this conference call includes forward-looking statements about the company's expectations regarding future financial results, including our 2008 financial guidance, our longer-term operational and financial goals, the sales potential of TYSABRI and plans for external growth and pipeline advancements. Such statements are subject to risks and uncertainties, which could cause actual results to differ materially from expectation. In particular careful consideration should be given to the risks and uncertainties that are described in our earnings release and in item 1A of the company's report of the Form 10-K and 10-Q and in other periodic internal reports, Biogen Idec files with the SEC. The company does not undertake any obligation to publicly update any forward-looking statement. In addition, because we have recently received a Board of Directors nomination and by our amendment proposal from one of our shareholders we are obliged to inform you this and to be sure that our stockholders have access to all the information they might need around this process. Today on the call Im joined by Jim Mullen, CEO of Biogen Idec, Bill Sibold, Senior Vice President, US Neurology Business Unit, Cecil Pickett, President of Research and Development and Paul Clancy, Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President of Finance. I'll now turn the call over to Jim Mullen.
James C. Mullen - President and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you Elizabeth. Good morning everyone. We are extremely proud of our accomplishments in 2007. Our revenues grew 18% and non-GAAP earnings grew by 22% and we achieved our full-year growth targets and as you know late last year we outlined our growth targets for the next few years. Weve really advanced and expanded our pipeline significantly and 2008 is shaping up to be another strong year with many meaningful clinical data readouts. So let me just expand on a couple of the accomplishments. AVONEX worldwide sales approached $1.9 million in 2007, which represented a 9% year-over-year growth, RITUXAN worldwide in-patient sales for 2007 exceeded $4.5 billion, and revenue from the related joint business topped $900 million, up 14% year-over-year. TYSABRI exceeded the fourth quarter run-rate exceeding $0.5 billion in market revenues and importantly in terms of corner out profitability in Q4. Between AVONEX and TYSABRI MS, franchise share of 40% continuous to expand and Bill Sibold the Senior Vice Present US Neurology will take you through commercial update for TYSABRI. So going into 2008, we expect to meet steady progress towards our goal of 100,000 patients on TYSABRI by year-end 2010. I'll take you to slide 8. The financial performance for 2007 was very robust and we finished with a very strong fourth quarter and I think thats despite some of the uncertainty events in the fourth quarter. We did keep everybody focused on the mission, delivered a very strong quarter both on the topline and the bottom line. Total revenue for the full-year of 2007 was almost $3.2 billion and that's 18% year-over-year increase and non-GAAP EPS was up 22%. We essentially achieved our long-term growth goals set out at the time of merger four years ago where we indicated our goal was 15%, topline company growth rate 20%, non-GAAP bottom line company growth rate, actuals are 14.4% on the topline and 22.4% on the bottom line. Now over that same full year period the stock price has increased at the company growth rate of 12% and that's only surpassed by two companies in our peer group [inaudible]. Our 2008 plan is in line to achieve the 2010 growth goals that Ive outlined late last year, 50% company growth rate on the topline and 20% company growth on the bottom line. Paul is going to walk you through the guidance for this year later on in the call. Couple of comments about the pipeline, our pipeline advanced nicely. We now 15 products in Phase II and beyond and in 2008 we will see quite a number of clinical results, Cecil will walk you through that as well. At the R&D day in May, we reviewed our pipeline review and the feedback was quite positive that the quality and quantity portfolios impressive for company of our size. Significant R&D investment has yielded a robust pipeline with three novel compounds and registrational trials, BG-12, galiximab, and lumiliximab, and two more entering those registrational trials this year was about in ADENTRI. So along with a number of other meaningful data readouts this is going to be a very exciting year for clinical data. We have built this pipeline with a balanced approach of organic development and business development and business development continues to be an important part of our strategy as it has been over the last four years. By pursuing this strategy, we've already manned the pipeline with more than 10 compounds over the past few years, which is inclusive of three acquisitions; Conforma, Syntonix, and Fumapharm. In Q3 we closed another business development deal with Cardiokine for the end of Phase II of lixivaptan program and in Q4 we signed a deal with Neurimmunie to develop antibodies for Alzheimers. I'll take you to slide 11 now. Obviously, we have significant financial capacity to conduct business development and acquisitions. Our approach to acquisitions has been highly disciplined. We look for strategic fit, add attractive valuations, valuations that allow us to generate significant returns to shareholders. In late 2006 and in early 2007 we concluded that there were no significant acquisition target that met [ph] tests our strategic fit and attract valuations and we therefore returned $3 billion to shareholders in a Dutch auction. We are continually evaluating companies for acquisition and periodically assessing our capital structure. We do occasionally see smaller acquisition targets that could be executed for cash and accommodated into our current business forecast. At this time, our valuation of the acquisition market for large companies there are no companies meets the dual test of strategic fit at attractive valuations. Now, I want to finish the introduction with a little review of the sale process conducted through the fourth quarter. I went through a very detailed description of the process at the J.P. Morgan Conference in January but I'd like to take this opportunity to review some key points again and why management and the Board and the company's advisors concluded was an appropriate action for the company to explore the level of strategic interest in Biogen Idec and to reemphasize the few key points about the process. We began the process for the following reasons. We had received expressions of interest, first, second after the MedImmune and AstraZeneca transaction. There was a prevailing view within the market, the big pharma companies were very interested in acquiring biotech companies like Biogen Idec. The timing of our process was ultimately triggered by Mr. Ikons offer and our investors which include Mr. Ikon [ph] and many others strongly encouraged us to do so. The management and the Board felt we should test the pieces in a comprehensive objective way to see whether it could result in a transaction that will result in greater returns to shareholders than the plan that we have described. Our Board in consultation with management and advisors developed an executed sale process that was professional, objective, and thorough and was designed to the illicit the highest possible value for the company's shareholders. We engaged through investment banks that were already with them there with company's business. These two investment banks happened to be the same two that executed the MedImmune and AstraZeneca transaction. These bankers provide to contact a range of potentially interested buyers close to 20 in all to solicit interest, our advisors ran a classic two-step process designed to encourage as much interest as possible in the company at the highest possible price and our bankers were fully incentivized to get a deal there. We provide the interested parties with the opportunities for thorough due diligence. There has been much said about the process but it really boils down to a discussion about sequence of events. We ran a process that dealt with the largest value drivers first and the smallest ones last. Despite the [inaudible] about this or that decision around the process all of which was done in concert with our financial advisors and other advisors. The basic fact remains that no company put a bid on the table. I think it's clear that for those few major pharmas who could afford the acquisition of our size perceived risk profile of TYSABRI at this time is simply too great. As a result company is moving forward because thats what is best for Biogen Idec and our shareholders. Were executing a comprehensive strategic plan for growth that does not rely in any single event or single approach but the compass is driving the core business, discipline, and M&A and prosecuting the pipeline. As the circumstances evolved, the Board and management will continue to explore all our opportunities with goal of maximizing value for all of our shareholders and I think as demonstrated by Q4 and the full-year 2007, the future Biogen Idec is extremely great. Ill now turn the call over to Bill Sibold, who runs our U.S. Neurology business. Bill has been with the company for six years most recently as VP, Neurology SBU, prior to that assignment, Bill was Managing Director of Australia. Bill?
Bill Sibold - Senior Vice President: Thanks Jim. Let me start off by reminding everyone that Biogen Idec has the Number 1 prescribed MS Therapy today, AVONEX, the product that has established a new level of efficacy TYSABRI which has been shown to delay the progression of disease and reduce relapses by two thirds and [inaudible] pipeline of MS compounds for the future. These strengths have translated into a strong Q4 and a strong 2007. In 2007, our global neurology business reached approximately $2.1 billion in revenue with about $600 million of that coming in the fourth quarter. This is up 20% for the full year versus 2006 and up 30% for the quarter versus the prior year. In 2007, our MS franchise continued to gain share. In the U.S. our share is now about 40% of the overall market. AVONEX remains the product to start with in most cases and TYSABRI is the product for patients needing more efficacy. Our franchise is very well positioned for the future and will continue to grow. Looking specifically at products, AVONEX remains the world's most prescribed MS therapy with over 135,000 patients worldwide. In 2007, we had a significant milestone with AVONEX as we surpassed the 1 million patient earmark. With $1.9 billion in revenue in 2007, up 9% from 2006 and over $500 million in Q4 revenue, up 15% year-over-year AVONEX remains the foundation of our global MS business. In Q4, we saw revenue growth in the U.S. of 6% year-over-year; internationally AVONEX revenue grew 26% in Q4 '07 year-over-year. In 2008 AVONEX will celebrate its 12th anniversary on the market. Market research indicates that AVONEX is the therapy option that positions most associates with patients who lead an active daily lifestyle, which is important given that MS tends to strike dose between the ages of 20 and 50. With this long-term efficacy profile, proven track record with physicians and patients and number 1 physician, AVONEX remains the product to start with. AVONEX is well positioned to continue to its success based on its ability to disrupt disease not patients life. Now TYSABRI. TYSABRI is approved in over 30 countries and has been on the market in the U.S for 18 months. It continues to grow Biogen Idecs share and the overall MS market with 405 [ph] new patients to the Biogen Idec franchise and 105 [ph] patients either returning quitters or nave patients. The global market share is now approximately 5% for TYSABRI and one of five patients either returning quitters or naive patients. The global market share is now approximately 5% for TYSABRI. Neurologists are growing increasingly comfortable with TYSABRI's benefit risk profile. As of late December, there were over 21,000 patients on therapy worldwide in the commercial and clinical trial setting. About 12,900 of the patients were in the U.S. with over 2,500 physicians prescribing here. This is twice the number of physicians that were prescribing in the U.S. at the beginning of 2007 and this number continues to grow at a strong steady pace. About 7,500 of the 21,000 patients were from international markets. While Germany and France continue to be the largest contributors, Spain, Italy, Sweden, Canada, and Switzerland are also significant contributors to TYSABRI's growth. Additionally, as of mid-December, over 6,300 patients had been on therapy for longer than one year. TYSABRI continues to build momentum in 2008 and will celebrate its two-year launch anniversary in July. Already in January, CMS issued TYSABRI a permanent J code and the FDA approved TOUCH online, which is in the process of being rolled out. TOUCH online will provide substantial benefits to our prescribers and infusion sites such as real-time access to patient data, reduce paper transactions and phone calls, and reduced administrative burden. According to research, TYSABRI is already the most switch-to product in MS. Over 50% of MS patients who switch do so because they are unsatisfied with the efficacy of their existing therapy. The majority of the remainder switch because of tolerability concerns. TYSABRI is extremely well positioned to capture both of these switcher segments and regarding switching dynamics, glatiramer acetate, with its 365 injections per year continues to be the single largest source of TYSABRI patients. Growth in 2008 will be driven by increasing the breadth and depth of TYSABRIs physicians. Those physicians already prescribing TYSABRI indicate strongly that they intend to increase their prescribing in 2008 and many of those who have not yet prescribed tell us they plan to do so in the next 12 months. Growth in 2008 will also be driven by the continuing geographic rollout. Additionally, we will see full-year benefit in 2008 of those countries such as France that launched in 2007. It is clear that neurologists and patients are increasingly choosing TYSABRI given its significant impact on clinically meaningful and relevant endpoints, including relapses and disability progression. With its market share currently growing at the fastest rate of any MS therapy, we are confident that TYSABRI will achieve the previously stated goal of 100,000 patients on therapy by year-end 2010. Of course, we will also extend our leadership position beyond 2008 with our robust pipeline that includes four products in Phase II. These products are BG-12, RITUXAN, and our CD20 franchise, oral VLA-4 inhibitor, and daclizumab. We are also expanding indications with TYSABRI. As Biogen Idec and Elan announced in January, TYSABRI has been approved by the FDA for Crohn's Disease. Our partner, Elan, is leading the commercial effort in Crohn's and we expect to launch by the end of February. Approximately 500,000 people in the U.S. have Crohn's Disease, a chronic and progressive inflammatory disease of the gastrointestinal tract, which commonly affects both men and women. Approximately 30,000 to 40,000 Crohn's patients in the U.S. are on a biologic therapy now with this number expected to grow rapidly over the next few years. Currently, there is no medical or surgical cure for the Crohn's disease. The unmet need remains high in Crohn's disease and TYSABRI provides an important option for these patients. In conclusion, with the number one prescribed MS therapy today, AVONEX, a product that has established a new level of efficacy TYSABRI and the best and broadest pipeline of MS compounds for the future, Biogen Idec is the leader in multiple sclerosis. We recognize that MS patients need more options since MS is a chronic disease and it is unlikely only one drug will be appropriate over the course of the disease. From diagnosis to disease resolution, we are massing the highest quality portfolio compound to address the unmet needs of our patients in 2008 and beyond. I will now hand the call over to Dr. Cecil Pickett, President of Research and Development.
Cecil Pickett - President, Research and Development: Thank you, Bill and good morning everyone. Today, I'll report on our recent accomplishments and upcoming data readouts. First I'll provide a review of the recent positive regulatory events and data readouts. Then I'll provide an update of some of our R&D accomplishments for the quarter. And then finally, I will close by reminding you of the upcoming data readouts, which we are expecting by the end of 2008. Starting with recent positive regulatory events and data readouts, we've had a very successful several months. First, our sBLA for TYSABRI to treat Crohn's disease was approved by the FDA on January 14. TYSABRI is now also approved for inducing and maintaining clinical response and remissions in patients with moderate-to-severe Crohn's disease with evidence of inflammation who have had an inadequate response to conventional therapies and inhibitors of TNF. Stain was successful of regulatory outcomes. We also had good news on RITUXAN. On January 25, we and our collaborators received FDA approval for RITUXAN sBLA on slowing progression of structural damage in TNF inadequate responder RA patients. We believe these are among the first clinical data on slowing structural damage in this patient population and are pleased to have the label now reflect this additional important benefit of RITUXAN in these patients. Continuing with RITUXAN and also on January 25, we and our collaborators announced positive topline results from the Phase III serine study investigating the safety and efficacy of RITUXAN in the earlier disease setting of DMARD and adequate responding RA patients. This is the first Phase III study demonstrating that RITUXAN improved symptoms of RA in patients who has not previously been treated with a biologic therapy and provide further support for B-cell therapy in RA. Also during the fourth quarter, we received positive results from the RITUXAN Phase III SUNRISE study investigating controlled retreatment of patients who are inadequate responders to TNF therapies. In this study, patients with active disease, 24 to 40-weeks following an initial course of RITUXAN were randomized to receive either a second course of RITUXAN or placebo. The primary endpoint was achieved with significantly more patients achieving an ACR20 after 48 weeks with RITUXAN treatment followed by a retreatment with RITUXAN as compared to retreatment with placebo. A preliminary review of the safety data has revealed no new safety signals. We and our collaborators look forward to sharing the full results from both these RITUXAN studies with the medical community and the FDA. Staying on RA for the moment, but moving to a novel molecule, I will mention baminercept alpha or LT beta R-Ig. On November 9, we presented as a poster the baminercept alpha Phase IIa results at the American College of Rheumatology Meeting. The data suggests clinically meaningful improvements in ACR scores in patients with RA on baminercept alpha compared with placebo. We view the results as highly encouraging and two Phase IIb RA trials are currently enrolling. A 380 patient DMARD-IR dose ranging trial at 120 patient TNF-IR trial, the primary endpoint for both trials is ACR 50 at three months and we expect to have a readout by year-end 2008. We believe there is a potential for a dosing advantage as one of the doses we are testing is a once-a-month subcutaneous dose. Next, I will mention some of our R&D accomplishments for the quarter. We continue to make good progress on enriching and advancing our pipeline. We are advancing and developing our late-stage clinical pipeline. We currently are accruing patients to our three ongoing pivotal registration programs with novel molecules, namely Lumiliximab in CLL, Galiximab in Non-Hodgkin's Lymphoma and BG-12 in relapsing remitting MS. In addition, we expect to initiate two more pivotal programs during 2008 with lixivaptan in hyponatremia and ADENTRI in acute decompensated congestive heart failure. Related to one of these late-stage programs, in January, the EMEA's Committee for Orphan Medicinal Products adopted a positive opinion recommending Lumiliximab as an orphan medicinal product for the treatment of Chronic Lymphocytic Leukemia. We expect the European Commission to adopt the recommendation this month. Next, we and our collaborators completed enrollment in the RITUXAN Image [ph] study in Q4. The primary endpoint is the change in structural damage as measured by joint X-rays at 52 weeks in early RA patients. Results from these studies are of particular interest due to the potential of impacting the course of disease by initiating B-cell mediated therapy in early RA patients. In addition, we filed INDs for TYSABRI in multiple myeloma and Anti-Cripto DM4 for solid tumors and expect to initiate human trials soon. We also continue to execute our external growth strategy. In November, we announced an agreement with Neurimmune around a novel, fully human antibody for the treatment of Alzheimer's disease focused on antibodies that bind to beta amyloid. Neurimmune will identify candidate antibodies using proprietary technology and will be responsible for the development and commercialization of the products. We believe we have a solid pipeline that is progressing well with a good balance of both risk and potential return represented. Now I will touch on data readouts. With three data readouts under our belt already in the last four months, we are expecting to see data from at least seven more clinical trials by the end of 2008. I will start by outlining anticipated readouts from new indications for RITUXAN. In the first half of 2008, we anticipate results from OLYMPUS, the RITUXIN Phase II/III study in primary progressive MS. The primary endpoint for this study is the time-to-disease progression as measured by the expanded disability status scale at 96 weeks. Also in the first half of 2008, we anticipate results from EXPLORER, the Phase III RITUXAN study in SLE. The British Isle Lupus Assessment Group scale or BILAG will be used to assess SLE disease activity in this study. We chose this scale because it has been shown to be comprehensible, reliable, sensitive to change, and effective in capturing the waxing and waning nature of lupus. Whether patients in the study have achieved and maintained a major or partial clinical response will be assessed at 52 weeks. A second lupus trial is also very near complete enrollment, the RITUXAN lupus nephritis study called LUNAR, the primary endpoint for LUNAR is renal response at 52 weeks. We also expect to see Phase II readouts in 2008 from a number of novel molecule programs, including Phase IIb data on baminercept alpha in RA, our Heat Shock Protein 90 Inhibitor and volociximab in solid tumors, BIIB14 for Parkinson's Disease and long-acting factor IX in hemophilia B. So in conclusion, I am very impressed with the caliber of our R&D team and as you have heard, 2008 will be a very active year on the R&D front. We will have on average four times as many patients in clinical trials throughout 2008 as compared to 2007. In addition, the remainder of 2008 remains poised to be a year of results and we are as eager as you to see the data. For a company this size, we have an outstanding pipeline, which includes both novel molecules potentially addressing large markets, as well as line extensions. So with that, I will hand the call over to Paul Clancy, our CFO.
Paul J. Clancy - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Thank you, Cecil. I will use this call to review our quarterly and full-year financial performance. Additionally, I will provide greater detail for our 2008 financial guidance. The GAAP financials are provided in tables 1 and 2 of the earnings release. Table 3 is a reconciliation of the GAAP to non-GAAP financial results. So let's begin with our GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliation. In accordance with Regulation G, we have provided table 3, which breaks out the adjustments by major driver. The main adjustments excluded from the non-GAAP operating expenses in Q4 were, first, we adjusted $107 million in purchase accounting charges for in-process R&D and the amortization of intangibles for the transactions outlined in table 3. Second, we adjusted $34 million in pre-tax other income due to the consolidation of Neurimmune. Third, we adjusted $9 million in pre-tax employee stock option expenses; $5 million of this adjustment is in SG&A, while the remaining $4 million in R&D. And fourth, we had a $16 million tax impact of the items I just mentioned. Now, I will move on to the non-GAAP P&L operating performance. We believe it's important to share this non-GAAP P&L with shareholders because it better represents the ongoing economics of our business, it reflects how we manage the business internally and forms the basis of our management incentive programs. In Q4, while we delivered $0.67 diluted EPS on the GAAP P&L, after the adjustments shown in table 3, our non-GAAP diluted EPS was $0.89. For full-year 2007, GAAP EPS was $1.99 and non-GAAP EPS was $2.74. Now let's move through the fourth quarter non-GAAP P&L results in a bit more detail starting with revenue. Q4 total revenue was $893 million, which represents 26% growth over the same quarter in prior year. Revenue for the full year totaled approximately $3.17 billion, which represents an 18% growth over full-year of 2006. Key drivers of this year-over-year increase include the increasing penetration of the TYSABRI business and the continued growth of the AVONEX and RITUXAN franchise. For the fourth quarter, Biogen Idecs MS franchise revenue grew by an impressive 30% over prior year. With the launch of TYSABRI, we continue to grow the MS market as new patients and former quitters joined the market. Going through our product revenues, I'll begin with AVONEX, the Number 1 worldwide MS product. Q4 AVONEX worldwide product revenue was $503 million, which represents a 15% increase over the same period last year. Worldwide AVONEX revenue for the full-year totaled almost $1.9 billion representing a 9% year-over-year growth. AVONEX U.S., Q4 US AVONEX product revenue was $279 million, which represents a 7% increase over Q4 2006. U.S. AVONEX revenue for the full-year 2007 totaled approximately $1.1 billion representing a 6% year-over-year growth rate. AVONEX U.S. inventories remained relatively steady at historical levels and essentially unchanged from quarter-end to quarter-end. Now moving to AVONEX International. Q4 International AVONEX product revenue was $224 million, which represents an increase of 26% on a year-over-year basis. International AVONEX revenue for the full-year 2007 totaled $783 million representing a 14% year-over-year growth rate. The quarterly increase in our international AVONEX business was driven by increases in unit sold and favorable foreign-exchange rates. Favorable FX moments accounted for 10% of the growth for the quarter and 9% for the year. Also of note, international revenues benefited from one-time $8 million German VAT rebate in the fourth quarter. Direct markets, which make up almost 90% of our international revenue continue to perform well and increased year-over-year by almost 32% in the fourth quarter. Now, moving to TYSABRI. Q4 TYSABRI worldwide product sales were $90 million. TYSABRI revenue for the full-year of 2007 totaled $230 million for Biogen Idec. TYSABRI in-patient revenue totaled $129 million in Q4 thus exiting the year at over $500 million run rate. As Bill highlighted, TYSABRI continues to make strong progress. TYSABRI Q4 financial highlights include U.S. end-market or end-user or in-market TYSABRI sales totaled $76 million, which represents a 31% quarter-over-quarter increase. Biogen Idec booked $37 million of this amount. International end-user for in-market TYSABRI sales totaled $53 million, which is a 51% increase from the prior quarter. Now, moving to other product revenue. Q4 ZEVALIN product sales were $3 million. In August of 2007 Cell Therapeutics announced that it would take Biogen Idecs $10 million in upfront cash for the rights to ZEVALIN plus up to an additional $20 million in future milestone payments and ongoing royalties on sales. We closed this deal late in the fourth quarter of 2007. The $10 million upfront payment will be recognized in our operating results over the term of our supply agreement. Also Q4 FUMADERM revenue was $9 million. Now moving on to the RITUXAN collaboration revenues, which is referred to as revenue from unconsolidated joint business. We recorded $254 million in revenue for the quarter, which represents an increase of 17% on a year-over-year basis. Revenue for the full year increased 14% to $926 million. This number has several elements. First, we receive our share of the U.S. RITUXAN profits. As reported by our partner Genentech, U.S. RITUXAN sales were $596 million in the fourth quarter, up 6% versus prior year. And our Q4 profit share from that business was $171 million, up 14% versus prior year. I should note that this includes a $10 million payment associated with Roche opting into the relapsing-remitting MS development plan. Second, we received royalty revenue on the sales of rituximab outside the U.S. And in Q4 this was $69 million, up 33% versus prior year. Third, we reimbursed $14 million for selling and development costs incurred related to RITUXAN. As indicated by our partner Genentech, total U.S. RITUXAN sales approached $2.3 billion for the year, a 10% increase over 2006. Genentech further indicated that full-year RITUXAN sales in the U.S. included $240 million to $260 million of sales in the immunology setting. This represents an 80% to 90% growth over 2006, driven by increased patient share in the anti-TNF setting. Now moving to royalties. Q4 royalties were $33 million for the quarter and $102 million for the year. Our quarter-over-quarter growth rate was driven in large part by our royalty stream from ANGIOMAX. Let me provide a bit more detail. The Medicines Company pays Biogen Idec a royalty on ANGIOMAX sales, which increases as we exceed sales targets during the year. If we pass through one of these sales targets, the new higher royalty rate is applied to total sales since the beginning of the year. We exceeded one of these targets in Q4, which resulted in a stepped-up royalty payment in the fourth quarter and retroactively applied to sales from January 1. Now turning to the expense lines on the non-GAAP P&L. Q4 COGS were $88 million or 10% of revenue. During Q4, we benefited by selling the remaining TYSABRI inventory, which had been fully written off when we removed TYSABRI from the market in 2005. As we move into 2008, all future TYSABRI sales will be at a full cost associated with production. Q4 R&D expense was $226 million or 25% of revenues. R&D spend for the full year totaled $911 million, which was about 29% of full-year revenue and increased 30% on a year-over-year basis. The increase in R&D spend is very much a function of our robust development pipeline, both due to the advancement of our internal programs as well as the continued successful execution of our business development strategy. Q4 SG&A expenses were $188 million representing 21% of revenues. And this was a 4% year-over-year increase. SG&A spending was flat on an absolute dollars basis and declined as a percentage of revenue when compared to Q3. As we mentioned during last earnings call we initiated a major TYSABRI marketing effort in the U.S. and Europe last year. As revenue has continued to grow we are benefiting from increasing leverage of these investments. Continuing down the P&L, our collaboration profit-sharing line totaled $14 million in expense for the quarter. As a reminder this line represents Biogen Idec's payment of 50% of the profits outside the U.S. to Elan and the reimbursement of the third party royalties incurred by Elan outside the U.S. We expect this number to continue to grow in the coming quarters reflecting the growing profitability of our international TYSABRI business. Q4 other income and expense was $2 million expense, a significant change to our '08 lines in the same period last year is the impact of our $3 billion share repurchase. Q4 tax rate on a non-GAAP basis was 29%, our full-year non-GAAP tax rate is 28%. This includes the $15 million Q2 reduction in tax liabilities associated with the IRS audits for fiscal years 2003 and 2004. This brings us to our Q4 non-GAAP diluted EPS of $0.89 and our full-year non-GAAP EPS of $2.74. Now, I'd like to conclude by providing more detail for 2008 guidance. We expect the annual revenue to increase 15% to 20% over 2007 as TYSABRI continues to penetrate the market. Non-GAAP R&D is expected to be 26% to 28% of total revenue and non-GAAP SG&A is expected to be 21% to 23% of total revenue. In total the combination of R&D and SG&A expenses for the year should be in the range of $1.9 billion to $2 billion. Major drivers of this year-over-year increase include a number of commercial investments including the TYSABRI Crohn's launch and geographic expansion of our international neurology commercial infrastructure. Additionally, the continued advancement of our pipeline, both from the maturation of our organic programs and the execution of our business development strategy which as you know is very much deal dependent. While we expect R&D as a percent of revenue will be lower than our 2007 levels, we are planning on a greater than 4 times increase in the number of patients in clinical trials when comparing 2007 to 2008. Additionally, I have excluded our collaboration profit line from our $1.9 billion to $2 billion expense guidance for 2008. I should note that we do expect this express line to grow in line with the TYSABRI uptake outside the U.S. I'd like to note that we expect to see the impact of several investments on OpEx in the first half of 2008. These investments include the temporary shutdown of our large-scale manufacturing facility as we initiate the TYSABRI high-titre production process, upfront commercial activities associated with the TYSABRI Crohn's disease launch, and over $10 million in development of milestones in Q1 the largest of which is an $8 million payment related to Neurimmunie deal. Our non-GAAP tax rate is expected to be between 28 %and 30%, included is an assumption that the R&D tax credit legislation will be renewed, as you know the R&D tax credit was originally introduced 25 years ago to boost spending for research. The credit has always been temporary with Congress renewing it each time it expired. The R&D tax credit expired at the end of 2007 and we expect it to be renewed and applied to the full year. Should this legislation be renewed later in the year, it may impact our quarterly tax rate for the first quarters of the year. Non-GAAP diluted EPS is expected to be in the range of $3.20 to $3.35, which represents a 17% to 22% year-over-year growth rate. GAAP EPS is expected to be in the range of $2.23 to $2.38. Overall, our full-year 2008 guidance provides strong topline and bottom line growth and is an important stepping stone in achieving our longer-term operating and financial goals. So, in conclusion, 2007 was a year of strong results. Our topline revenue grew 26% for the quarter and 18% for the full year. Our non-GAAP EPS grew at 68% for the quarter and 22% for the year. Now I'll hand the call over to Jim for his closing comments.
James C. Mullen - President and Chief Executive Officer: Thanks, Paul. In 2008, we will continue to execute upon the key drivers of business performance. The first of which is to continue to grow the MS franchise and that's going to be driven primarily by increasing depth and breadth of TYSABRI usage both in the U.S. and internationally. Importantly, by year-end, a couple thousand patients will have been on commercial therapy for two years, which will provide prescribers with a better understanding of the impact of duration on TYSABRI's safety profile. Second major focus area is moving our pipeline programs forward with a number of important data readouts on late-stage programs over the coming months. In the first half of this year, we expect topline results for RITUXAN primarily for progressive MS and lupus to become available. Positive results in these indications have the potential to be significant drivers of future growth for RITUXAN's autoimmune franchise. In summary, I think we are moving into 2008 with a very strong momentum and we are confident we can achieve our 2010 goals just as we have over the past four years. With that, Elizabeth, let's open up for Q&A.
Elizabeth Woo - Vice President, Investor Relations: Thank you. Operator, we're ready now to open up the call to Q&A. Wed ask participants on the call to limit themselves to one question and then re-enter the queue for follow-up. Please state your name and company affiliation. So Denis we can now take the first question. Question and Answer
Operator: Thank you. The first question will come from line of Joel Sendek with Lazard Capital.
Joel Sendek - Lazard Capital Markets: Hi, thanks a lot. On the pipeline, I'm wondering if you could give us some update on the enrollment for the registration trials on lumiliximab, and galiximab and I didn't see in the slides when that data might come out presumably it's '09, if you can give us an update there? Thanks.
James C. Mullen - President and Chief Executive Officer: Yeah. Lumiliximab enrollment is going very well, patient accruals going extremely well. We anticipate a clinical readout in more than likely, the first quarter of '09, somewhere in that timeline. Galiximab I think I have mentioned previously what galiximab that enrollment initially was slow to take off. Over the past few months though it has increased quite significantly. So now we are very pleased with the overall patient accrual on galiximab.
Joel Sendek - Lazard Capital Markets: And the data there?
James C. Mullen - President and Chief Executive Officer: I think it's 2010.
Joel Sendek - Lazard Capital Markets: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of Eric Schmidt with Cowen & Company.
Eric Schmidt - Cowen & Company: Yeah congratulations on a strong fourth quarter. My question is on AVONEX pricing, I'm not sure who to direct this to, but could someone please comment on whether the pricing environment of the U.S. remains its actually wide open and whether we should expect '08 price hikes that are I guess on where what we've seen in 2007, also interested in whether U.S. pricing has changed at all over the last 12 months ex-U.S. pricing as well?
James C. Mullen - President and Chief Executive Officer: Sure, Ill handle that, and as you know by policy, we don't really comment on forward-looking pricing. The pricing. youve seen what the pricing happened in the U.S., there may be, I think the environment is still actually fairly good in the U.S., in particular given where we are relative to the other products, ex-U.S., I think overall by our mix, our pricing is probably up a little bit on average, but that's really a mix question because the pricing hasnt really changed much in international market on a market-by-market basis.
Eric Schmidt - Cowen & Company: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of Steve Harr with Morgan Stanley.
Steven Harr - Morgan Stanley: The ex-U.S. numbers were up significantly more sequentially than FX would suggest in the $8 million from Germany. Was there any change in inventory or any other special items that might have accounted for that?
Paul J. Clancy - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Steve, no significant change in inventory that we can see. As you know we don't have as a tighter visibility as we do in the U.S. And as a result, we are not able to kind of provide that. But we didn't see any significant change in inventory. So I think its just, the business has done very well and kind of the marketing messages are really holding firm and we are benefiting from kind of slowly but surely geographic expansions including Eastern Europe and other places around the world.
Steven Harr - Morgan Stanley: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of Geoff Meacham with J.P. Morgan.
Geoffrey Meacham - J.P. Morgan: Hi, guys. Thanks for taking my question. Question for you on TYSABRI, can you talk little bit about the fourth quarter drivers in Europe particularly and are you seeing greater traction in U.K., Italy, these are the countries I think that rolled on second half? And then, just a quick follow-up to that is there any early feedback, where these patients were coming from in Europe, is it similar to the U.S.?
James C. Mullen - President and Chief Executive Officer: Sure. Geoff. This is Jim. I will take that. In every one of the markets, I think you've heard me use this analogy before so did the same store sales, places where we been launched for six months, we see pattern much as we are seeing in the U.S. increasing breadth in prescribing and increasing debt, and the more they use it in an account, the more than they want use it. Pretty much a similar pattern and of the markets that rolled out in the latter part of the year with France and Italy, while we always hear a lot about the U.K. because of nice, the U.K. is typically a laggard market because even with a nice green light as we have now with TYSABRI, you still have to go NHS region by region to the 22 regions to make sure that there is actual reimbursement at the local level in funding. So that's going pretty well. Did you have any other to try to add to that?
Geoffrey Meacham - J.P. Morgan: The question about where the patients are coming from, is it?
James C. Mullen - President and Chief Executive Officer: Oh, yeah. I'm sorry, the patients, as you know, we've said pretty consistently four or five in the U.S. are new to franchise. Its actually a little higher than outside the U.S. and again a lot of switching mostly from in larger market share from [inaudible] but there is a little less penetration in the market. So there is probably new there's a bigger chunk of newer patients as well.
Geoffrey Meacham - J.P. Morgan: Okay. Thanks.
James C. Mullen - President and Chief Executive Officer: Yeah.
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of Michael Aberman with Credit Suisse.
Michael Aberman - Credit Suisse: Hi, guys, thanks. Congratulations on a good quarter. Can you comment there is a report in New England Journal this week about a couple of cases melanoma and the potential for capacity added to label, have you had any discussions with the FDA about melanoma risk of TYSABRI?
Cecil Pickett  President, Research and Development: No, we have not any discussions with the agency about melanoma risk. I think it's important to sort of put those two cases in some kind of context with regard to our clinical trial experience. I think overall the occurrence in our clinical trials of malignancies are similar in TYSABRI treated and placebo groups. There has been there has been a single case of melanoma during placebo controlled clinical trial experience in a male patient but that patient had a lesion present at first dose. So I think it's something that we will certainly monitor. As I think I've said before, I think our risk management program on TYSABRI through touch is an incredible risk management program probably one of the best in the industry and we'll continue to monitor safety and update the label as appropriate.
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of Bill Tanner with Leerink Swann.
William Tanner - Leerink Swann: Thanks for taking the question. Jim, just a question for you, I guess with contemplated changes in the Board that the sale process might be revisited and kind of based on your comments at the beginning of the call about what may have been the sticking issue about discomfort about TYSABRI, I guess the question is what is the likelihood of a different outcome and secondly how do you sort of view this potentially, having to renew this process in terms of any disruption to the company, it sounds like the last iteration was somewhat painless. So I was just curious your thoughts on those process?
James C. Mullen - President and Chief Executive Officer: Well, somewhat painless is probably an overly optimistic description of the last process. So, look one of the issues that we need to deal with is when youve got topline growth rates and bottom line growth rates and this is how do we keep people focused on the bowl [ph] and how we recruit great talent to continue the momentum in the business. Certainly a lot of distractions around that aren't helpful for that or for business development. What I say is look that the initial pieces has been thoroughly tested for the time being. We as a Board management, continued to remain open to all of the opportunities to maximize the shareholder value. But I don't think the right way to run the business is to have for anybody's sake, there are permanent for sales line out on the front lawn. So, I think we have to get back to the business focus on prosecuting going forward and if the circumstances and conditions change we will address those at that time.
William Tanner - Leerink Swann: Okay, I guess our med payments in terms of employee turnover, but that seems not be much of a problem last time?
James C. Mullen - President and Chief Executive Officer: Well, employee turnover is it's a lagging indicator. So, while the third and fourth quarter were pretty solid. I'm actually more interested in what happens in the first six months of this year because every headhunter use that as a opening to call everybody in the place. So it's a little hard to judge what the impact of that is just at this time. I think that remains to be seen.
William Tanner - Leerink Swann: Okay, thank you.
James C. Mullen - President and Chief Executive Officer: You're welcome.
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of Geoffrey Porges with Sanford Bernstein.
Geoffrey Porges - Sanford C. Bernstein: Yes, thanks. Just a follow-up a little bit Jim. Could you you made some quick comments about the M&A and you looked to rounded opportunities and something that were not a good strategic fit or not appropriately priced. Does that reflect your current sentiment and strategic intent or what kind of things do you think it would be worthwhile to add to your current portfolio of products and capabilities?
James C. Mullen - President and Chief Executive Officer: Well, I guess first off, I mean, we're always interested in with the financial strength that we had, we're always interested at adding important products and they come in different forms, Neuroimmune was an interesting opportunity to get in the Alzheimers space and we took advantage of that, always interested in later-stage opportunities. Of course, we're focused in oncology, neurology sort of the autoimmune diseases, in cardiology I'd say those are the four places we continue to look for product. From the capabilities point of view, anything that could augment our R&D abilities and small molecules, we might be interested in. We got a good strength in biologics but small molecules is not yet strong as biologics backbone. And things that help us continue to globalize the business would also be interesting. But we're going to stay disciplined to things that meet the strategy that we really think at the valuations that they can be acquired, give us an opportunity to see a significant step up in value and that's partly dependent on what phase it's in, if it's very early on we go to see big opportunities, if it's a later stage product it will be sort of more two ex-kind of step-up opportunities that we're going to look for. At this moment in time, in terms of acquisitions that would require us to take. use either equity or take on more debt, I just don't see any right at this moment that need both the dual test of strategic fit and attractive valuations. There are things that are strategically interesting and well go in detail and we will continue track those, both in large and small. But at this point in time, my view really hasn't changed from where it was about a year ago. There arent big targets out there that are both interesting and attractive evaluation.
Geoffrey Porges - Sanford C. Bernstein: Thanks very much.
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of Jim Birchenough with Lehman Brothers.
Jim Birchenough - Lehman Brothers: Hi guys. Just wondering if you could provide any comment on sizing the primary progress of MS market as well as the Lupus market that could be come available if trials are successful? And whether the capacity is adequate on the manufacturing side to deal with any surge there?
James C. Mullen - President and Chief Executive Officer: This is a RITUXAN question. The primary progressive of MS, its thought that primary progressive forms of MS are perhaps about 10% to 50% of the total numbers of patients. So think of that has 150,000 patients plus/minus between North America and Eastern and Western Europe. So, now having said that there is very little healthy patients out. So I think if you were to see some positive results for RITUXAN particularly given the utilization that you've already seen in RA, you might see a fairly significant uptake for that product in that space. With respect to Lupus, we think that that is a pretty large opportunity. There is 425,000 diagnosed SLE patients in the U.S. Again not allowed to help them other than sort of the old line immunosuppressants and we do know that based on some of the safety surveys and things we've done around RITUXAN that there is some amount of label use already. In Lupus, I think there is some experiences and believe there. I think that's an opportunity with strong trial results that could be cite like an MS opportunity to be honest, kind of a multibillion dollar opportunity but its still dependent on what the outcomes look like. And as you know Lupus has been a particularly difficult place to do clinical trials and get a positive outcomes. Having said that, you got to like the odds of a products like RITUXAN, its got a track record both in the oncology setting that's more recently in the autoimmune setting. So I think that's pretty interesting. On the production side, I am not its probably a better question for Genentech, but really not a word that we have got any significant limitations and ability to manufacturers to supply in those markets. And if need be Biogen Idec could performs some of that but we have not been requested to do so.
Jim Birchenough - Lehman Brothers: Okay. Thanks.
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of Jason Kantor with RBC Capital Markets.
Jason Kantor - RBC Capital Markets: Hi, and thanks for taking my call. I wanted to go back to this question about M&A that you might have been looking out and passed on. How much of your guidance for 2010 is dependent on completing any kind of new acquisition, or are your basing that entirely on what you have today?
James C. Mullen - President and Chief Executive Officer: The 2010 top and bottom line is coming from the three major products you can touch today, RITUXAN, AVONEX, and TYSABRI. We may see, one or more of these other products get launched in the tail end of that, but its not going to have any significant impact for this three-year time frame. So from that perspective 0% of that topline is dependent on business development. any business development activities.
Jason Kantor - RBC Capital Markets: Okay. So, then it is more highly dependent on this Lupus and primary progress of MS data that's coming up?
James C. Mullen - President and Chief Executive Officer: Well, I'm not sure I would characterize it that way. I mean, we think it would be RA, we have gotten a we expect to get an approval label there in the [inaudible]. I think we're hopeful in Lupus, we are hopeful in the primary progressive, but I don't think those are absolute must haves to continue grow that business. In TYSABRI we do expect we continue to be very bullish about the 100,000 patients. The majority of that coming from MS, but we do expect decent contribution from Crohns as well.
Jason Kantor - RBC Capital Markets: And is --
James C. Mullen - President and Chief Executive Officer: Sorry, go ahead, Jason.
Jason Kantor - RBC Capital Markets: Is there an assumption for the RITUXAN profit share that there is any kind of decrease with Genentech in that timeframe?
James C. Mullen - President and Chief Executive Officer: Well, the assumption that we continue to build into our long-term models is the one that you guys have all modeled out there, but the step down as the practical matter probably doesn't occur in this timeframe, because it depends on volociximab coming to the market or the next CD20 products, and that's probably not in the 2010 timeframe.
Jason Kantor - RBC Capital Markets: Thank you.
James C. Mullen - President and Chief Executive Officer: Yes.
Operator: Your next question will comes from the line of Mike King with Rodman & Renshaw.
Michael King - Rodman & Renshaw: Hi, good morning and thanks for taking my question. I guess, can I you guys give some nice color on the ex-U.S. sales of AVONEX, but I guess Im still little unclear about what happened in the U.S. since script seemed to decline on a quarter-on-quarter basis. So I'm wondering if you could perhaps address any I know Eric Schmidt asked about price increases. Could you go over price increases again, as well as any inventory change that may have take place in the quarter? Thank you.
Paul J. Clancy - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Yeah. Sure, Mike. No inventory changes from a quarter-to-quarter basis and essentially our inventory levels have remained very much in a tight band of what we have done over the last number of quarters. The business certainly did benefit from couple of price increases that were taken later in the second half of the year, those are pretty well disclosed out there. So it did benefit from that, but we also did see from a unit prospective, a level of buoyancy that was kind of indicated some positive trends.
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of May-Kin Ho with Goldman Sachs.
May-Kin Ho - Goldman Sachs: Hi, I just have a question on Neurimmune. What do you see in the antibody program there that's shading versus other programs outlined?
Cecil Pickett - President, Research and Development: Yes, this is one of the... this is one of the few antibodies that recognize a conformational from of Ab [ph] data that is found in plaques in Alzheimer's patients versus recognizing circulating Ab data. So we feel that recognizing Ab data in plaques is a much more meaningful form of Ab data that contributes to Alzheimer's disease and hence that was our influence in this antibody, potentially there are some safety advantages, but it really is focused on the conformational form Ab data thats seen in plaques.
Elizabeth Woo - Vice President, Investor Relations: Operator, we will take one or two more questions.
Operator: Thank you. The next question will come from the line of Yaron Weber with Citi.
Yaron Weber - Citi: Yes, hi. I just have some quick housekeeping question, can you give us a sense to what the FX impact was in the quarter and year-to-date? And then also just a question on COGS can you give us little bit of sense, what should we expect in COGS on '08 or maybe just help us understand a little bit, how much of benefit you have been getting from using inventories that you have written off in the past?
Paul J. Clancy - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Yes, this is Paul. In specific to the AVONEX sales, the favorable foreign exchange improvements accounted for about 10% of the growth in the quarter and about 9% of the growth for the full year, that would be the FX impact. With respect to the cost, we certainly in the fourth quarter benefited from essentially having some of the TYSABRI inventory using some of the TYSABRI inventory that was previously written off. Going forward that won't be the case weve kind of gone through all of that product and going into the Q1 we will actually see some burden on the P&L for TYSABRI COGS. I think the way we think about it is that the cost of goods sold or the gross margin percentage line will materially change from a year-to-year basis.
Yaron Weber - Citi: And just a follow-up. When you say 10% growth in AVONEX, I guess what I am confused about, are you talking about year-over-year or quarter-over-quarter, or would assume it's year-over-year?
Paul J. Clancy - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Year-over-year for the quarter. for the given quarter.
Yaron Weber - Citi: Thank you very much.
Paul J. Clancy - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Yes.
Operator: And this morning's final question will come from the line of Maged Shenouda with UBS.
Maged Shenouda - UBS: Sure thanks. Most of my questions have been answered, but just a small item. What is the breakpoint for the step up in ANGIOMAX royalties?
Paul J. Clancy - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: It is actually a number of breakpoints. We actually don't disclose those breakpoint. I think, if you looked at the ANGIOMAX sales what they did in the year, we pushed right through kind of midway through the fourth quarter.
Maged Shenouda - UBS: Thank you.
Elizabeth Woo - Vice President, Investor Relations: Thank you everyone for joining us on the call today.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this does concludes the Biogen Idec fourth quarter 2007 earnings conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2007 Q3  (2007-10-23 08:30:00) =====
Executives:
 : Jim Mullen - CEO Bob Hamm - EVP Cecil Pickett andPresident of R&D Paul Clancy - CFO
Analysts: Geoff Meacham - J.P. Morgan Mark Schoenebaum - Bear Stearns Joel Sendek - Lazard CapitalMarkets Jim Birchenough - Lehman Brothers Eric Schmidt - Cowen and Company Bill Tanner - Leerink Swann May-Kin Ho - Goldman Sachs Steve Harr - Morgan Stanley Mike King - Rodman & Renshaw Michael Aberman - Credit Suisse Ian Somaiya - Thomas WeiselPartners Maged Shenouda - UBS
Operator: Good morning, my name is Raginaand I will be your conference operator today. At this time I would like towelcome everyone to the Third Quarter 2007 Earnings Call. All lines have beenplaced on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks,there will be a question-and-answer session. (Operator Instructions). Thankyou. Mr. Keith Regnante, Director of Investor Relations, you may begin yourconference.
Keith Regnante: Thank you. Thank you and welcometo Biogen Idec's earnings conference call for the third quarter of 2007. Beforewe begin I would encourage everyone to go to the Investor Relations section ofour website biogenidec.com, to print out the press release and relatedfinancial tables.  You will find these particularlyuseful when our CFO, Paul Clancy, reviews the financial results and thereconciliation to non-GAAP financial measures discussed today. We have alsoposted slides on our website that outline the topics discussed on today's call. As usual, we will start with the Safe Harborstatement. Comments made on this conference call include forward-lookingstatements about the company's expectations regarding future financial results,including our 2007 financial guidance, our longer term operational andfinancial goals, the sales potential of TYSABRI and RITUXAN, and plans forexternal growth and pipeline advancements. Such statements are subject to risksand uncertainties which could cause actual results to differ materially fromexpectations. In particular, careful consideration should be given to the risksand uncertainties that are described in our earnings release and in Item 1A ofthe company's quarterly reports on Form 10-Q and in other periodic and currentreports Biogen Idec files with the SEC. The company does not undertake anyobligation to publicly update or -- any forward-looking statements.  Today on the call I'm joined byJim Mullen, CEO of Biogen Idec, Bob Hamm, Executive Vice President, CecilPickett, President of R&D, and Paul Clancy, our CFO and Executive VicePresident of Finance Now I will turn the call over toJim Mullen.
Jim Mullen: Thank you, Keith, good morningeveryone. We have had an eventful few weeks at Biogen Idec, we will use thiscall to take you through the details of our quarter, as well as touch on someof the larger topics. I will mention just a few highlights before I turn thecall over to Bob, Cecil, and Paul.  To start, our business plan isworking; we're making progress on our goals for the year. Specifically we aredriving continued revenue growth, successfully expanding TYSABRI use in both US andinternationally and the pipeline is progressing well.  We closed another business developmentdeal with Cardiokine for the end of Phase II lixivaptan program. The upfrontfee was $50 million, which we told you about on the last call, and that was$0.11 for the quarter. The major disappointment in my view was the AVONEXsales, which were weak in August in both the US and some of our foreign tendermarkets but has rebounded nicely in September.  Overall the year is unfolding asplanned and we are on track to meet our full year 2007 financial guidance,which we raised last quarter. Further, we remain confident, we are wellpositioned to meet our long term goals out to 2010, which include delivering onthe strong revenue growth, specifically this means 15% top line growth drivenin part by the 100,000 patients on TYSABRI by year end 2010.  We also expect to see 40% of the company'srevenue coming from the international business. So that is up from 30%,approximately 30% today. The next goal is building, continuing to build arobust pipeline and executing on the clinical development. We are well on ourway towards achieving this goal with 15 product candidates in Phase II clinicaltrials or beyond and at least 10 data readouts through the end of 2008.  The goal by 2010 is to file atleast two additional indications for the CD20 franchise, and have two newproducts or major indications launched. You will hear more on the pipeline fromCecil on this call.  Additionally, we're aiming forstrong financial performance. This means leverage the top line growth anddeliver 20% non-GAAP EPS compounded annual growth rate from '07 through 2010.  Now, as I am sure you are awarewe have started a process to explore a possible sale of the company. Let mayremind you that both management and the Board are confident that the businessoutlook for Biogen Idec as a stand-alone company will result in attractivevalue for shareholders and we believe our strategy is working and has beengenerating and will generate strong operating and financial performance. But wedo operate in a larger environment with large multinational pharmaceuticalcompanies and after several expressions of interest, including by Mr. Icahn,the Board has authorized management to explore whether a potential sale to athird-party might result in superior value to shareholders at this time. Whilewe cannot provide many details beyond what was in the October 12 press releasewe will say that a process like this typically takes a number of months to playout, and we will work to get through this process as quickly as is reasonable.  Finally, it's important to remindeverybody that there is no guarantee that an acquisition of the company willoccur at the end of this process. With that said we will spend the remainder ofour time walking through our Q3 performance, as well as, providing a bit moredetail on our 2010 operating and financial goals.  And I will now hand the call overto Bob Hamm.
Bob Hamm: Thanks, Jim. Let me start off byreminding everyone of what we have reminded people of in the past but it bearsrepeating, at Biogen Idec we have the number one prescribed MS therapy today inAVONEX. Two, we have the product to establish a new level of efficacy, TYSABRI,which has been shown to delay the progression of the disease and reducerelapses by two-thirds. And finally, we have the best and broadest pipeline ofMS compounds for the future.  As Jim has mentioned, our goal isto generate revenue growth at a 15% compound annual growth rate and non-GAAPEPS at a 20% compounded annual growth rate from 2007 through 2010. Clearly theneurology business, which currently has a run rate of over $2 billion in annualrevenue is a key contributor to that goal.  Specifically, I would like tocomment on three of the key drivers. First, continued solid performance ofAVONEX, the world's leading MS treatment. In May, AVONEX celebrated its 11thanniversary and remains the world's most prescribed therapy with over 135,000patients worldwide. It remains the foundation of our global MS business, whichhad $518 million in revenue this quarter, growing 12% year-over-year. Combinedmarket share of AVONEX and TYSABRI is approximately 40% in the US andis expected to grow.  Second achieving the milestone of100,000 patients on TYSABRI by year end 2010, TYSABRI has now been on themarket in the USfor almost 15 months and is available in many European and other countries.Another significant milestone has recently been achieved with over 17,000patients on therapy worldwide in the commercial and clinical settings and over2,100 physicians prescribing in the US alone, including 94 of the top100 based on IMA volume.  Momentum continues to build withmore and more patients starting therapy, and more and more physiciansprescribing everyday. We are confident that TYSABRI will achieve the goal of100,000 patients on the therapy by year end 2010.  Finally, continued geographicdiversification of its revenue base with more than 40% of revenue frominternational business by 2010. Our neurology business already derives asignificant portion of revenues from outside the US with international revenuesrepresenting over 40% of the total. We will continue to rapidly expand ourglobal footprint and drive results, beyond 2010.  We are currently the leader inMS, and we will extend our leadership position into 2010 and beyond with ourrobust pipeline that has four products in Phase II or beyond, those beingBG-12, RITUXAN 2H7, oral VLA-4 and daclizumab.  Turning to TYSABRI andsummarizing the results; TYSABRI continues to build momentum, as many of youare aware we had a significant presence at ECTRIMS this year, where weannounced that as of the end of September there are over 17,000 patients ontherapy globally, including 10,500 in the US, 5,500 in EU, and around 1,000in clinical trials. As anticipated summer was slower in Europe,we will continue to accelerate uptake as the number of prescribing physiciansand the number of countries with reimbursement increases throughout theremainder of 2007.  We now have the over 2,000patients on therapy for longer than one year and no new reports of confirmedcase of PML as of mid-September. The AFFIRM study showed that 64.3% ofTYSABRI-treated patients were disease-free or without relapses and disabilityprogression. And 36.7% had no relapses, disability progression, or MRIactivity. Additionally, results from the PLEX study suggest that plasmaexchange may be an effective means of accelerating the removal of TYSABRI fromthe blood serum.  We are also moving forward withclinical trials to support the TYSABRI marketing effort. In order to definitivelyshow the efficacy of TYSABRI compared to marketed competitors, we're planninghead-to-head switching trials. Additionally, we're concerned that patients maybe experiencing delays before moving to the most effective therapy and we aredesigning trials to potentially address this. We plan to initiate thesehead-to-head switching trials in early 2008.  It is clear that neurologists andpatients are increasingly choosing TYSABRI given its significant impact onclinically meaningful and relevant endpoints, including relapses and disabilityprogression.  Turning to the US and the source of patients in the US, four out offive patients prescribed TYSABRI are new to the Biogen Idec franchise.One-third of TYSABRI patients are returning quitters and naive patients, whichis expanding the market. As we have reported in previous earnings calls,glatiramer acetate, with its 365 injections per year, continues to be thesingle largest source of TYSABRI patients year-to-date. Internationally, about 5,500patients were on therapy in Europe as of theend of September. Germany, France, Italy,and Greececontinue to provide the majority of new patients being dosed with TYSABRI. Asof the end of August, we estimate TYSABRI to achieve a 4.4% MS market share inGermany, 7% in Sweden, 6.4% in Denmark, 6% in Ireland, 6% in Greece, and in acouple of months 2% in France.  It is expected that the momentumin international markets will continue to accelerate throughout the year,driven by France,which launched in early June. It is the second largest MS market in Europe and is currently our number two market in terms ofTYSABRI-treated patients.  In the UK, the National Institute forHealth and Clinical Excellence has recommended the use of TYSABRI to treatpeople with highly active relapsing-remitting MS in recognition of its superiorcost and efficacy benefits. Reimbursement has been approved on a national levelalthough widespread reimbursement availability will likely start in Q4. TYSABRIis the first treatment for MS to be recommended for use by NICE.  Since the last earnings callTYSABRI has received approval in New Zealandand reimbursement in the UKand Belgium.Czech Republicand Sloveniaare expected to launch in Q4 '07 with reimbursement expected in early '08. Theinternational rollout is expected to continue throughout 2007 and into 2008with 23 countries expected to have launched by the end of this year.  Key launch countries in 2008should include several of our distributor markets in Latin America and theMiddle East, as well as, Australia.On slide 16, we show the TYSABRI end user sales. We're making solid progress inboth the USand international, as you can see from the ramp of in-market or end user salesin MS.  Turning to Crohn's, as weannounced last week Biogen Idec and our partner on TYSABRI Crohn's, Elan, havebeen informed by the FDA that the agency requires additional time to reviewinformation regarding the proposed TYSABRI risk management for Crohn's disease.Under this revised timeline the companies anticipate action from FDA on orbefore January 13, 2008. Approximately 1 million people worldwide have Crohn'sdisease, a chronic and progressive inflammatory disease of the gastrointestinaltract which commonly affects both men and women. Currently there is no medicalor surgical cure for Crohn's disease, many patients fail to respond to currenttherapies including biologic therapies such as the TNF alphas.  Due to this failure of currenttherapies in CD, therapies such as TYSABRI that have novel biological targetsare required. In addition we continue to work on other indications for TYSABRIincluding exploring potential applications in oncology.  Moving over to AVONEX, AVONEXremains the most prescribed therapy worldwide and the number one therapy in theUSfor more than 10 years. Although we saw a slight dip in the current quarterleading to a drop in the AVONEX US revenue of 0.7% year-over-year, market sharein the UShas remained extremely stable for the past 12 months.  We're beginning to see the impactof TYSABRI on the ABCR market in the US, which is now flat to decliningon a year-over-year basis. Internationally AVONEX revenue grew at 7% in Q3 '07year-over-year, with its long-term efficacy profile including many years ofexperience in the physician and patient communities and its number oneposition, AVONEX remains the product to start with. Of course, for those whoneed more efficacy TYSABRI is the appropriate choice.  With the number one prescribed MStherapy today in AVONEX, a product that has established a new level of efficacyin TYSABRI, and the best and broadest pipeline of MS compounds for the future,we are the leaders in MS. We continue to recognize MS patients need moreoptions since they will have this disease for decades and it is unlikely onlyone drug will be appropriate over the course of their disease. From diagnosisto disease resolution we're amassing the highest quality portfolio of compoundsto address the unmet needs of people with MS to 2010 and beyond.  I will now hand the call over toDr. Cecil Pickett, our President of R&D.
Cecil Pickett: Thank you, Bob. This quartermarks my one-year anniversary with Biogen Idec and I continue to be impressedby the caliber of our R&D team. I also feel good about the strength,continued progression, and balance of our pipeline, which includes both lineextensions and novel molecules addressing potentially large markets.  Today, I would like to report onour recent accomplishments and upcoming data readouts. First I will provide anupdate on some of our R&D accomplishments for the quarter, then, from amongthe 15 programs we have in late-stage development, I will summarize twonear-term data readouts. Specifically, I will focus on the daclizumab Phase IICHOICE data that was recently presented at the ECTRIMS meeting and theLT-beta-R-Fc Phase IIa data which will be presented at the American Collegeof Rheumatology meeting in November. Finally I will close by reminding you ofthe several upcoming data readouts, which we're expecting by the end of 2008.  Starting with our R&Daccomplishments for the quarter; we at Biogen Idec continue to make strongprogress on enriching and advancing our pipeline. We continue to advance anddevelop our clinical pipeline. We continue to accrue patients in ourregistration stage programs of lumiliximab in CLL, volociximab in NHL, andBG-12 in relapsing-remitting MS. We also achieved first-patient-in milestonesfor several programs, including a BIIB14 Phase IIa trial in Parkinson's;voluciximab or M200 Phase II ovarian cancer trial, and LT-beta-R-Fc Phase IIbprogram.  In addition we filed IND applications for ourneublastin and Factor IX programs. We believe we have a solid pipeline that isprogressing well with a good balance of both risk and potential returnrepresented.  We also published a paper on our LINGOprogram in an animal model of multiple sclerosis which is highlighted on thecover of the October issue of Nature Medicine. We showed that anti-LINGO-1antibody can promote spinal cord remyelination and axonal integrity. Whilestill early in development we believe our LINGO program has the potential forbroad application and significant benefit to patients with MS and otherneurodegenerative disorders.  We also continued to successfullyexecute our external growth strategy. In early July we announced an agreementwith Cardiokine to jointly develop lixivaptan, an oral vasopressin receptorantagonist expected to enter Phase III clinical trials this year for thepotential treatment of hyponatremia in patients with congestive heart failure.  Now, let me move on to two veryimportant near-term data readouts; starting with daclizumab, which we co-developedwith our partner, PDL BioPharma, for relapsing-remitting MS. As you may haveseen the Phase II data from the CHOICE trial of daclizumab inrelapsing-remitting MS was recently presented at a platform session at ECTRIMS.This randomized placebo-controlled trial looked at daclizumab added on standardinterferon beta therapy in 230 patients.  We examined two doses ofdaclizumab and the higher 2 milligram per kilogram dose every other weekreduced new or enlarging gadolinium-enhancing lesions between weeks 8 and 24 by72% compared to interferon alone with a P value of 0.004, thus meeting theprimary endpoint. While not powered to show significance for the secondaryendpoint of reduction in relapse rate both doses showed a trend towards a 34%reduction in annualized relapse rate. Keep in mind, these efficacy results wereon top of background interferon therapy. The safety we saw also supportedmoving forward into the Phase IIb clinical studies. We have said we expect toinitiate the second Phase II SELECT trial looking at daclizumab as monotherapyby year-end 2007.  Moving to LT-beta-R-Fc; as wehave indicated, we accelerated the clinical development of LT-beta-R-Fc inrheumatoid arthritis and are actively enrolling patients in a robust Phase IIbprogram. We plan to enroll a total of 500 patients across two trials generatingrandomized efficacy data in both DMARD inadequate responders and TNF inadequateresponders. The primary endpoint in both trials is ACR 50 at three months. Wealso expect to identify the correct dose, potentially a once-a-monthsubcutaneous injection. We will present the Phase IIadata that encouraged us to accelerate into Phase IIb development at the American College of Rheumatology Meeting in aposter presentation on November 9. The abstract is available online at the ACRwebsite. We examined standard components of the ACR scoring system, such astender and swollen joint count, at one month and explored multiple doses. Theabstract indicates 48 patients with moderate to severe RA and inadequateresponse to DMARD continued methotrexate and received subcutaneous LTBR-Fc atone of six doses or placebo once weekly for 4 weeks, followed by 8 weeks ofobservation. The interim results showed that at day 35, swollen joint count wasreduced by a median 61% from baseline in LT-beta-R-Fc patients versus 0% inplacebo patients with similar patterns in tender joint count and other ACR coreset measures. We will provide an update at the poster session, which Iencourage you to attend.  Now I will touch on data readoutsin 2008. We are expecting to see data from at least 10 clinical trials by theend of 2008. These include readouts in additional indications for RITUXAN suchas DMARD inadequate responders in RA, primary progressive MS, lupus, and CLL.We will also see readouts from novel programs such as the heat-shock protein 90inhibitor and volociximab in solid tumors, the Phase IIb data on LT-beta-R-Fcin RA, CDP323 in relapsing-remitting MS, long-acting Factor IX in hemophilia B,and BIIB14 for Parkinson's disease.  In closing, as I outlined duringour R&D day last spring, 2007 is very much a year of execution while 2008is poised to be a year of results. I hope you come away with some of the sameexcitement we have for the pipeline. With that I will hand the call over toPaul Clancy, our CFO.
Paul Clancy:  Thank you, Cecil. As usual, Iwould like to use this call to review our quarterly financial performance. TheGAAP financials are provided in Tables 1 and 2 of the earnings release. Table 3is a reconciliation of the GAAP to non-GAAP financial results. So let's beginwith our GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliation. In accordance with Regulation G wehave provided Table 3, which breaks out the reconciling items by major driver.The main items excluded from the operating non-GAAP P&L in Q3 were; First,we adjusted $96 million in purchase accounting charges for the amortization ofintangibles in in-process R&D expense. These include charges related to theBiogen Idec merger as well as the Conforma, Syntonix, Fumapharm, and Cardiokinetransactions. Second, we adjusted $38 millionfor the consolidation of Cardiokine and again on the sale of certain long-livedassets. Third, we adjusted $9 million in pre-tax employee stock optionexpenses. $6 million of this adjustment is in SG&A, while the remaining $3million is in R&D. Fourth, we had $17 million of tax impact of the items Ijust mentioned. Now, I will move on to thenon-GAAP P&L operating performance. We believe it is important to sharethis non-GAAP P&L with shareholders because it better represents theongoing economics of our business. It reflects how we manage the businessinternally and it forms the basis of our management incentive programs. In Q3while we delivered $0.41 diluted EPS on the GAAP P&L, after the adjustmentsshown on Table 3, our non-GAAP diluted EPS was $0.58. Now let's move through the thirdquarter non-GAAP P&L results in a bit more detail. Q3 total revenue was$789 million, which represents 12% growth over the same period last year.Revenue for the first nine months of the year totaled approximately $2.28billion, representing a 15% growth over the same period last year. Key driversof this year-over-year increase, include the continued growth of theinternational AVONEX business, the reintroduction and increasing penetration ofthe TYSABRI business, and the continued growth of the RITUXAN franchise. For the third quarter, BiogenIdec's MS franchise grew by 12% since last year. With the launch of TYSABRI wecontinue to grow the MS market, as new patients and former quitters join themarket. Going through our productrevenues, I will begin with AVONEX, the number one worldwide MS product. Youmay recall, Q3 last year, was a very strong quarter for the worldwide AVONEXbusiness. Thus, I think it is useful to mention both a quarterly andyear-to-date growth rate when discussing AVONEX's performance. Q3, AVONEXworldwide product revenue was $455 million, which represents a 2% increase overthe same period last year. Revenue for the first nine months of the yeartotaled approximately $1.37 billion, which represents an 8% increase over thesame period last year. Q3, US AVONEX product revenue was$266 million, representing a 1% decrease over the same period last year.Revenue for the first nine months for US AVONEX totaled $806 million,representing a 6% increase over the same period last year. Q3, internationalAVONEX product revenue was $189 million, representing an increase of 7% on ayear-on-year basis. Revenue for the first nine months for AVONEX internationaltotaled $559 million, representing a 10% increase over the same period lastyear. The quarterly increase for AVONEX international was driven by, favorableforeign exchange rates. Direct and JV markets continue to perform well, asrevenue increased in these markets by over 9%, of which approximately,one-third was due to volume and two-thirds due to foreign exchange rates. Now moving to TYSABRIperformance, Q3, TYSABRI worldwide product sales for Biogen Idec were $63million. As Bob highlighted, TYSABRI continues to make strong progress. TYSABRIend-patient revenue totaled $93 million. In the US, end-user or in-market TYSABRIsales totaled $59 million, which represents a 25% quarter-over-quarterincrease. Biogen Idec booked $28 million of this amount. Internationally, end-user orin-market TYSABRI sales totaled $35 million, which is a 38% increase from theprior quarter. Additionally, you will note that our collaborationprofit-sharing line has become positive, this quarter. This line representsBiogen Idec's payment of 50% of profits outside the USto Elan and the reimbursement of third-party royalties, incurred by Elanoutside the US.We expect this number to continue to grow in the coming quarters, reflectingthe growing profitability of our international TYSABRI business. Moving now to other productrevenue, Q3, ZEVALIN product sales were $4 million. We signed an agreement withCell Therapeutics, who will acquire ZEVALIN. In August, Cell Therapeuticsannounced that it would pay Biogen Idec, $10 million in upfront cash, up to anadditional $20 million in future milestone payments and ongoing royalties, onsales. The $10 million upfront payment will be recognized in our operatingresults over the term of our supply agreement. We anticipate the sale willclose in the fourth quarter of 2007. FUMADERM revenue was $7 million.As we mentioned in our last earnings call, we took over distribution ofFUMADERM in early May, and at that point we began shipping inventory andrecognizing revenue. Q3 is the first quarter that we recognized, three fullmonths of revenue. Now moving on, to the RITUXANcollaboration revenues, which is referred to as revenue from unconsolidatedjoint business. We recorded $235 million in revenue, representing an increase a15% on a year-over-year basis. As we always discuss, this number has severalelements. First, we receive our share of the US RITUXAN profits. As reported byour partner Genentech, US RITUXAN sales were $572 millionin the third quarter; and our Q3 profit share, from that business was $156million, up 13% versus prior year. Second, we receive royaltyrevenue on sales of rituximab outside the US; and in Q3 this was $63 million,up 22% versus prior year. Third, we were reimbursed $15 million for selling anddevelopment costs, incurred related to RITUXAN. Finishing our revenueperformance, third quarter royalties were $24 million. Now turning to the expense lineson the non-GAAP P&L, Q3 cost of goods sold, were $82 million. Thisrepresents 10% of revenue. Q3 R&D were $282 million, this represents 36% ofrevenues. I should note that this R&D spend includes $50 million upfrontpayment to Cardiokine for the recent transaction, relating to the late-stagelixivaptan program. This $50 million payment equates to $0.11 diluted earningsper share. Adjusting for this upfront payment, R&D as a percent of revenuewould be approximately 29%. I do think it is useful toreiterate that our pipeline continues to grow and advance. We currently have 15programs in Phase II or beyond, and we expect at least 10 data readouts in thenext 14 to 15 months. Q3, SG&A were $185 million, this represents 23% ofrevenues in 11% year-over-year increase. You'll notice that there was a slightdecline in SG&A as a percentage of revenue in Q3, when compared to lastquarter. As we mentioned during the last earnings call, we're in the midst of amajor TYSABRI marketing effort in the US,as well as a country-by-country rollout in Europe. These launch activities haverequired us to significantly increase, our SG&A investments over the lastquarters. However, as revenue has continued to grow, we're benefiting fromincreased leverage from these investments. Q3, other income and expense was $7million. The most significant change to our OIE line since, last quarter is theimpact of our $3 billion share repurchase. Specifically, this line has beenimpacted by the loss of interest income on $1.5 billion in cash and theinterest expense on $1.5 billion in debt. I should also note that the OIE lineincludes a gain of $11 million from the sale of certain equity investments. Moving to our Q3 tax rate, thenon-GAAP Q3 tax rate was 29.6%, which is consistent with the guidance we issuedduring our previous call, where we mentioned that we expect the balance of yeareffective non-GAAP tax rate, to be in the 28% to 30% range. Our year-to-datenon-GAAP tax rate is 27.1%. This rate is lower than our Q3 tax rate, driven bya couple of factors. First, the IRS completed its audit for fiscal years 2003and 2004, leading us to record an immediate $15 million reduction in taxliabilities in the second quarter. Second, we continued to benefitfrom an increasing ratio of international income, including the impact of ourrecent capital restructuring. After adjusting for the impact of the IRS audit,our year-to-date non-GAAP tax rate is 28.4%. This brings us to our Q3 non-GAAPdiluted EPS of $0.58. So in conclusion, our top-line revenue growth was 12% ona year-over-year basis. We continue to increase the worldwide penetration ofTYSABRI, and we continue to progress our pipeline both internally as well asthrough our external growth strategy, as evidenced by the recent Cardiokinetransaction. I would like to close byreiterating our 2007 non-GAAP P&L financial guidance. As we mentioned onour last call, we expect annual revenue growth in the 16% to 18% range and abottom-line EPS growth rate in the 16% to 20% range. We expect a 2007 non-GAAPdiluted EPS in the range of $2.60 to $2.70. On a GAAP basis, this translates2007 diluted EPS in the range of $1.84 to $1.94, excluding any futureacquisitions or other transactions. We are excited about thecontinued growth prospects for Biogen Idec, driven by the continued success ofour commercial products. In advancing the pipeline we believe that we willcontinue to generate strong top-line and bottom-line growth. Now I will handthe call over to Jim for his closing comments.
Jim Mullen: Thank you, Paul. In summary, theyear is unfolding as planned and we are well on track to hitting our 2007financial guidance, which I will remind you we revised upward earlier thissummer. The underlying business remains strong. We have made good progress withboth TYSABRI and the pipeline and I think that really is the key takeaway. Thetop-line remains strong, and we are making good progress on TYSABRI, and thepipeline progress has been excellent. So underlying this, we do remainfocused on bringing meaningful therapies to patients in need and, at the sametime, delivering value to our shareholders. Just before I hand the call back toKeith for questions-and-answers, let me touch one last time on the process we havebegun to explore a potential sale of the company. I know this is an uncertain timefor employees and investors alike and that there is a great thirst for anyrelated information. However, I am sure you can understand this is a sensitiveissue on a number of fronts. I have gone as far as I am able, on this topic. Atthis point, it would be inappropriate for any of us to discuss additionaldetails. And I think we make better use of our limited time inquestions-and-answers with questions about the quarter than in pursuing thelanguage of our October 12th press release. So with that, Keith, let's open itup to Q&A.
Keith Regnante: Thank you, Jim. Operator, we are now ready to open up thecall for Q&A. We do ask the participants on the call to please limitthemselves to one question and then please reenter the queue to ask follow-upquestions. Also, please state your name and your company affiliation. Operator,we will now take the first question.
Operator: (Operator Instructions). Your first question comes fromGeoff Meacham of J.P. Morgan.
Geoff Meacham : Hi, guys. A quick question for you on your most recentpatient numbers for TYSABRI. It looks like the new starts in US have picked up.Can you give us a sense for -- have you seen an increase in the number ofpatients on TYSABRI in existing tech centers? Or have you also seen an increasein the number of tech centers and sort of new doc's prescribing TYSABRI?
 J.P. Morgan: Hi, guys. A quick question for you on your most recentpatient numbers for TYSABRI. It looks like the new starts in US have picked up.Can you give us a sense for -- have you seen an increase in the number ofpatients on TYSABRI in existing tech centers? Or have you also seen an increasein the number of tech centers and sort of new doc's prescribing TYSABRI?
Bob Hamm: Thanks Geoff, this is Bob Hamm. Yes, in fact, both. It'syes, to both questions. We continue to see a weekly increase in new prescriberscoming on. I would also add that since July we have seen about 25% increasesustained in new tech starts coming in. And the fact remains that getting thephysicians started, getting them used to the program, allows them to getcomfortable with it. The more they use the product -- the more they use theproduct is kind of what we are saying and we would expect that evolution tocontinue.
Geoff Meacham : Just a quick follow-up if I can on that same patient numberfrom Europe. It looks like in your last datacut the European new starts look a little bit weak in August. Have you guysseen -- that is not a surprise, I guess, given the vacation season. Have youguys seen a pickup in September in some of the new geographies that you havelaunched?
 J.P. Morgan: Just a quick follow-up if I can on that same patient numberfrom Europe. It looks like in your last datacut the European new starts look a little bit weak in August. Have you guysseen -- that is not a surprise, I guess, given the vacation season. Have youguys seen a pickup in September in some of the new geographies that you havelaunched?
Bob Hamm: This is Bob. I think as you know, the European numbers inseveral countries are very sketchy. You have to extrapolate from wholesalerdata and whatnot, so it is not that reliable. Yes, after the summer ends, withincreasing countries that we said and increasing physician prescriber base, wewould expect the growth to continue.
Geoff Meacham : All right. Thanks.
 J.P. Morgan: All right. Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from Mark Schoenebaum of BearStearns.
Mark Schoenebaum -Bear Stearns: Hi, Jim, I don't know if you want to answer this question,but I just got to ask. Can you maybe talk to us a little bit about why you guysmade the decision to go public with the announcement, rather than keep thatprivate? And if you won't answer that, I have a quarter question.
Jim Mullen:  This is an either-or, is it, Mark? Well, yes, I can addressthe first one. I think, there was, a couple of issues. One, I don't think it isreally even possible to run a process very quietly behind the scenes and alsoexplore broadly all the parties that could be interested. So that was a verypragmatic view. And secondly, I felt we had a need to be able to talk asdirectly as possible to both the shareholders as well as the employees aboutwhat was going on. And then lastly, this allows us, to keep this process asshort as humanly possible because as you can appreciate, going through a periodlike this creates a lot of uncertainty in the company among employees. It isjust unsettling. It is not different here than anywhere else, and I would liketo get that past us as quickly as possible.
Mark Schoenebaum -Bear Stearns: May I ask my quarterly question?
Jim Mullen: Okay.
Mark Schoenebaum - BearStearns: Okay, is very simple, actually, maybe for Bob. Can you justgo over -- can you give us your share for AVONEX in the US and the year-over-yearcomparison in the same for international? If you don't mind, patient share andI really appreciate you answering both questions.
Bob Hamm: Sure, Mark. The issue in Europe,as I said, is difficult to assess. The fact is AVONEX has been the number oneproduct for many years. And as I reported, the ABCR segment is decliningyear-over-year, but the AVONEX share remains very stable with its leadershipposition throughout the world.
Mark Schoenebaum -Bear Stearns: In US?
Bob Hamm: Same, yes.
Operator: Your next question comes from Joel Sendek of Lazard CapitalMarkets.
Joel Sendek : Thanks. I have a question on the revenue guidance. If youlook at the numbers your revenue growth is up 15% year-to-date and only 12% inthe third quarter. So, I am wondering why -- what you are seeing in the fourthquarter to reiterate the 16% to 18% growth? Because as I do the math it lookslike you are predicting pretty strong revenues in the fourth quarter.
 Lazard Capital Markets: Thanks. I have a question on the revenue guidance. If youlook at the numbers your revenue growth is up 15% year-to-date and only 12% inthe third quarter. So, I am wondering why -- what you are seeing in the fourthquarter to reiterate the 16% to 18% growth? Because as I do the math it lookslike you are predicting pretty strong revenues in the fourth quarter.
Paul Clancy: Yes, Joel, so I would say we are expecting a bit of anacceleration versus what we have today, right now and included in that is a pickupof the TYSABRI which is -- we are seeing on a sequential quarter basis and Iwould say that is probably the biggest driver for the fourth quarterexpectation.
Joel Sendek : Thank you.
 Lazard Capital Markets: Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Jim Birchenough of LehmanBrothers.
Jim Birchenough : Yes, hi guys. Just wanted totouch on your guidance -- long term guidance and it seems central to that isAVONEX maintaining patient share. And I'm just wondering if you could commenton some of the challenges to that including the impact you have described onthe ABCR drugs, the sequential decline, and potential competitors? We areseeing a fair amount of data from compounds like Campath and FTY720. What givesyou the confidence in the long term sustainability of AVONEX trends?
 LehmanBrothers: Yes, hi guys. Just wanted totouch on your guidance -- long term guidance and it seems central to that isAVONEX maintaining patient share. And I'm just wondering if you could commenton some of the challenges to that including the impact you have described onthe ABCR drugs, the sequential decline, and potential competitors? We areseeing a fair amount of data from compounds like Campath and FTY720. What givesyou the confidence in the long term sustainability of AVONEX trends?
Jim Mullen: Yes, this is Jim, let me take acrack at that. So, I think what I have said to people as we have been out toall the investors that we have been at over the last six weeks is, ourexpectation in the USis that it, on an absolute basis, is sort of flat to a little bit down. Outsidethe USit will be modestly increasing, in part that is driven because we are taking onsome new markets here and incorporating sales that we didn't have before bygoing direct in some of these markets. So, you look at Brazil, Argentina,Japan,etcetera. So, you get some growth out of new geographies even though the, ifyou will, the more mature geographies are going to be relatively flat or evenpossibly modestly declining. But with the TYSABRI we are alsobringing in a pretty big chunk of new patients back into the market. So, athird of these patients are patients that have fallen through the differenttherapies. So, I think that is the offset that we see as you sort of balanceall this out. The more mature geographies will be challenged and a lot of thegrowth is going to go to TYSABRI but we still have some new geographies thatare relatively unpenetrated that will show up as new sales for us.
Jim Birchenough : And just a -- just a follow-up,how do you see the competitive landscape playing out when you look at some ofthe emerging therapies and also if you could just touch on consideration forpotential generic entrants, what the timing of that might be?
 LehmanBrothers: And just a -- just a follow-up,how do you see the competitive landscape playing out when you look at some ofthe emerging therapies and also if you could just touch on consideration forpotential generic entrants, what the timing of that might be?
Jim Mullen: Yes, well, we have assumed thatFTY720 would come to the market; we have assumed that Campath will come to themarket. As a purely practical matter that is at the tail end of this sort oftimeframe of '07 or '10. So those would, you know, might get into themarketplace in the last -- in the 2010. So, the impact in the near term isrelatively modest to very little.  Relative to the genericcompetition, in Europe there is anothercompetitor that will probably come to market that is the BioPartners productbut that is not truly a biogeneric that will have been a full developmentprogram, others may come, but there are still some patents out there. It reallyis product-by-product dependent on whether some of these remaining patents willblock new entrants. So, the closer they are to an identical to Interferonbeta-1a, I think the more difficulty they're going to have getting to themarketplace.
Jim Birchenough : Thanks for taking the question.
 LehmanBrothers: Thanks for taking the question.
Operator: Your next question comes fromEric Schmidt of Cowen and Company.
Eric Schmidt : Good morning, question about theTYSABRI guidance for 100,000 patients on drug by the end of 2010. I'm justwondering what kind of assumption or expectation for the incidence of PML underliesthat guidance.
 Cowen andCompany: Good morning, question about theTYSABRI guidance for 100,000 patients on drug by the end of 2010. I'm justwondering what kind of assumption or expectation for the incidence of PML underliesthat guidance.
Jim Mullen: Well, the expectation for the PMLis what we have in the label and the market research would indicate that mostof the physicians, they believe that that is either the actual incidence orgiven the current safety experience in the commercial setting that perhaps itis a bit lower than that. So -- our expectation is that we will see someinstance of PML similar to the label.  And just to add a couple morethings, you know, one of the things that makes the difference when people sortof sit back and think about it is, is our expectation is that something over50% maybe approaching 60% of the TYSABRI sales will ultimately be ex-US marketsand of course the balance in the US market and we are expecting some modestcontribution to that 100,000 from Crohn's.
Eric Schmidt : Thanks, Jim.
 Cowen andCompany: Thanks, Jim.
Operator: (Operator Instructions). Yournext question comes from Bill Tanner of Leerink Swann.
Bill Tanner : Thanks for taking the question. Aquestion maybe for you, Bob, or a couple of them, you did mention doing somehead-to-head studies, TYSABRI with some of the other drugs and you also, Ithink I heard you say that there has been a delay in switching patients. I amcurious, a couple of things, one is the delay, is that just the absence ofdata, or is that some negative detailing? And secondly then, on thehead-to-head, would you contemplate just needing relapse reduction or going atleast a couple years and looking at changes in disability? Thanks.
 Leerink Swann: Thanks for taking the question. Aquestion maybe for you, Bob, or a couple of them, you did mention doing somehead-to-head studies, TYSABRI with some of the other drugs and you also, Ithink I heard you say that there has been a delay in switching patients. I amcurious, a couple of things, one is the delay, is that just the absence ofdata, or is that some negative detailing? And secondly then, on thehead-to-head, would you contemplate just needing relapse reduction or going atleast a couple years and looking at changes in disability? Thanks.
Bob Hamm: Okay Bill, on the head-to-headtrial basis I think it is important to look out to the future and where themarket will be, and how payers will make decisions in the future. Therefore,robust head-to-head trials, we haven't seen many of these but it would make abig difference in the way certain groups look at this situation. In terms ofswitching patients, just get back to the fact that four out of the fivepatients who are coming to TYSABRI are new to Biogen Idec that means they areeither switching or coming from the quitter-naive pool that Jim mentioned, andtherefore, it is a matter of going after some physicians who may want to seemore clinical evidence in certain quarters. But already we are seeing that fourout of five patients are coming from the other products and the othercategories.
Bill Tanner : Okay, thanks.
 Leerink Swann: Okay, thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes fromMay-Kin Ho of Goldman Sachs.
May-Kin Ho : Can you refresh our memory, whatkind of manufacturing capacity do you have at this point and what would that beby 2010? And then lastly just a quick question on the quarter, can you breakout for us the interest income versus interest expense?
 Goldman Sachs: Can you refresh our memory, whatkind of manufacturing capacity do you have at this point and what would that beby 2010? And then lastly just a quick question on the quarter, can you breakout for us the interest income versus interest expense?
Jim Mullen:  Interest income versus -- okay, Iwill turn that one to Paul in a second, manufacturing capacity I assume you aretalking about for TYSABRI.
May-Kin Ho : No, for the company.
 Goldman Sachs: No, for the company.
Jim Mullen:  For the company? Yes, we havelicensed in North Carolina90,000 liters of large-scale capacity in two purification suites; in additionthere are three trains at the 2,000 liter capacity that run independently ofthat. In Cambridge-- and so both of these products are licensed multi-product facilities. In Cambridge, we have fivetrains that we can run and we run them in combinations of clinical, as well as,commercial material. And the Danish facility is another 90,000 liters oflarge-scale capacity that will come online approximately this time next yearand then go through the licensure process and that would be online for commercialproduct somewhere in 2009.
May-Kin Ho : Can you put it in context for us,what is this in context of the worldwide capacity?
 Goldman Sachs: Can you put it in context for us,what is this in context of the worldwide capacity?
Jim Mullen: Worldwide capacity of what, whatis the denominator I am trying to work with here? You mean biologics?
May-Kin Ho : Yes, biological mammalian.
 Goldman Sachs: Yes, biological mammalian.
Jim Mullen: I don't know, I would think thisprobably puts us about number three in the world around -- if you look atWyeth's capacity and Genentech's, I think we may be the next one behind that,it could be BI is a little bit around that but we are certainly in the topfive.
May-Kin Ho : Okay, thank you.
 Goldman Sachs: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes fromSteve Harr of Morgan Stanley.
Steve Harr : Just a little more granularity onthe AVONEX franchise, if you take out currency and price increases, could youjust give us your year-over-year volume trends in the US and Europe? And thenfollow that up with just -- should we expect going forward that with your100,000 patient goal that you would see 20% of those patients leaving AVONEX?So, we would have potentially 20,000 patients in declining volume over the nextseveral years.
 Morgan Stanley: Just a little more granularity onthe AVONEX franchise, if you take out currency and price increases, could youjust give us your year-over-year volume trends in the US and Europe? And thenfollow that up with just -- should we expect going forward that with your100,000 patient goal that you would see 20% of those patients leaving AVONEX?So, we would have potentially 20,000 patients in declining volume over the nextseveral years.
Bob Hamm: Yes, I would say just to addressthe last question, there was some interference there, but as I understood it --what we would expect to see is the ABCRs obviously being affected, as we haveseen in the first year and a half of TYSABRI activity but that AVONEX sharewould remain stable within that group and therefore we would see it relativelyflat going forward with the growth in the overall market and whatnot.
Jim Mullen: Did you want to go back toMay-Kin Ho's question on the interest?
Paul Clancy: May-Kin, this is Paul. I will go back to -- you had aquestion on the interest income and interest expense, those numbers wereroughly -- interest income being right around $15 million, interest expensebeing right around $20 million. And as I had mentioned in the OIE line we didhave a gain on an equity investment of $11 million.
Steve Harr :  Could you follow up and answer the volume question as wellthere?
 Morgan Stanley:  Could you follow up and answer the volume question as wellthere?
Bob Hamm: Steve, I would say, for the given quarter our unit trendsboth in US and EU are pretty close to flat. I would reiterate one of the pointsI had made that we were comparing against a pretty strong quarter in Q3 '06.
Operator: Your next question comes from Mike King of Rodman &Renshaw.
Mike King : Thank you for taking my question. Can you hear me? 
 Rodman & Renshaw: Thank you for taking my question. Can you hear me? 
Jim Mullen: Yes.
Mike King : I just wanted to see if you could -- maybe Bob could commentabout sort of -- where do you think you need to get in the TYSABRI relaunchwhere neurologists feel comfortable, to get that inflection that hockey stickthat everybody seems to be talking about but nobody seems to be able to puttheir finger on?
 Rodman & Renshaw: I just wanted to see if you could -- maybe Bob could commentabout sort of -- where do you think you need to get in the TYSABRI relaunchwhere neurologists feel comfortable, to get that inflection that hockey stickthat everybody seems to be talking about but nobody seems to be able to puttheir finger on?
Jim Mullen: Well, can I -- I am going to let Bob address part of thatbut let me take the first, which is -- our 100,000 projection does not assumesome big inflection, while a lot of people are talking about an inflection andone can imagine that occurring that is not what the assumption is as we buildto 100,000. So, you can get to the 100,000 number with some continued modestacceleration. So, increasing breadth and depth along the same lines that wehave seen in the US; andsimilarly increasing breadth and depth outside the US, as well as, the additionalimpact of new markets as those come online. And you sort of roll up all thatinformation and you will get to the 100,000.  Relative to the inflection point, if you will, to the extentthat thats -- that prescribing behavior is limited by fear of PML, theoutstanding question is, does the risk of PML accumulate with exposure toTYSABRI? I think the people that are worrying about that are looking kind of tothe two-year point where you have a sufficient number of patients that havebeen on continuously for two years to come to some kind of statisticalconclusion of whether the experience is going to be the same as the label,better than the label, worse than the label. That takes you out about this timenext year you will have a few thousand patients that have been well over twoyears. Bob, do you have any --?
Bob Hamm: No, I wouldn't add much to that, other than that we knowthere are 450,000 patients, more or less, being treated worldwide today. So ifyou look at the numbers and the growth in the market, again, we would notexpect to see a hockey stick, it is just the evolution of the increasingcountries, increasing prescribers, week-over-week, month-over-month,year-over-year.
Mike King : Okay and just a quick follow-up. Do most centers that can doinfusions have a capability to do plasmapheresis as well or would that have tobe referred out?
 Rodman & Renshaw: Okay and just a quick follow-up. Do most centers that can doinfusions have a capability to do plasmapheresis as well or would that have tobe referred out?
Bob Hamm: I think all the major centers certainly would, beyond that Ithink we would have to do more looking at that situation.
Mike King : Okay, thanks very much.
 Rodman & Renshaw: Okay, thanks very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from Michael Aberman of CreditSuisse.
Michael Aberman :  A question on the RITUXAN change of control, the documentsare public, somewhat confusing, I just want to clarify, if Genentech exercisesthe option to select and to buy back, even if they lose that, does the otherparty get to buy back the CD20 or is it automatic -- the second and thirdgeneration or does it automatically switch to a royalty rate? And any idea asto clarity as to how much lower that royalty rate is than the profit share?
 Credit Suisse:  A question on the RITUXAN change of control, the documentsare public, somewhat confusing, I just want to clarify, if Genentech exercisesthe option to select and to buy back, even if they lose that, does the otherparty get to buy back the CD20 or is it automatic -- the second and thirdgeneration or does it automatically switch to a royalty rate? And any idea asto clarity as to how much lower that royalty rate is than the profit share?
Jim Mullen: The answer is, the change of control, Genentech has theability to name a price for all the marketed CD20 products, at this point intime that only includes RITUXAN. The counterparty decides whether they are abuyer or a seller, the unmarketed products revert to a royalty and the rates onthat are undisclosed and unfortunately subject to confidentiality betweenGenentech and ourselves.
Michael Aberman : Okay. Taking the pattern here without Elizabeth on, can I follow up with a quickquestion on TYSABRI? There was some data on rebound, I know it was a small dataset, have you seen any patients come off TYSABRI and will we see further datain terms of what happens to the MRIs and disability when patients arediscontinued from TYSABRI? 
 Credit Suisse: Okay. Taking the pattern here without Elizabeth on, can I follow up with a quickquestion on TYSABRI? There was some data on rebound, I know it was a small dataset, have you seen any patients come off TYSABRI and will we see further datain terms of what happens to the MRIs and disability when patients arediscontinued from TYSABRI? 
Bob Hamm: Hi, this is Bob, again. From our clinical experience we havenot seen that and in our current practice in the commercial organization andtracking the patients we have not seen that to date. I guess, there has beensome anecdotal information but the plural of anecdote, a wise person said, isnot data. So we will have to -- but there is no evidence to date that we haveseen.
Michael Aberman : Will you be collecting that data in touch and presenting itat all at any point?
 Credit Suisse: Will you be collecting that data in touch and presenting itat all at any point?
Bob Hamm:  Well, we collect all sorts of data, as you know, in [touch].What is relevant to the patient and physician community we will certainly sharein a transparent fashion, if we have any such information.
Michael Aberman : Okay, thanks, guys.
 Credit Suisse: Okay, thanks, guys.
Keith Regnante: Operator, I think we have time for one or two morequestions.
Operator: Okay. Your next question comes from Ian Somaiya of ThomasWeisel Partners.
Ian Somaiya : Thanks for taking my question. Just a question onseasonality and -- as it relates to TYSABRI and AVONEX and whether it playedany roles in third quarter numbers? And is there anything unique to theEuropean reimbursement process which would lead to an increase in new patientstarts in the fourth quarter?
 Thomas Weisel Partners: Thanks for taking my question. Just a question onseasonality and -- as it relates to TYSABRI and AVONEX and whether it playedany roles in third quarter numbers? And is there anything unique to theEuropean reimbursement process which would lead to an increase in new patientstarts in the fourth quarter?
Jim Mullen: I will take about one, Ian. Seasonality, I mean, it is justthe fact that you see it in the summer, there's just fewer new starts, that hasalways been typical. It probably is more evident as the market growth overallslows down, you can see that more clearly through the data at least for youguys. You also see some softness in the starts once you get in and around theChristmas season, that is not a popular time for people to start new therapies.Sorry, Ian, what was the second part of your question?
Ian Somaiya : On the European side --
 Thomas Weisel Partners: On the European side --
Jim Mullen: The European reimbursement system, the only thing that isspecial there is that you're doing a country-by-country rollout and each one ofthese European markets has a different reimbursement system. You're typicallynegotiating with the government regulators and you need to establish areimbursement rate really before you can practically sell. That is why thesemarkets rollout over a period of 18 months because they all have a differentkind of process. So, for example, we really haven't seen the contribution inany significant degree of France,which is one of our major markets, Spain, which is a relatively newentrant. So, you will start to see some of these bigger markets start tocontribute patients here in the fourth quarter, in the tail end of the thirdquarter, that were not present in the first half of the year. So, it is notmore complicated than bringing on new countries one at a time.
Ian Somaiya : All right, I guess my question related to more, what pharmaceuticalcompanies claim, which is in the fourth quarter they see a surge in salescoming out of Europe. So, I guess you are notexpecting that in the fourth quarter.
 Thomas Weisel Partners: All right, I guess my question related to more, what pharmaceuticalcompanies claim, which is in the fourth quarter they see a surge in salescoming out of Europe. So, I guess you are notexpecting that in the fourth quarter.
Jim Mullen: We have not -- that has not been a typical experience for usin the kind of markets we have been in.
Ian Somaiya : Okay, thank you.
 Thomas Weisel Partners: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Your last question comes from Maged Shenouda of UBS.
Maged Shenouda : Hi, thanks for taking my question. Can you outline yourdiscussions with Carl Icahn since you announced that you were putting thecompany up for sale?
 UBS: Hi, thanks for taking my question. Can you outline yourdiscussions with Carl Icahn since you announced that you were putting thecompany up for sale?
Jim Mullen: No.
Maged Shenouda : Okay. Just one follow-up then on the quarter, how should wethink about the R&D run rate? Is this quarter's spend a reasonable runrate?
 UBS: Okay. Just one follow-up then on the quarter, how should wethink about the R&D run rate? Is this quarter's spend a reasonable runrate?
Jim Mullen: I will give that to Paul.
Paul Clancy: Yes, I would say that it is very unusual with respect to theupfront for Cardiokine, so that was a big lump. If you take that out, we hadrun R&D at 29% of sales. I would say that that will come down as our sales numberscome up a bit. So there will be -- I think the run rate on a raw dollar basisis probably reflective, if you take the Cardiokine upfront payment out.
Maged Shenouda : Okay, thank you.
 UBS: Okay, thank you.
Keith Regnante: Great, well, that was our last question. We thank you foryour participation in today's call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2007 Q2  (2007-07-24 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Elizabeth Woo - VP of IR   Jim Mullen - CEO   Bob Hamm - SVP of Neurology Business Unit   Evan Beckman - SVP of Immunology, R&D   Peter Kellogg - CFO 
Analysts: Jim Birchenough - Lehman Brothers   Mark Schoenebaum - Bear Stearns   Bill Tanner - Leerink Swann   Michael Aberman - Credit Suisse   Geoff Meacham - J.P. Morgan   May-Kin Ho - Goldman Sachs   Ian Somaiya - Thomas Weisel Partners   Joel Sendek - Lazard Capital Markets   Geoffrey Porges - Sanford Bernstein   George Farmer - Wachovia Securities   Chris Raymond - Robert W. Baird & Company   Maged Shenouda - UBS   William Sargent - Banc of America Securities 
Operator: Good morning. My name is Jennifer and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Biogen Idec Second Quarter 2007 Earnings Release Conference Call. All lines have been placed on-mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session.  (Operator Instructions). Thank you. I would now like to turn the call over to Ms. Elizabeth Woo, Vice President of Investor Relations. 
Elizabeth Woo: Thank you, Jennifer. Welcome to Biogen Idec's Earnings Call for the second quarter 2007. Before we begin, I would encourage everyone to go to the investor relations section of our website, biogenidec.com, and print out the press release and accompanying table. It will make it easier to follow along when our CFO, Peter Kellogg, reviews the financial results and the reconciliation to non-GAAP financial measures discussed today.  We are continuing the practice we introduced last year on the call of posting slides on our website that follow the topics on the call today.  I will start with the Safe Harbor statement. Comments made in this conference call include forward-looking statements about the company's expectations regarding future financial results, including our financial guidance for 2007 and future growth rate, the launch and potential of TYSABRI in MS and RITUXAN in RA, reimbursement for TYSABRI, and plans for external growth and pipeline growth.  Such statements are subject to the risks and uncertainties, which could cause the actual results to differ materially. In particular, careful consideration should be given to the risks and uncertainties that are described in our earnings release and in the item 1(a) risk factors section of the company's quarterly report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2007, and other periodic and current reports Biogen Idec has filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission.  The Company does not undertake any obligation to publicly update any forward-looking statements.  On today's call, I am joined by Jim Mullen, CEO of Biogen Idec; Bob Hamm, Senior Vice President, Neurology Business Unit; Dr. Evan Beckman, Senior Vice President, Immunology, of our research and development efforts; and Peter Kellogg, our CFO and Executive Vice President of Finance.  Now, I will turn the call over to Jim Mullen. 
Jim Mullen: Thank you, Elizabeth. Good morning, everyone. I am very pleased with the results this quarter. We have made excellent progress on a number of strategic initiatives to grow revenues and earnings and enhance our pipeline. Let me touch on a few highlights before I turn the call over to Bob, Evan, and Peter.  We continue to deliver strong revenue growth, 17% growth this quarter. Our global MS franchise passed $500 million in sales this quarter, led by AVONEX and further bolstered by solid progress from TYSABRI. And this performance demonstrates a successful execution of our strategy, which is innovation drives growth in the MS market, where high in that need remains. For RTUXAN is showing nice growth in both the oncology and the RA indication.  During the quarter, also we completed "Dutch Auction" tender offer repurchasing $3 billion worth of shares, which is approximately 16% of our shares outstanding. This major share repurchases returns value to shareholders and will be accretive to earnings, at the same time we more optimally leverage the balance sheet. We do retain the financial capacity and flexibility to continue our successful BD efforts and will continue to remain active in that arena.  Couple of comments about TYSABRI, we do feel that the TYSABRI launch, the one-year anniversary has progressed well. We are in the midst of driving the TYSABRI efficacy message worldwide. As you saw with the one-year TYSABRI anniversary press release on Monday morning, approximately 14,000 patients are on TYSABRI worldwide in the commercial or clinical trial setting. We had good successes during the quarter with European country launches. We received positive reimbursement decisions in France, Spain, and the UK; and all of these are important markets with large numbers of patients suffering from MS.  We expect this will add in momentum on uptake in the second half of 2007. Our reinvestment, our investments in the pipeline are working well. We are very pleased with the pipeline progress in the second quarter. We now have 15 programs in Phase II or beyond. We have multiple programs starting patient enrollment during Q2. The CDP323 program, which is the oral VLA-4 inhibitor in collaboration with UCB for relapsing-remitting multiple sclerosis, began enrolling in Phase IIb programs.  LT-beta receptor for rheumatoid arthritis began enrolling in Phase IIb programs. Evan will speak to that program briefly in a moment. BIIB014, which is small molecule program in collaboration with Vernalis for Parkinson's disease, began enrolling in Phase IIa programs.  Our three registrational programs continued enrolling patients in Q2, following start of enrollment in Q1. Just to remind you, that's the BG-12 program, the oral program for relapsing-remitting multiple sclerosis; galiximab for non-Hodgkin's lymphoma and lumiliximab for chronic lymphocytic leukemia.  Internal and external opportunities go hand-in-hand. A strong internal discovery organization is critical to attract and evaluate the best external opportunities and we have had success in both areas. We have made steady progress on the business development front over the past two years. We have executed on external growth with a number of smaller acquisitions and product collaborations that have large commercial potential.  We look for opportunities to create significant step-up in shareholder value and go after innovation or large markets, where innovation has been lacking. We have been flexible in how we have structured and integrated the deals and by tying milestone payments to continued clinical success, we have been able to pay out less than $640 million in upfront payments for rights to over 10 molecules over the past two years and that's a very good track record.  The most recent example is our agreement with Cardiokine on lixivaptan for heart failure announced in early July. Along with ADENTRI and Aviptadil, we expect that lixivaptan will help us establish a cardiopulmonary therapeutic area. And Evan will take you through some additional details on this in a moment.  I have just two more comments in my introductory remarks. As Peter will discuss, we are updating guidance to reflect the impact of our first half performance and the results of the Dutch Auction tender offering. The year is playing out much as we planned and as we had previously indicated to you. The first half of the year, we invested strongly behind TYSABRI and the initiation of a number of Phase III and Phase II trials. As predicted, this reduces our overall operating margin. We expect the growth rate for earnings in the second half of the year to increase as our P&L benefits from the leverage of the SG&A investment made for TYSABRI.  Finally, I would like to take few moments to thank Peter for his significant contributions to Biogen Idec over the years. We are sorry to see him go, but we wish him well with his future challenges at Merck. We are in the midst of evaluating our options for a CFO and I will update you on developments in the coming weeks. One of the things that great executives do is they recruit strong people and they build great teams, and Peter has done this for Biogen Idec. We will miss him, but he does leave behind a very strong organization. And I dearly like to thank him for his years of contribution here.  With that, I will turn the call over to Bob Hamm. 
Bob Hamm: Thanks, Jim. Let me start off by reminding everyone that we at Biogen Idec have the number-one prescribed MS therapy today in AVONEX. The product that has established a new level of efficacy, TYSABRI, which has been shown to delay the progression of disease and reduce relapses by two-thirds; and the best and broadest pipeline of MS compounds for the future.  Looking back over the past 12 months, we have made significant progress as a franchise. 12 months ago, we had one product, the leading MS therapy in the world in AVONEX; tremendous uncertainty surrounding TYSABRI; and a young, but interesting pipeline. Since then, we have received approval for TYSABRI; responsibly launched TYSABRI in the US under one of the most comprehensive risk management plans in the industry, launched in about 20 other countries, received a positive opinion by NICE in UK confirming the benefit of the product, and most importantly, gave hope and an option to patients suffering from a serious, debilitating disease.  Where one year ago, it was not clear that TYSABRI would even make it back to the market. This week we celebrate its one-year anniversary with approximately 14,000 patients on therapy, worldwide in the commercial and clinical settings, and over 1800 physicians is prescribing in the US alone. Momentum continues to build, with more and more patients starting therapy and more and more physicians prescribing every day.  Additionally, AVONEX sales remain strong, with unit volume growing from Q1 to Q2. Combined market share of AVONEX and TYSABRI is approximately 40% in US. In fact, considering both products together, Biogen Idec is the only company that has gained US MS market share over the past six months. As Jim mentioned earlier, our global MS business exceeded 500 million in revenue this quarter, growing 19% year-over-year.  Our pipeline has also matured in the past 12 months. We are the leader in the treatment of MS and we will continue to be the leader with our robust pipeline that has four products in Phase II or beyond, those being BG-12, RITUXAN 287, oral VLA4 and daclizumab.  Let's move now to the TYSABRI summary. TYSABRI continues to build momentum. As of mid July, there are approximately 14,000 patients on therapy globally, including over 8600 in the US, over 4300 in the EU, and around 1,000 in clinical trials. We expect this number to continue to accelerate as the number of prescribing physicians continues to climb and the number of countries with reimbursement increases throughout the remainder of 2007.  The 1800 physicians prescribing TYSABRI in the US today represent about 50% of MS unit volume. Significant opportunity remains with these physicians and those currently not prescribing. As you recall, I referenced through the majority of '06, we are focused on educating physicians on the TOUCH program and certifying infusion centers. Since then, our efforts have focused on providing the MS community with balanced information about the benefits of TYSABRI for appropriate patients.  As we move into the second year of launch, our efforts will focus both on increasing the breadth and depth of prescribers. Each day, we hear remarkable stories about how TYSABRI has benefited patients. As more physicians have more experience with TYSABRI and share this experience with peers, momentum will continue to build. It is important to note the makeup of the TYSABRI patients in the US. Four out of five patients prescribed TYSABRI are new to the Biogen Idec franchise. One-third of TYSABRI patients are returning quitters and naive patients, which is expanding the market.  As we have reported in previous earnings calls, glatiramer acetate continues to be the single largest source of TYSABRI patients year-to-date. The underlying market conditions that drive demand for TYSABRI have not changed. With over 200,000 patients being treated for MS today in the US and many thousands more, who have abandoned treatment for various reasons, there remains broad interest by physicians and patients who are impressed by TYSABRI's efficacy and convenient dosing regimen. That efficacy is illustrated by the reduction in relapses by two-thirds sustained over two years, as demonstrated in clinical trials, and the 13 infusions per year required of TYSABRI versus the more than 300 injections per year for some products.  On the international front, more than 4300 patients are on therapy in Europe as of mid-July. Germany and Sweden continue to provide the majority of the patients being dosed with TYSABRI. As of the end of May, TYSABRI had attained 4% of German MS market share and almost 8% of Swedish market share. It is expected that momentum in international markets will continue to accelerate throughout the year, driven by France, which launched in early June. It is the second-largest market in Europe and rapidly becoming a more significant source of patients -- another significant source of patients.  Two, the National Institute for Health and Clinical Excellence, NICE has recommended the use of TYSABRI to treat people with highly active relapsing-remitting MS, in recognition of its superior cost-benefit profile and efficacy benefits. This decision is expected to trigger reimbursement in UK sometime later in the year. TYSABRI is the first treatment for MS to be recommended for use by NICE.  Finally, Spain was launched in June with reimbursement in place. Belgium, Czech Republic and Slovenia are among other countries launching. We also continue to work toward full reimbursement in several countries including Portugal, Finland, Norway, and Austria. The international rollout is expected to continue throughout '07 and into '08, with 21 European countries expect to have launched by the end of the year.  In terms of AVONEX, AVONEX's performance was strong, as already noted, posting 8% growth year-over-year. AVONEX remains the most prescribed therapy worldwide and the number one therapy in US for more than 10 years. In US, AVONEX grew 3% year-over-year, while internationally AVONEX's revenue grew 14% in Q2 '07 year-over-year.  The message is clear that with its long-term efficacy profile, including many years of experience in position and patient communities and the number one position, AVONEX remains the product to start with. Of course, for those who need more efficacy, TYSABRI is the appropriate choice. We are now one year into the relaunch of TYSABRI and have moved from the uncertainty of approval to the certainty of approximately 14,000 patients on therapy.  At the same time, we remain the leader in MS. And I would like to remind everybody that we have the number one prescribed MS therapy today in AVEONEX. We have a product that has established a new level of efficacy in TYSABRI. We have the best and broadest pipeline of MS compounds for the future. We continue to recognize MS patients need more options, since they will have this disease for decades and it is unlikely only one drug will be appropriate over the course of their disease. From diagnosis to disease resolution, we're amassing the highest quality portfolio of compounds to address the unmet needs.  I will now hand the call over to Dr. Evan Beckman, our Senior Vice President of Immunology, R&D. 
Evan Beckman: Thank you, Bob. I will start with a quick introduction. My role at Biogen Idec is the head of our R&D efforts in immunology and emerging therapeutic areas such as cardiopulmonary. Today, I will provide just a snapshot of a few programs within this area of responsibility.  I will only have time to discuss the few programs and a bit of detail. But as you recall, we provided a comprehensive review of the pipeline at our R&D day during the second quarter on May 17. The slides from the R&D day presentations are still available on the Biogen Idec website, and I encourage you to use them as a reference.  First, let me start by providing a brief update on TYSABRI for Crohn's disease. In Europe, you likely saw last week that the CHMP has adopted a negative opinion on the approval of the application, and our press release indicating our plan to appeal the decision. We anticipate a decision on the appeal by first quarter 2008.  In the US, an FDA public advisory committee meeting is scheduled for July 31st to discuss the application. We and our partner along look forward to discussing the benefits and the risks of the drug in Crohn's disease with regulators and the committee in a public forum later this month.  In my remaining time, I will focus on just two of the programs I'm especially excited about that I believe provide a highlight of our internal and external pipeline efforts. Lixivaptan, in the process of being brought into a recent agreement with Cardiokine, which we expect to be a key part of our emerging cardiopulmonary therapeutic area, and the LT-beta fusion protein, a wholly-owned internally developed program now in late Phase II development.  Let me start with lixivaptan. We announced a collaboration agreement with Cardiokine in early July. Upon completion of the agreement, we will bring in this late-stage product, lixivaptan, which is an oral selective V2 vasopressin receptor antagonist. We expect the initial indication will be for treating hyponatremia, a complication often associated with heart failure or one of several other disorders.  We are excited about the program for a number of reasons. First, lixivaptan's clinical development plan calls for a start of Phase III programs in hyponatremia in heart failure patients by about the year's end. The Phase II data support and are robust moving into Phase III. The safety database includes well over 700 patients and volunteers to-date.  Notably, there is a Special Protocol Assessment agreement in place, which means that if the trials are successful, the FDA has agreed that the protocols meet regulatory requirements for approval. We expect that the indication will be hyponatremia or a low serum sodium.  There are an estimated 1.4 million patients with hyponatremia in the US. About 60% of the cases are associated with heart failure. The remainder associated with other serious disorders such as liver disease, cancer and SIADH. Because of the frequency of hyponatremia and the importance in heart failure, first trials will be in these patients. The unmet need here in congestive heart failure is significant. The mortality rate for heart failure is higher than most cancers, and heart failure is the most frequent cause of hospitalization.  Hyponatremia and other renal complications frequently extend the length of hospital stays and increases readmissions. Therefore, congestive heart failure is one of the top three disorders in terms of the cost burden to the healthcare system. A large component is the over 1 million hospitalizations for heart failure in the US each year. About 35% of the heart failure patients present after hospitalization with low sodium or hyponatremia. But the initial acute market is sizable, it's growing, and addressable with a specialty hospital-based sales force.  We believe lixivaptan has advantages over currently used therapies in heart failure, because it is an aquaretic or a therapy that removes free water without removing electrolytes such as potassium or sodium. Aquaretics have the potential to avoid limiting side effects used in heart failure, such as diuretics and side effects of positive inotropes, which are the current standards of care in heart failure. An aquaretic such as lixivaptan will also fit well with our current pipeline program, ADENTRI, which is a renal protectant also being developed for the treatment of heart failure.  We believe lixivaptan also has advantages over competitor therapies because it's an oral therapy and it's selective for the V2-specific vasopressin receptor. That avoids some of the side effects of dual receptor antagonists. We expect the initial Phase III trial in over 600 heart failure patients with hyponatremia will take between two and three years to run. Primary endpoint here will be an increase in serum sodium.  And we will provide more details as we get closer to the initiation of these studies. Along with ADENTRI and Aviptadil, we expect that lixivaptan will help us establish a cardiopulmonary therapeutic area. This new area now includes three Phase II programs the both lixivaptan and ADENTRI will be in Phase III development within the next six to 12 months.  Let me move on to the LT-beta fusion protein. So, this is an example of a highly-promising internal reprogram with great potential. We have recently significantly accelerated the clinical development of LT-beta IG in rheumatoid arthritis. We have already started enrolling patients in a robust Phase IIb program during this quarter. We plan to enroll a total of 500 patients across two trials, which will generate randomized efficacy data in two key rheumatoid arthritis populations, the DMARD or methotrexate inadequate responders, and the TNF inadequate responders.  The primary endpoint in both these trials will be the ACR 50 after three months; and patients will enroll in a safety extension trial after this. We expect that we will be able to establish the efficacy in these two key populations; establish the correct dose as well, which potentially is a once-a-month subcutaneous injection based on the activity that we saw in the Phase IIa trial. We will be able to talk more about that data that encouraged us to move forward rapidly after presentation of the Phase IIa trial data at a medical meeting. To briefly preview the data I will just tell you that we did examine, of course, the standard ACR components such as tender and swollen joint counts. It was a one-month study in over 50 patients.  I can also say that we explored multiple doses and came away impressed with the potency of this drug. We have submitted abstracts to the ACR meeting in Boston in November and hope to be able to present the data there.  So, in conclusion, I hope you came away with some of the same excitement we have for our growing pipeline. We continue to view 2007 as a year of executing on clinical trials, with 2008 a year of key data readout and decision points across all of the therapeutic areas in R&D.  With that, I will hand the call over to Peter Kellogg. 
Peter Kellogg: Thank you, Evan. As I begin, please let me remind everyone that GAAP financials are provided in tables 1 and 2 of the earnings release; table 3 is a reconciliation of the GAAP to non-GAAP financial results.  Now, before going through the financial review of Q2, I would like to highlight a few items that will have a meaningful impact on Biogen Idec's full-year financials. First, we completed our tender offer, which will impact both our shares outstanding as well as interest income and expense, but will be nicely accretive in 2007 and onward. Second, our effective tax rate has improved; and I will discuss that in further detail when I go through the P&L and come to the tax line.  And third, the $50 million upfront payment associated with the anticipated Cardiokine deal will impact R&D in Q3. These items, particularly the share repurchase, make modeling our business a bit more complex. As a result, I will incorporate these changes into updated 2007 guidance at the end of this section to clarify their implications on our full-year financials.  Let me begin with a quick recap of our $3 billion share repurchase. As you likely read in our recent press release, we were very pleased to announce that 56 million shares were repurchased at $53 per share for a total purchase of approximately $3 billion. Half of this repurchase was funded with cash, while the other half was funded with debt. This repurchase has allowed us to return cash to shareholders; take advantage of the recent share price; and optimize our capital structure while, as Jim said, maintaining investment-grade credit metrics and the capacity to continue to execute our external growth strategy. We are in the final stages of determining the optimal structure of the permanent debt, which will replace our temporary $1.5 billion bridge loan. We plan to announce the specifics regarding our final debt structure in the very near future.  Now, let's move on to our financial review of Q2, starting with our GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliation in accordance with Reg G, as we have provided in table 3, which breaks out the reconciliation by major driver. The main items excluded from operating non-GAAP in Q2 were, first, we adjusted $61 million in purchase accounting charges for the amortization of intangibles. As a reminder, the intangibles are primarily related to the Biogen Idec merger. Second, we adjusted for $8 million in pretax employee stock option expenses. $5 million of this is an adjustment in the SG&A line, while the remaining $3 million is in R&D. And third, we had $16 million of tax impact on the items I just mentioned.  Now as normal, I will move on to the non-GAAP P&L operating performance of Biogen Idec. We believe it is important to share this non-GAAP P&L with shareholders, since it better reflects the recurring economic characteristics of our business. It's how we manage the business internally and set operational goals, and forms the basis of our management incentive programs. So, in Q2, while we delivered $0.54 per share diluted EPS on the GAAP P&L, after the adjustments shown in table 3 our non-GAAP diluted EPS was $0.70 per share, which, as Jim mentioned, represents a 23% growth versus prior year.  Now, let's move through the second quarter non-GAAP P&L results in a bit more detail. In the second quarter, our total revenue was $773 million or 17% revenue growth over the same period last year. This is the second consecutive quarter that we posted a 17% top-line growth rate. The key drivers of this year-over-year increase included the continued growth of the AVONEX business, as Bob reviewed; the reintroduction and increasing penetration of TYSABRI; and the growth of the RITUXAN franchise driven by label expansions in the oncology and rheumatoid arthritis markets. Biogen Idec's MS franchise overall grew by an impressive 19% since last year. With the launch TYSABRI we continue to grow the MS market as new patients and former quitters join the market; and Bob reviewed that earlier.  Going through our product revenues, I would like to begin with AVONEX, the number one worldwide product in MS. In the second quarter, our worldwide AVONEX product sales were $462 million, an 8% increase over prior year. In the US, our Q2 AVONEX product sales were $270 million, a 3% increase over prior year. Now, given the TYSABRI launch, AVONEX's 3% year-over-year growth is quite an accomplishment and supports the overall growth of Biogen Idec's total MS franchise market share. Further, AVONEX continues to remain the most affordable ABCR therapy on the market.  The international AVONEX business has grown very nicely year-over-year as well. Despite the TYSABRI launch and an increasing competitive landscape, our second-quarter international AVONEX product sales were $192 million, up 14% versus prior year. This increase was driven equally by volume, which is up nearly 8%, as well as favorable foreign exchange, which was up approximately 7.5%. In other words, AVONEX's Q2 sales growth in local currency increased over 6% versus prior year. Our international performance remains quite strong in both our direct markets as well as indirect markets. Year-over-year growth exceeded 6% in our direct markets and approached 13% in our indirect markets.  In the second quarter, TYSABRI worldwide product sales were $48 million. And as Bob highlighted, TYSABRI continues to make strong progress in its launch worldwide. Given the recent reimbursement approval in France, the positive NICE recommendation in the UK, and the expected future approvals in other EU markets, we believe the international portion of the business in particular is well-positioned for accelerated growth. TYSABRI's financial highlights include US end-user or end-market TYSABRI sales totaled $47 million, which represents a 31% quarter-over-quarter increase. Just to remind you, Biogen Idec booked 22% of this amount.  International end-user or end-market TYSABRI sales totaled $25 million, which is nearly double the prior quarter. And again to remind you, Biogen Idec booked this entire amount. Additionally, you will note that our collaboration profit-sharing line, which represents our payment of 50% of profits outside the US to Elan, is approximately breakeven in Q2. We expect this number to become positive next quarter and henceforth, grow very nicely reflecting the growing profitability of our international TYSABRI business.  Moving to the other product revenue line, our Q2 ZEVALIN product sales were $4 million. And also in that line, our FUMADERM revenue was $5 million in Q2. Now, as I mentioned in our least earnings call, Biogen Idec took over distribution of FUMADERM in early May. At that point, we began shipping inventory ourselves and recognizing revenue again. This $5 million in Q2 represents approximately two months of revenue. We expect this number to increase in Q3 and onward, as we enjoy three full months of revenue each quarter.  Now moving on to the RITUXAN collaboration revenues, which is referred to on the P&L as revenue from unconsolidated joint business. That was $231 million in the second quarter, an increase of 12% year-over-year. As we always discuss, this number has several elements. First, we receive our share of the US RITUXAN profits. As reported by our partner, Genentech, US RITUXAN sales were $582 million in the second quarter. And our Q2 profit share from that business was $153 million, up 7% versus prior year. Secondly, we receive royalty revenue on sales of rituximab outside the US, and in Q2 this was $52 million, up 32% versus prior year. Third, we were reimbursed for $15 million of selling and development costs incurred related to RITUXAN. Moving down to the royalty line, our Q2 royalties were $23 million.  And now, I would like to move through the operating expense lines of our non-GAAP P&L. In the second quarter, cost of goods sold were $84 million or 11% of revenue. The R&D in the second quarter was $215 million, which is 28% of revenue, and notably it is a 39% year-over-year increase. Now, as Jim and Evan have already discussed, our pipeline continues to grow and advance really well, with many exciting programs under development, and I won't repeat all those points that have already been made here. But I would like to point out that during Q2, we announced a new collaboration with Cardiokine; but this was not closed, as it is subject to final Hart-Scott-Rodino approval. This transaction will incur a $50 million upfront payment to Cardiokine when it is closed. And we expect that this will occur and be booked in Q3.  Our second-quarter SG&A was $198 million or 26% of revenue, and that's a 23% increase over prior year. This growth rate of 23% reflects the fact that we are in the midst of a major TYSABRI marketing effort in the US, as well as a country-by-country rollout in Europe. These launch activities have required us to significantly increase our SG&A investments over the last few quarters. However, we do not expect to see further increases in the next two quarters. This quarter's SG&A is expected to be a high-water mark for 2007, if you will.  In Q2, our other income and expense was $32 million. Now, I will note that this includes a gain of $8 million from the sale of certain equity investments. In addition, there was no significant impact of our tender offer on OIE in Q2. On a go-forward basis, however, we do expect this line to be impacted by the loss of interest income on $1.5 billion in cash and the interest expense on $1.5 billion in debt.  Our Q2 tax rate on non-GAAP P&L was 22%. Now, this is obviously lower than our Q2 tax rate in the prior year, mainly driven by three positive factors. First, the IRS has just completed its audit for the fiscal years 2003 and 2004, needing Biogen Idec to record an immediate $15 million reduction in tax liabilities in the second quarter. Second, we continue to benefit from an increasing ratio of international-to-US income as both TYSABRI and AVONEX performed very well overseas.  Finally, we have incorporated the impact of our recent capital restructuring actions into the P&L. Overall, taking these changes into account, we expect our balance of year effective tax rate to be in the 28 to 30% range, and this should represent a new trend going forward. This brings us to our Q2 non-GAAP diluted EPS of $0.70 per share, which is, we have mentioned, is a 23% year-over-year increase.  So, in summary, Q2 was a very strong quarter. Our top-line growth was at 17%. We continue to progress our pipeline both internally as well as via the continued execution of our external growth strategy; and Evan reviewed a few of those points today. Also, we have successfully executed our $3 billion tender offer to repurchase shares, which will be accretive for 2007 and onward. And at the bottom line, we delivered 23% non-GAAP EPS growth.  Now, I would like to close with our revised 2007 non-GAAP P&L financial guidance. We now expect a higher annual revenue growth rate in the 16 to 18% range, and a bottom-line EPS growth rate in the 16 to 20% range. We expect similar financial margins for 2006 and 2007, except for R&D, which will be in the 28 to 30% of revenue range.  This includes the anticipated $50 million milestone payment to Cardiokine in Q3. As I have mentioned previously and as Jim reviewed earlier, we delivered our P&L in 2007 due to the significant investments required by the TYSABRI launch and several milestones related to our pipeline buildup. However, with the continued growth and success of our franchises, we expect to see increasing leverage on these investments going forward. As I just mentioned, we estimate an effective tax rate for the balance of the year in the range of 28 to 30%.  Fully diluted shares outstanding for the first half of the year were approximately 344 million shares. Due to the tender offer, this share count becomes far more important to get right; so let's go through some of the specifics. We fully expect -- or we expect a fully diluted share count to decrease to approximately 290 to 296 million shares for the second half of the year. On a full-year basis, I would like to remind everyone that a weighted average is used to determine the full-year share count.  Thus, we estimate fully diluted shares outstanding for the full-year 2007 to average around 316 million to 322 million shares. However, as we roll into 2008, the full-year share count should remain closer to the 290 to 296 million shares range that we end the year at. As a result of all these updates, we expect a higher 2007 non-GAAP diluted EPS in the range of $2.60 to $2.70 per share. On a GAAP basis, this translates to 2007 diluted EPS in the range of $1.84 to $1.94, excluding any future acquisitions or other transactions. And that compares to GAAP EPS of $0.53 per share in 2006. Finally, we expect capital expenditures to be in the 250 to $300 million range this year. So to recap, we now expect 16 to 18% top-line revenue growth, and 16 to 20% bottom-line non-GAAP EPS growth, thus making 2007 a very strong financial year.  In closing, as you know and as Jim mentioned, this is my last call as CFO of Biogen Idec. I have truly enjoyed my time here and I'm very proud of Biogen Idec's strong position and momentum today. Equally, I'm very appreciative of the finance team I leave behind, and I am confident that they are of the highest quality. I also appreciate the support that I received from throughout Biogen Idec and the investment community and have enjoyed working with all of you. Thank you very much.  Now, I would like to hand the call over to Jim for his closing comments. 
Jim Mullen: Thanks, Peter. So, in summary, Q2 was a very strong quarter. Very strong on the top-line, TYSABRI relaunch progressing very, very well. AVONEX continues to outperform -- I think most people's expectations, and I'm very proud of the group for doing that, and the RITUXAN business continues to grow nicely, especially with its, what I call, second life in autoimmune diseases. Furthermore, we have continued to progress both our internal and external pipeline activities. And our recent deal with Cardiokine emphasizes our commitment to our external growth strategy, as well as our focus on expanding into additional specialty therapeutic markets. And I'm also quite pleased with the extremely successful and expedited execution of our $3 billion leveraged share repurchase.  So, I will turn it back to Elizabeth now and we will open it up for Q&A. 
Elizabeth Woo: Thanks, Jim. So, operator, we are ready to queue up for Q&A, and I would just ask the participants on the call to limit yourselves to one question and reenter the queue to ask follow-up questions. Please state your name and your company affiliation. Thank you. Operator, we can take the first call. 
Operator: (Operator Instructions). Our first question comes from Jim Birchenough with Lehman Brothers. 
Jim Birchenough - Lehman Brothers: Hi, guys. Just wondering if you could comment, perhaps, on new patient adds that we are seeing for TYSABRI in the US and Europe? It seems like the weekly trends for new patient adds are declining in the US and accelerating in Europe. Just wondering if you are seeing the same thing, particularly in the US, what is underlying that trend? Just as a follow-up, just wondering if you could comment on discontinuations from therapy that you're seeing with TYSABRI? 
Jim Mullen: Bob, do you want to handle that? 
Bob Hamm: Sure. Thanks, Jim. On the new patient adds, I don't see the lack of acceleration that you're referring to, frankly. I see a steady-state and occasional blips upward in recent weeks. So I am not sure what is behind that analysis. I think in terms of the slides, if you look at the time frames we're talking about there, you can derive different views. On the discontinuation, it is clear that we have some discontinuations. We think they are running about the same as they have been for a while in terms of how they look against other products. The primary reasons tend to be AEs that occur, that are reported, hypersensitivity reactions, these kinds of things. But so far, the members are well within what we expected. 
Operator: Next question comes from the line of Mark Schoenebaum with Bear Stearns. 
Mark Schoenebaum - Bear Stearns: Maybe I could ask a question on TYSABRI for Crohn's. Can you guys maybe just clarify? I know I think you said Elan is kind of leading the effort here; but what exactly is the indication you are going to be looking for? Is it both induction and maintenance? And then I don't know if you guys have, I have been looking around, I can't find it. But do you have data specifically in TNF alpha failures? Will you have that data broken out for the committee on the 31st? Just a housekeeping question, just if you can give AVONEX share in the US and the EU. 
Jim Mullen: Okay, so why don't I let Evan take the first part; and probably Peter has got the best data on the AVONEX share. So Evan, you want to take TYSABRI in Crohn's? 
Evan Beckman: Sure, thanks, Jim. So in terms of the indication that we are looking at for TYSABRI in Crohn's, so we are looking for treatment of induction and maintenance in Crohn's disease. In terms of the patient populations, I think certainly that will be the focus of the discussion we have at the advisory committee, trying to define labeling language for an appropriate population. We have data. We have a large number of patients in the clinical development program for TYSABRI in Crohn's.  And we do have a number of different populations, including people who have been on anti-TNF therapies in the past. Importantly, most of this data has been presented at medical meetings in the past. The subgroups that you can look at are all showing very much the same data across, no matter how you break out the populations. So efficacy is preserved in even these kind of more refractory patient populations compared to the overall population. Certainly what we see is [CEBA] rates go way down in the small refractory populations. So we have the data, we have plenty of patients, and the efficacy is preserved across different populations. 
Peter Kellogg: I think the last question was on the market shares in the MS market for the U.S. I am assuming, Mark, what you're referring to. So in the US basically AVONEX right now is in the mid-30s range, kind of holding very nicely. The TYSABRI share is coming up towards 4%, in the mid 3s, going up to 4. So we are kind of in the high 30s, approaching 40 overall in total. So that is the trend. I think what you clearly would see is that TYSABRI is picking up share as time goes on. AVONEX has been holding actually quite well, as Bob pointed out. And some of the other therapies are giving more than their proportionate share to the TYSABRI growth. 
Operator: Next question comes from Bill Tanner with Leerink Swann. 
Bill Tanner - Leerink Swann: Thanks for taking the question. Just a question on the EMEA decision on TYSABRI for Crohn's. Evan, I know you just mentioned that you have got some subset data. I think that is going to be presented at the FDA advisory committee. Just curious if the European regulators saw that subset data. Then with an appeal, it seems like there's probably going to have to be the provision of additional data. So then is it contemplated or is it planned, I guess, that you guys would be submitting that data? Then I guess subsequently, if the FDA required additional clinical testing, what would be the bent, I guess, of the companies to do that? 
Jim Mullen: I am going to let Evan maybe put some more detail behind this; but just to put a little context between the European decisions and the US process, they are a different process. You know, we can very well see different outcomes on the European process. It is our belief that they did not fully reflect on, in particular, some of the subset data, but the data overall. But remember, in Europe it is a question of their major control point is the label. In the US, the major control on distribution and use for TYSABRI will be through a risk management program. So I think that puts a very different context to those two different deliberations. Now maybe, Evan, you can add a couple of more detailed points. 
Evan Beckman: I think, Jim actually put it pretty well. I'm not going to add too much to that. We believe in Europe that the data package, we believe that emphasis could be placed on certain aspects of the data in a way that perhaps wasn't done adequately during the initial review. So we plan to do that. I don't think, your other question was about follow-on trials, and I think it is really too preliminary to talk about that. 
Jim Mullen: We continue to be quite interested in the GI indications overall. We think ultimately that will be a play for TYSABRI. 
Operator: Next question comes from Michael Aberman with Credit Suisse. 
Michael Aberman - Credit Suisse: Great, thanks guys. Choosing my question, can you talk about the update on the battle with [DNA] over second-generation RITUXAN? I think we learned that you lost an injunction. They're moving forward with, at least the first part of an injunction. And they're moving forward pretty aggressively with that second generation. It's on how you are going to, how you're thinking about that program? 
Jim Mullen: Yes, there is really not a lot to report since we have talked about this before. The dispute centers around decision-making rights. This is a partnership that goes essentially into perpetuity until there are no sales or profits left. So it is important to get alignment and agreement on how we're going to operate this thing going forward. As I have said previously, our expectation is that all these programs will continue to move forward. As they have. Some of the things in the arbitration are, we will just have to see how those things play out over time. I wouldn't read too much into those. 
Michael Aberman - Credit Suisse: I guess just a follow-up. The question is, once these things get started, if you lost the injunction phase of the arbitration, what is the point of continuing it on, if the trials are going to be pretty far along by the time the decision is made? I think they mentioned another 12 months at least until a decision. Is that right? 
Jim Mullen: Well, I think I just illustrated the point. The point is around decision-making rights ultimately over the program. Remember, 287 is but one of the programs and one of the variants of these programs overall. So you know, I just wouldn't read too much into any little activity here. It is important that we get an agreement. If that will come via arbitration, so be it, on what the decision-making rights that are embedded in this contract and what is the proper interpretation of those. In the meantime, the programs will move forward. 
Michael Aberman - Credit Suisse: Thanks. 
Operator: Next question comes from Geoff Meacham with J.P. Morgan 
Geoff Meacham - J.P. Morgan: Thanks for taking the question. A question for you on slide 11, your source of TYSABRI patients. Can you talk a little bit about what changes you have seen, say over the past six to 12 months on this? It just seems to me that the percent of patients switching from AVONEX to TYSABRI has maybe declined in the past few quarters. 
Bob Hamm: This is Bob Hamm, Geoff. Yes, that is exactly right. The -- beginning in January and continuing, the AVONEX portion of switchers has declined. And Glatiramer acetate has remained, as I said, the number-one source for switching. And a naive and clear population has remained pretty constant throughout that period. 
Jim Mullen: The big takeaway is if you look at five patients coming on to TYSABRI, four of them are new to the MS franchise for us. And so, we think that is a very strong position to be in. 
Geoff Meacham - J.P. Morgan: Just a follow-up to that. When you look at the O-US AVONEX growth on top of a TYSABRI rollout, does that suggest at all the MS market may be growing outside the US? 
Bob Hamm: I think it is a little too early to tell, because all the countries are coming up. But clearly, we would expect that to happen based on the patient profiles coming in. 
Geoff Meacham - J.P. Morgan: All right. Thank you. 
Operator: Your next question comes from May-Kin Ho with Goldman Sachs. 
May-Kin Ho - Goldman Sachs: Hi. I know it is early days yet, but if you look at the TYSABRI patients, how many percent of those are actually native patients at this point? 
Bob Hamm: It has been steady at around 4%. 
May-Kin Ho - Goldman Sachs: 4% are native? 
Bob Hamm: Yes. 
May-Kin Ho - Goldman Sachs: Less in Europe? 
Bob Hamm: Europe it is much harder to tell, and it's only anecdotal information. Primarily what we know is that the early data we have was a predominance of patients coming in with switchers from the Rebif product and the Betaseron product, the high-dose interferons. 
May-Kin Ho - Goldman Sachs: Okay, thank you. 
Bob Hamm: Welcome. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Ian Somaiya with Thomas Weisel Partners. 
Ian Somaiya - Thomas Weisel Partners: Go ahead; I think you were planning to answer the question. 
Peter Kellogg: Yes, if you don't mind, I was just going to make the point that the source of that data that you see in that pie-chart comes from our risk map system. And so, we actually have patients come in, we know their history and where they come from; that is why we have such good data in the US whereas internationally, we don't have the exact same system in data collection. So, it is harder for Bob; he is using more [sample] examples as in a full market survey. I'm sorry, Ian, I didn't mean to interrupt you, though. 
Ian Somaiya - Thomas Weisel Partners: No, no, no. It is quite all right. So, I just had a question on the arbitration process. I know you have been fairly clear that the reason for the arbitration is decision-making rights. But I was wondering if the parties are -- both parties are amenable to some financial agreement just to get through this process, given the competition that is looming now? 
Jim Mullen: Well, clearly, we both are aligned with the major objective, which is to move this franchise forward as aggressively as possible. And to that end, there are multiple programs embedded in this collaboration. That is both the excitement about the collaboration and the product, the CD20 overall; but it is also the challenge in trying to manage a broad collaboration like that.  In terms of other discussions that might be going on, I wouldn't care to characterize any of those. I think both parties continue to be interested in working to a resolution so that we can focus on competition. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Joel Sendek with Lazard. 
Joel Sendek - Lazard Capital Markets: Thanks, I have a question on lixivaptan. You mentioned the trial that you're going to do will take two to three years. I am wondering if that is the only trial that you will need under the SPA; or if there will be other trials that you would need or would contemplate other pivotal trials? Thanks. 
Evan Beckman: Yes, hi, thanks. It is Evan. So, yes, of course, there are other trials, and we will give more details about those as we initiate them. But there will be several other trials. For approval in general, the standard is two well-controlled pivotal studies. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Geoffrey Porges with Sanford Bernstein. 
Geoffrey Porges - Sanford Bernstein: Thanks very much for taking the question. Peter, congratulations and maybe a quick question for you before you head out the door. Peter, can you give us a little bit of sense of how the P&L could evolve, certainly over the balance of this year, and even looking a little further than that in your comments one thing you didn't talk about was gross margin. Could you give us a little bit of sense of how that might change? You have got currency in here, you have got a little bit of a change in your product mix. How do you think the gross margin outlook is likely to evolve, certainly through this year and as far as you can give us some commentary? Thanks. 
Peter Kellogg: Sure, thanks, Geoffrey. So, obviously, the gross margin on our P&L is a little tricky to think through, because obviously you have got very different elements up above in the revenue line. You have got AVONEX which has had a very traditional cost of sales I think you are all very familiar with. It's obviously in the high 80s. You have got the RITUXAN franchise business, which really has in a sense no cost of sales. So, as the RITUXAN franchise business performs well, you get a margin performance. Then you have TYSABRI, which I think as we have covered in the past, in the short-term is working through this year an inventory that, when it was in the position it was in when we suspended the product the first time it was actually written down. So, you see kind of a slightly enhanced gross margin for this year.  I think if you -- we haven't really given guidance beyond 2007; so I wouldn't want to start doing that now. But the only comment I would just make is that I don't think that, with all those different blending events, you get dramatic changes in the gross margin over time. But I will leave that to guidance given in future years. But I don't think that anybody has ever kind of indicated that you'll see really dramatic changes and shifts in the gross margin level of the company. But clearly it has picked up a little bit as we have moved from last year to this year. 
Geoffrey Porges - Sanford Bernstein: That's very helpful. Congratulations again. 
Peter Kellogg: Thank you. 
Operator: Your next question comes from George Farmer with Wachovia Securities. 
George Farmer - Wachovia Securities: Hi. Thanks for taking my question. Peter, maybe you can comment a little bit, thinking, going forward, how expense management can be maintained, particularly on the R&D front with so many new products maturing, which seems to be accelerating disproportionately to maybe general sales build? And how you think about that going forward? 
Jim Mullen: Instead of Peter taking that, why don't I take it? 
George Farmer - Wachovia Securities: Okay, Jim. 
Jim Mullen: I mean, how do we look at it? Obviously, we break the thing down program by program. But and we have a pretty good sense of what the forward committed spends are on these programs. There is always a little judgment that has to be applied to these things, because things happen in development. Either things take longer or in the case of LT-beta we decided to accelerate that program, and then things fail. So we are assuming there is going to be some of the typical attrition of our programs as they go through. What you are seeing by the end of this year is pretty much the full run rate for the Phase IIIs on those late-stage programs.  I think if we continue to have good success and strong top-line growth, frankly we are going to be able to start to pull back a little bit on the R&D spending as a percentage of sales. The other thing to think about and it is hard to get underneath these numbers from the outside, I can appreciate that, but two other elements in that R&D line. One, we have pushed through there a fair number of milestones in the past couple of years. And so we embed those into the R&D line, and we regard those as an ongoing cost of business. I think that is the proper way to look at it, but nevertheless that is not an underlying run rate. So that would be the first point.  And the second point is the leverage that we get on the manufacturing infrastructure as we have not only more products going through R&D, but more importantly that the utilization of the capacity increases as TYSABRI pulls through and other products start to make their way to the market. So you get some trade-off there. So there is some, frankly, there is some natural freeing of resource that moves from a couple of different directions that embedded in all those numbers. I'm pretty confident that we can not exceed this 30% number and move it down, and still move this entire pipeline forward. And we have organized our way and modeled it that way.  I suppose there is one other outcome, which I would not consider necessarily bad, which is a lot of these things succeed and we are very excited and we decide we are going to invest a little higher for a couple of years. But that's going to be on the basis of strong Phase II and Phase III data, that you guys can all see and evaluate. That is another way to think about it, but we have not gotten that far yet. Although importantly, 2008, there is a lot of data that will flow out of the second half of 2008. So I think we are going to be pretty interested to start to see that data. 
George Farmer - Wachovia Securities: So Jim, when you mean 30%, you mean 30 R&D as a percentage of sales? 
Jim Mullen: Yes. 
George Farmer - Wachovia Securities: Okay. 
Jim Mullen: Yeah, don't anybody stick a 30% growth rate against. 
George Farmer - Wachovia Securities: Okay. Thanks very much. 
Jim Mullen: Thanks for the clarity. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Chris Raymond with Robert W. Baird & Company. 
Chris Raymond - Robert W. Baird & Company: Thanks for taking the question. Just a detail on AVONEX, I know you broke out the international revenue numbers in terms of volume growth versus foreign exchange. But I know you don't typically break out country by country. But is there any impact on the volume growth being driven by the Japan launch? Can you maybe quantify some of that? 
Jim Mullen: I will take it because it's even a question I can answer. So it doesn't need -- so there is not a lot of volume that's coming out of Japan at this point in time. Japan as an MS market is 10, 12, may be 20,000 patients, total market there to get after. So it is only, we are in the very early days there. I don't think you can be, that's a couple decimal places over from our total volume at this point.  I think, hopefully, in 2008 and beyond it will start to become a meaningful contributor on the revenue and profitability side. And its also, just to remind everybody, sort of a critical beachhead, where we have got a fully integrated organization there development and commercial now on the ground in Japan, which allows us to continue to hold on and capture the value of these other products as we bring them to the market. 
Chris Raymond - Robert W. Baird & Company: So the volume growth is predominantly Europe, then? 
Jim Mullen: The volume growth is, yeah, that is Europe. Yeah, any of that ex-U.S. growth you are seeing is pretty much a Western European growth. 
Elizabeth Woo: Operator, I think we can take one or two more questions. 
Operator: Okay. Your question next question comes from Maged Shenouda with UBS. 
Maged Shenouda - UBS: Hi, thanks for taking my question. Just a follow-up on that ex-US AVONEX number, were there any excess inventory or stocking components to that? 
Jim Mullen: Not that we are aware of, really. Certainly not in the direct markets, which is the large majority of the volume and on indirect markets, some of those markets work on a tender process; but that kind of comes in a regular cycle. So, you don't tend to see, per se, inventory blips in any big way. So likewise, because we didn't mention the US the inventory has been very steady through the channels that we track and so forth. So I don't think there is any notable inventory trends or impacts to any of these financials or any of the revenue results our AVONEX for Q2. 
Maged Shenouda - UBS: Okay, great. Thank you. 
Jim Mullen: Sure. 
Operator: Your last question comes from William Sargent with Banc of America Securities. 
William Sargent - Banc of America Securities: Hello. Thank you very much for taking my question. I had a real quick questions just on the run rate of physicians prescribing TYSABRI in the US, over a similar period from the last report, it looks like its slowed down a bit. I know on the last conference call, what you're hearing from the field is that two-year time point is where you might see some uptick in physicians prescribing. So I'm wondering if this is closer to what you see as a run rate over a similar timeframe moving forward for new physicians. And then also, if you could give us any guidances around the mean number of patients per physician and whether you have seen that declining or relatively staying the same as new physicians come on. Thank you. 
Jim Mullen: So, thanks for the question, William. The mean number of physicians has continued to be over 100 per month, new prescribers being added to the mix. And that has been consistent all along. There is a minority of physicians out there that are concerned about the duration effect and want to wait a while. But apparently, more and more physicians are coming on each month. So that has become, of course over time less and less of a concern for most. In terms of the number of patients per physician, that continues to grow nicely from an early adopter standpoint to now.  We have hundreds that are getting more and more patients on the drug. The key aspect psychologically I think here is that a lot of physicians want to put their toe in the water, so to speak, understand how they are going to manage the TOUCH program and what not. So they tend to take one patient through or two patients through to make sure they can handle that, especially at some of the smaller clinics. And as they gain that experience, as we said, we expect them to continue to find more and more patients to put on therapy over time. 
Elizabeth Woo: Well, thank you, everyone. That was our last question. Thanks for joining us on this call today and enjoy the rest of your summer. 
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes the Biogen Idec second quarter 2007 earnings release conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2007 Q1  (2007-05-02 08:30:00) =====
Executives

===== 2006 Q4  (2007-02-15 08:30:00) =====
Executives

===== 2006 Q3  (2006-10-31 08:30:00) =====
Executives

===== 2006 Q2  (2006-07-26 09:30:00) =====
Executives

===== 2006 Q1  (2006-04-26 08:30:00) =====
Executives

===== 2005 Q4  (2006-02-17 17:00:00) =====
Executives
