===== 2025 Q1  (2025-04-23 09:30:00) =====
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Baker Hughes Company First Quarter 2025 Earnings Call. At this time all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions will follow at that time. As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded. I would now like to introduce your host for today's conference, Mr. Chase Mulvehill, Vice President of Investor Relations. Sir, you may begin.
Chase Mulvehill: Thank you. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to Baker Hughes first quarter earnings conference call. Here with me are our Chairman and CEO, Lorenzo Simonelli; and our CFO, Ahmed Moghal. The earnings release we issued yesterday evening can be found on our website at bakerhughes.com. We will also be using a presentation with our prepared remarks during this webcast, which can be found on our investor website. As a reminder, we will provide forward-looking statements during this conference call. These statements are not guarantees of future performance and involve a number of risks and assumptions. Please review our SEC filings and website for the factors that could cause actual results to differ materially. Reconciliation of adjusted EBITDA and certain GAAP to non-GAAP measures can be found in our earnings release. With that, I'll turn the call over to Lorenzo.
Lorenzo Simonelli: Thank you, Chase. Good morning, everyone, and thanks for joining us. Before getting into the results, I would like to welcome Ahmed to the earnings call as our new CFO. Ahmed brings extensive experience and a deep understanding of the Baker Hughes portfolio. He will collaborate with me and the broader executive team to advance our strategic priorities with a clear focus on profitable growth and sustained margin improvement. Now let me start by providing a quick outline for today's call. I will begin by providing our thoughts on the macro environment before discussing our strong first quarter results. I will then highlight key awards and technology developments announced during the quarter. After this, I will briefly speak to our outlook before handing the call over to Ahmed, who will provide more details on our financial performance, walk through the potential tariff impacts to our business and provide further detail around our outlook. Ahmed will then hand it back to me for a quick recap before we open the line for questions. Now let's turn to our macro outlook. Starting on Slide 4. The global economy has started cautiously this year due to ongoing geopolitical tensions, uncertainty around trade policy and tariffs, China's slower growth rate and lingering inflationary pressures. Specifically for Baker Hughes, we continue to monitor the evolving landscape closely and are taking proactive steps to mitigate the potential impact of changes in trade policy, particularly tariff rates. Broadly speaking, our strong weighting to international markets, along with a diversified, localized supply chain and established competitive position helps reduce our overall financial exposure. Later during the call, Ahmed will provide more detail on the potential implications for Baker Hughes. Turning to oil markets. There are several factors driving downward pressure on oil prices. As announced earlier in the first quarter, OPEC+ has now begun executing its plan to return 2.2 million barrels per day of previously idled oil production to the market. Subsequently, oil prices saw increased volatility stemming from elevated tariff uncertainty that's affecting global GDP and oil demand. With the softening macro backdrop, we now expect global upstream spending to be down by high-single digits in 2025, including a mid- to high single-digit decline internationally and a low-double digit decrease in North America. Excluding Mexico, international upstream spend is expected to fall in the low- to mid-single digit range. These expectations assume a stabilization of oil prices around the current levels and tariffs hold at the current 90-day pause rates. A sustained move lower in oil prices or worsening tariffs would introduce further downside risk to this outlook. The prospects of an oversupplied oil market, rising tariffs, uncertainty in Mexico and activity weakness in Saudi Arabia are collectively constraining international upstream spending levels. Amid broader market softness, we see pockets of resilience in key international markets like Brazil and several countries in the Middle East and Asia Pacific. In North America, discretionary spending delays are extending into the second quarter, driven by ongoing uncertainty. Additionally, recent oil price volatility presents potential downside to second half activity, particularly in U.S. land. While second half visibility remains limited, we expect to outperform the broader North American market supported by our production weighted portfolio. On natural gas, we see a more positive outlook. Long-cycle gas-levered projects in LNG, gas infrastructure and data centers continue to make progress towards FID. Rising gas-fired power demand underscores a long-term shift in market fundamentals and affected by near-term macroeconomic volatility. To this point, natural gas demonstrated the strongest increase in demand among fossil fuels in 2024, led by a significant increase in power consumption. According to the IEA, gas demand increased by 115 bcm or 2.7% compared with an average of 75 bcm annually over the past decade. Strong gas fundamentals remain positive for LNG contracting trends. Wood Mackenzie reports that 15.5 MTPA of long-term LNG offtake contracts were signed in the first quarter, following a record 81 MTPA last year. These statistics highlight consumer confidence in long-term global LNG and natural gas demand. In the U.S., the repeal of the LNG permitting moratorium and the administration's stated goal of increasing U.S. LNG exports has led to an improvement in orders for U.S. LNG projects. We have now booked around $1.7 billion of orders for U.S. LNG projects over the past two quarters. Given this positive backdrop, several key LNG customers in the Gulf Coast are indicating plans to further expand capacity beyond 2030. This offers greater clarity regarding the potential increase an installed capacity above the anticipated 800 MTPA by the end of the decade. I would now like to address our outlook given the current macroeconomic environment. We have a clear view of the near-term direct impact that tariffs will have on our business and are actively implementing a number of mitigation actions. However, the ongoing and dynamic trade negotiations between the U.S. and its trading partners, and the uncertainty regarding the eventual status of tariff rates and other trade policies across key markets, introduce a high degree of variability. Given this backdrop, we are providing our second quarter guidance along with a framework for our 2025 outlook, which Ahmed will cover in more detail later. As we evaluate the path forward, it is important to recognize the different dynamics across our segments. OFSE is facing a wider range of potential outcomes driven by reduced upstream spending, tariff-related cost inflation, and exposure to more cyclical markets limiting visibility beyond the current quarter. IET offers greater visibility and is well positioned in this environment, supported by a healthy equipment backlog, substantial recurring revenues, and strong operational performance, underscoring the strength and balance of our portfolio. We remain confident in our strategy. Our focus is on the areas within our control, driving productivity, executing with discipline and accelerating our efforts to be a leaner, more efficient company. Turning to our first quarter operational performance on Slide 5. We delivered strong results maintaining the trend of meeting or exceeding the midpoint of our EBITDA guidance for the ninth consecutive quarter. We also set new first quarter records for revenue and our adjusted measures of EPS, EBITDA and EBITDA margin. Adjusted EBITDA of $1.04 billion increased by 10% year-over-year led by IET, where EBITDA has increased by at least 30% for five consecutive quarters. Industrial & Energy Technology experienced a solid start to the year booking $3.2 billion of orders with segment backlog reaching another record level of $30.4 billion. Excluding LNG equipment, orders totaled a robust $2.7 billion. During the quarter, we generated free cash flow of $454 million and returned a total of $417 million to shareholders. Our strong first quarter results reflect our commitment to profitable growth and continuous margin improvement. Solid operational execution and transformation progress are driving structural margin improvement with our adjusted EBITDA margin expanding by 140 basis points to 16.1%, including gains across both segments, even as a softer upstream market weighed on OFSE. Turning to Slide 6. We are witnessing strong commercial momentum across new and existing markets. This was reinforced by the record attendance at our recent Annual Meeting in Florence, Italy which brought together over 2,300 customers and delegates from 85 countries. Importantly, we had representation across industrial and energy ecosystems. Including participants from mining, steel, cement, industrial power generation and data center markets. Following several customer engagements at this event, we booked multiple data center awards, marking our entrance into this market and further expanding IET's industrial reach. Of the 35 Nova LTs booked during the quarter, 22 will be utilized to power data centers. This amounts to more than 350 megawatts of power for this high growth market. In March, we signed an agreement with Frontier Infrastructure to develop large scale CCS and power solutions for data centers including the development of behind-the-meter gas-fired power generation that will utilize on Nova LT turbines. This partnership will leverage technologies and services across Baker Hughes by providing CO2 compression, industrial gas turbines, digital monitoring solutions, well construction and completion services. We also secured an order from Turbine-X Energy, one of Baker Hughes network of authorized packages in North America. The scope includes Nova LT gas turbines gears and power generation technology for microgrid solutions to power data centers. In gas infrastructure, we secured an award in North America for two pipeline compression stations, which will provide feed gas to a Gulf Coast LNG facility. This award includes a total of 10 gas turbines and 10 centrifugal compressors. Generally, we see growing opportunities in North America for gas infrastructure driven by LNG capacity expansion along the Gulf Coast and AI-led demand for gas pad data centers. We also received an award to supply our Nova LT gas turbine and a pipeline compressor for a gas boosting station in the U.K. This equipment order is part of National Gas Transmission's broader investment to enhance the U.K.'s gas infrastructure, ensuring energy security and reducing overall emissions. In LNG, we secured an order for a liquefaction train in North America. We will provide four main refrigerant compressors driven by LM6000 gas turbines and four expander compressors. We also sign key strategic framework agreements with NextDecade and Argent LNG, growing our pipeline of potential orders. For NextDecade, the scope includes equipment for five additional trains totaling 30 MTPA of liquefaction capacity at the Rio Grande LNG facility. This will be complemented by contractual services agreements for these equipment packages. Argent LNG has selected Baker Hughes to provide liquefaction, power solutions, and related aftermarket services for its proposed 24 MTPA LNG export facility in Louisiana. Importantly, the project will employ Bakers Hughes nimble modularized LNG solution driven by the LM9000 gas turbine, while also utilizing our iCenter and Cordant digital solutions. Including NextDecade and Argent, we now have LNG supply agreements in place for over 120 MTPA. This provides visibility for potential LNG equipment orders into the latter part of this decade. In Gas Tech Services, we experienced a record quarter for upgrade orders increasing by 167% year-over-year as many operators look to drive efficiencies, reduce emissions, and extend the life of their gas infrastructure projects. This was the largest order quarter for upgrades in the history of the company. In the Middle East, we received a significant upgrade award to support one of the world's largest gas processing plants. The scope includes the upgrade of two existing gas turbines to drive new compressors and the supply of a third compression train to support production expansion. Separately, the team is partnering with SONATRACH to deliver an upgrade solution to support the modernization of a key compressor station in Algeria. Turning to Oilfield Services & Equipment. We experienced sustained commercial momentum through market uncertainty during the first quarter. Petrobras continues to leverage our innovative solutions to help unlock Brazil's vast energy supply. During the quarter, Baker Hughes received a major integrated completion systems order across multiple deepwater fields in Brazil. In Mature Assets Solutions, OFSE received an award from SOCAR in Azerbaijan to expand deployment of Leucipa to all wells in the Absheron and Gunseli fields including those with non-Baker Hughes electric submersible pumps. We also signed a multi-year frame agreement with Equinor to provide plugging services on the Norwegian continental shelf. As part of this agreement, Baker Hughes' Mature Assets Solutions team will lead the integrated plug and abandonment campaign, managing the planning and execution across the North Sea's Oseberg East field. Across the Baker Hughes Enterprise, we are capturing increasing commercial synergies between OFSE and IET. Through our early engagement on gas infrastructure, CCUS, geothermal and data center projects. Looking out to horizon 2, our pipeline of enterprise-wide opportunities continues to grow as customers seek solutions to address their energy efficiency and decarbonization needs. In addition to the previously mentioned Frontier agreement, we booked two orders that highlight commercial synergies across the enterprise. OFSE was awarded a multi-year contract to provide integrated coiled tubing drilling services on the Margham Gas storage project in Dubai. This award was facilitated by IETs existing customer relationship with Dubai Supply Authority who previously ordered ICL compressors for the same project. We are also observing this commercial trend offshore. In OFSE, we received a significant multi-year award from ExxonMobil Guyana to provide specialty chemicals and related services for FPSOs, which complements our IET scope that includes power generation and compression equipment previously awarded. Moving to new energy. We booked $238 million of orders and maintain our 2025 order target of $1.4 billion to $1.6 billion. During the quarter, we booked an award to supply three electric motor-driven CO2 compression trains and gearboxes for a CCS project in Northwestern Europe. We also made progress on several new energy technology developments. In geothermal, we have been selected by the U.S. Air Force and the Department of Defense to explore the development of utility scale geothermal power. During the quarter, we also announced the joint development and collaboration agreement with Hanwha for the development of a new small-scale turbine for ammonia applications. The new ammonia turbine will be suitable across shipping, FPSO, and gas infrastructure markets. Overall, we had a positive start to the year from a commercial and technology engagement perspective and remain confident in our IET orders guidance range this year. We are building strong order and technology pipelines that extend beyond our traditional oil and gas markets, providing additional life cycle growth opportunities that further enhance our earnings durability. Baker Hughes is well positioned to deliver sustainable growth and long-term shareholder value, and we're excited about the future as we advance into the next phase of our journey. With that, I'll turn the call over to Ahmed, who will provide more details on our quarterly results, tariff exposure and guidance.
Ahmed Moghal: Thanks, Lorenzo. I'll begin on Slide 8 with an overview of our consolidated results, and then speak to segment performance before providing details of our exposure to evolving trade policy and tariffs. I will also provide a quick summary of our outlook before handing it back to Lorenzo for final comments. As Lorenzo mentioned, orders got off to a solid start to the year, booking $6.5 billion for the total company and included $3.2 billion in IET. Adjusted EBITDA increased by 10% year-over-year to $1.04 billion, driven by strong IET revenue growth and continued margin expansion across both segments. GAAP diluted earnings per share were $0.40, excluding adjusting items, earnings per share were $0.51, an increase of 19% when compared to the same quarter last year. We generated free cash flow of $454 million for the quarter. For the full-year, we continue to target free cash flow conversion of 45% to 50% with a normal weighting towards the second half of the year. Turning to capital allocation on Slide 9. Our balance sheet remains in a very strong position, ending the first quarter with cash of $3.3 billion, a net debt-to-EBITDA ratio of 0.6x and liquidity of $6.3 billion. Our next debt maturity is not until December 2026, and S&P recently upgraded our long-term credit rating to A. We returned $417 million to shareholders in the first quarter. This included $229 million of dividends and $188 million of share repurchases. We remain committed to returning 60% to 80% of free cash flow to shareholders. I will now highlight the results for both segments, starting with IET on Slide 10. During the quarter, we booked solid IET orders of $3.2 billion. This included $510 million for LNG equipment, $104 million for data centers, and record gas tech service upgrades of $272 million. Book-to-bill was 1.1x, resulting in IET RPO of $30.4 billion that reached a new record. This RPO level and a structural growing installed base provides significant revenue visibility for IET over the coming years. IET revenue increased by 11% year-over-year to $2.9 billion, led by a 20% increase in gas tech equipment and 114% growth in Climate Tech Solutions, partially offset by Gas Tech Services. EBITDA growth significantly outpaced segment revenue, increasing 30% year-over-year as margins expanded by 240 basis points to 17.1% despite mixed headwinds. This performance was driven by a strong margin expansion in Gas Tech Equipment supported by productivity from project closeouts. IET continues to benefit from the lean strategies being adopted across operations that are driving structural margin improvement. Turning to OFSE on Slide 11. OFSE revenue in the quarter was $3.5 billion, down 10% sequentially as we experienced enhanced seasonal weakness across many international markets. Economic and tariff uncertainty to start the year resulted in customers delaying discretionary spending primarily impacting direct equipment sales. In international markets, revenue declined 11% sequentially, driven by a significant slowdown in activity in Mexico. Rig activity in Mexico declined sequentially by 52%, now down 72% from 2023's peak levels. Excluding Mexico and SSBS, international revenue was down 7% sequentially, more aligned with typical seasonal declines. In North America, revenue declined 5% sequentially, driven by seasonal weakness in offshore. North America land was down 3% as strength in drilling services and drill bits were offset by lower revenue across most other businesses. OFSE EBITDA margin rate was 17.8%, improving 80 basis points year-over-year, even with segment revenue declining by 8%. This is a testament to the team's hard work to structurally change the way we operate. Due to the previously mentioned Mexico weakness and delays in discretionary customer spending, segment EBITDA of $623 million was between the low and midpoint of our guidance range. Turning to Slide 12. I want to walk through our outlook and how the current environment could impact performance. I'll begin by outlining the potential tariff impacts to Baker Hughes then walk through our full-year framework and conclude with detailed guidance for the second quarter. While the situation remains fluid, we have been conducting comprehensive scenario planning exercises and continue to develop and implement mitigation strategies to manage through this period of volatility. In our OFSE segment, our strong international presence provides us a degree of protection against tariff impacts, since approximately 80% of segment revenue is derived from markets outside the U.S. Domestically, we benefit from our broad U.S. manufacturing footprint and a resilient local supply chain. However, we do expect some cost headwinds tied to imports from China, Germany, and the U.K. We also sourced some oilfield components and chemicals from Canada and Mexico, a portion of which qualify under USMCA provisions. To reduce reliance on these imports for OFSE, we have been working with U.S. supply chain partners to increase domestic sourcing. Additionally, we have engaged with customers on cost recovery initiatives which have led to encouraging outcomes to date. Within IET, we have identified three areas of tariff exposure. First, a portion of Industrial Tech's U.S. volumes exported to China may be impacted by new trade policies. Second, we supply critical equipment to U.S. projects from our facilities in Italy, although this backlog has limited exposure due to existing contractual terms. Third, we anticipate modest impact from steel and aluminum tariffs as well as U.S. China trade activity. Similar to OFSE, we're deploying several mitigation strategies within IET including exploring domestic procurement alternatives to reduce input costs and optimizing our global manufacturing footprint. We expect these actions combined with continued productivity gains will largely offset the tariff-related impacts. After accounting for these offsets across both segments, we estimate a net EBITDA impact in the range of $100 million to $200 million. This assumes current tariff rates supplied during the 90-day pause period continue for the remainder of 2025. Beyond direct impacts, we are also monitoring secondary effects such as more cautious customer behavior and the potential for broader economic weakness. Factors that remain difficult to quantify. A further swing of customer spending could affect our more economically sensitive areas, such as direct sales and transactional services in OFSE and Industrial Tech in IET. Turning to our 2025 outlook. We used this tariff outline to help shape our framework for the full-year. As visibility on trade policy and the broader market dynamics improve, we will provide further updates as we progress through the year. In IET, we believe our diversified portfolio, substantial IET backlog and sizable aftermarket services business provide earnings and cash flow stability during this period of uncertainty. In the current environment, IET's lean mindset and process-driven culture should continue to deliver structural margin improvement even in the face of higher input costs. As we balance our current view, we believe the IET EBITDA guidance range communicated in January remains achievable. In OFSE, visibility beyond the second quarter remains limited. If oil prices and tariffs hold at current levels, we expect global upstream spending to decline in the high-single digit range for 2025. Under this scenario, we believe OFSE margins will still improve year-over-year driven by cost efficiency and continued execution of transformation initiatives. As this framework illustrates, our 2025 outlook reflects pressure from market sensitive elements of OFSE, while IET is expected to deliver strong growth compared to last year. Turning to second quarter. We expect total revenue of $6.3 billion to $7 billion and total EBITDA of approximately $1.04 billion to $1.2 billion. This guidance assumes we can partially offset tariff impacts through abatement opportunities, contractual pass-throughs and other mitigation strategies. It also assumes tariff levels remain consistent when compared to the current 90-day pause scenario. For IET, we forecast EBITDA of $520 million to $580 million on revenue of $3.0 billion to $3.3 billion, led by growth in Gas Tech Services. The major factors driving this range will be the pace of backlog conversion in GTE, the impact of any aero derivative supply chain tightness and volume levels in Industrial Tech. For OFSE, we forecast EBITDA of $600 million to $700 million on revenue of $3.3 billion to $3.7 billion, implying further margin improvement on flat sequential revenue. We expect results to reflect a less pronounced seasonal recovery in both international and U.S. markets due to ongoing macro uncertainty and recent oil price weakness. Factors driving the range include execution of our SSPS backlog, the impact of near-term activity levels in North America and international markets and the pace of activity in Mexico. In summary, we are pleased with the company's operational performance during the first quarter. OFSE margins remained resilient despite upstream market softness, while IET margins continued progressing towards 20%. Although our outlook is tempered by macro and trade policy uncertainty, we remain focused on elements we can control, continuing to streamline operations and drive efficiencies that will benefit us well beyond the cycle. With that, I'll turn the call back over to Lorenzo.
Lorenzo Simonelli: Thank you, Ahmed. Our strong first quarter results demonstrate the progress we've made in transforming our operations and streamlining the organization. This has created a solid foundation to further optimize margins and enhance returns even in a challenging environment. Looking beyond near-term macro uncertainty, we continue to believe in the structural growth of global energy demand, an outlook that underpins our strategy and anchors Baker Hughes long-term value creation. The world needs more energy with fewer emissions and we see natural gas playing a fundamental role in achieving this dual objective. To conclude, thank you to the entire Baker Hughes team for yet again delivering outstanding results. As we continue our journey to take Baker Hughes and Energy forward, we remain committed to our customers, shareholders, and employees. With that, I will turn the call back over to Chase.
Chase Mulvehill: Operator, we can now open up for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Our first question comes from Arun Jayaram with JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Arun Jayaram: Yes, good morning. My question is regarding guidance. We appreciate the fact there's a lot of uncertainty associated with tariffs and OPEC+ plus policy. It makes sense to us Lorenzo, you shifted to a hybrid pragmatic approach to the guide with the explicit guide for 2Q. I guess my question is you've highlighted $100 million to $200 million of tariff impacts this year. I know that you had on the fourth quarter call, had a guidance range of $4.7 billion at the low end, $4.95 billion at the midpoint. I was wondering if you could highlight any confidence you have Lorenzo, Ahmed around, call it the low end of the guide, if we factor in some of the tariff impacts and the fact that IET looks largely intact?
Lorenzo Simonelli: Yes, hi Arun and thanks, appreciate the question, an important topic, and we'll break it down into really, I'll start off and then let Ahmed maybe walk you through the framework, and then also specifically respond to the question, and I'll come back at the end because I think it's important that everybody is clear on what we're saying here. As I noted in my prepared remarks, the global economy has experienced a cautious start driven by the ongoing geopolitical tensions, some of the trade policy and tariff uncertainty, slower growth in China and persistent inflationary pressures. So far in the second quarter and also what you saw with our good results in first quarter, we've not experienced a material impact to volumes or activity levels. We do recognize though there's growing uncertainties around the trade policy and tariffs that's creating some uncertainties for our customers as well as for Baker Hughes. So as a result, we've got less visibility into the second half of the year across our more economically sensitive businesses, such as drilling and completion service lines, U.S. land, short-cycle oilfield services and international and the GDP like Industrial Tech businesses. So given the wide range of potential outcomes on the trade policy and tariff outcomes and their impact, we thought it was important to provide a framework that allows you to look at 2025. And once there's greater clarity in the external environment, we intend again to provide formal full-year guidance ranges for the company. And I'll pass it to Ahmed to give a little bit more detail on the aspects of the framework.
Ahmed Moghal: Yes. Arun, let me just start by talking through the framework itself. So I'll start with the key points around tariffs. Under the current set of trade policies, we understand the direct implications for our business and have been implementing as you heard several mitigation actions. So after accounting for those potential offsets across both segments, we estimate a net EBITDA impact in the range of what we mentioned of $100 million to $200 million, which includes both direct costs as well as revenue-related impacts. And I'd say just over half is attributed to IET. And the primary factor behind that range is actually the timing and effectiveness of our mitigation actions. So the estimate assumes the current tariff levels are in effect during the 90-day pause period and remain in place through year-end. And as a result, our estimate doesn't really include the secondary effects from tariffs like lower oil prices, broad economic weakness, which could ultimately have a larger impact on our results than just the direct inflationary cost pressures. But of course, the trade policy and the tariff environment worsens, then we'll need to reassess and likely adjust the estimated impact accordingly. So how this translates to the segments? So I'll start with IET. IET is reasonably well positioned to manage through this environment while tariff-related cost inflation, we expect it to impact the segment of force, the effect is largely concentrated in the Industrial Tech side of the segment. And at this stage, we assume that continued productivity gains that you've seen in Gas Tech are expected to offset much of that inflationary pressure within the Industrial Tech side of the house. And also in Industrial Tech, which accounts for just as a reminder, about a quarter of IET revenues, we could face potential headwinds from slowing GDP growth in addition to the inflationary pressures that we've talked about. But taking all of that into account, we continue to view our 2025 total year IET EBITDA guidance range of $2.2 billion to $2.4 billion as achievable. So then you go on to OFSE and ultimately OFSE, as Lorenzo mentioned, faces a broader range of outcomes, which limits the visibility beyond the current quarter, so second quarter. Now we expect North American upstream spending to decline in the low-double digit range and international spending to decline by mid- to high-single digits. But despite that deterioration in the overall market, we remain focused on optimizing cost structure, eliminating duplication to protect margins. And you've seen us do that even as market conditions soften. Now as to your last question about holding the $4.7 billion EBITDA level for the year. We believe that we could approach that EBITDA level if the tariff-related impacts land towards the lower end of that $100 million to $200 million range and oil prices stabilize and tariffs hold at the current 90-day pause rates.
Lorenzo Simonelli: So Arun, maybe just to conclude, because I think this is a very fluid situation and everybody is approaching this differently. I just wanted to maybe add a couple of quick points here. And the hybrid model that we've laid out is really to provide a lot of transparency. And if you look at the conclusion on the IET side, we said our guidance ranges are still achievable. On the OFSE side, it's more of a framework, given some of the higher level of our uncertainty. Ultimately, we believe there's still a path for our full-year results to approach the low end of our guidance range, and we'll continue providing updates being transparent and also clearly managing the fluid environment that we're in. So I appreciate the question, Arun.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Stephen Gengaro with Stifel. Your line is open.
Stephen Gengaro: Thanks, good morning everybody. So after three strong years, very strong years of IET orders, you're off to a good start in 2025. And you had those significant data center orders as well. Can you talk about the opportunity for Baker on the data center side? And maybe also share thoughts on how you think the macro could impact the IET order flow this year?
Lorenzo Simonelli: Definitely, Stephen, and thanks. IET did have a solid start to the year for orders, booking $3.2 billion in the first quarter, as you mentioned. And with our LNG equipment, IET orders still totaled $2.7 billion, which continues to demonstrate the depth and versatility of the IET portfolio. For the full year, we're sticking to the guidance that we laid out at the beginning of the year to be in the range of $12.5 billion and $14.5 billion. We continue to feel good about the LNG outlook and the data center opportunities, which are gaining momentum. I think as you look at highlight during the first quarter, record levels of also Gas Tech Services upgrades, a trend that looks like it will continue. And we're really not seeing customers pull back from LNG gas infrastructure or the data center projects. And we're staying very close to them and monitoring things. Just to highlight on the LNG momentum. During the quarter, we booked an order for liquefaction equipment in North America, also book to gas infrastructure order for feed gas compression from a major U.S. LNG operator. And we expanded our relationship with NextDecade to cover five more trains at Rio Grande and signed an agreement with Argent LNG to support their proposed 24 MTPA facility. So over the past two quarters, we secured $1.7 billion in LNG orders and that speaks to our leading position in LNG and reinforces the positive outlook for the year and the growing confidence we have in LNG orders that's supported by long-term equipment supply agreements with strategic operators, including Venture Global and NextDecade. So as you look at overall, we've got a growing number of LNG customers, and we have supply agreements in place for over 120 MTPA of LNG and we've seen a good increase in offtake agreements and equity investments by LNG players, which further strengthens our confidence on the outlook for this year and beyond. So as you look at 2025 and also 2026, again we feel good about the 100 MTPA of FIDs that make us reach the 800 MTPA by 2030. And we also think we'll surpass that 800 MTPA as we go beyond 2030. So LNG continues to be good. On data centers, I think a great example of what we've discussed before, really showcasing IET's expanding reach in industrial areas and the divestiture of the portfolio. And looking at external factors, we continue to see a strong pickup in demand as you look at McKinsey, they see U.S. data center energy demand by 2030, that's increasing at 23% CAGR rate. And we're continuing to see strong interest and the capability that we have across the Baker Hughes portfolio given OFSE and IET to provide decarbonization solutions and power generation. And the great example is Frontier Infrastructure that we announced, which again provides the development of large scale CCS and power solutions for data centers and it's their first development, end-to-end solution, turbine CO2 storage, well design construction. So we feel good that that's going to continue. And the enterprise-wide solutions we can provide are a key differentiator. As you look at Nova LTs, the industrial gas turbines that we have, booked over 350 megawatts across multiple customers during the quarter. And we have multiple use cases for data centers, not just baseload, but also bridge to back up temporary power and for gas power generation, our focus is on the 150-megawatt range or below, and that really suits well the Nova gas turbines as well as being able to provide our subsurface to surface geothermal solutions in the 5 megawatt to 80 megawatt range. So we're continuing to increase the capacity of the Nova LT, and we're seeing good traction with our customers. And over the next three years, we expect to book at least $1.5 billion of orders in data center equipment, and long-term, we think data centers could be a meaningful growth driver for IET as well as overall for the enterprise solutions we have and also reoccurring aftermarket services over the rest of the life of the equipment. So data centers is a key area of focus. Thanks, Stephen.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Scott Gruber with Citigroup. Your line is open.
Scott Gruber: Yes, good morning. And I appreciate all the tariff color. Can you just provide some more color on the mitigation initiatives that you're undertaking? I imagine some levers can be pulled fairly quickly. Some are probably longer dated, especially if you're shipping manufacturing locations. How much mitigation is embedded in the $100 million to $200 million impact? And is there an ability to squeeze that figure lower over time, assuming a status quo and [indiscernible] in the tariffs? Thanks.
Ahmed Moghal: Yes, hi Scott. So look, I'll start with one thing to keep in mind is just reinforcing that we have a strong international mix in the company, and it's not just from a customer perspective, but also from our global supply chain footprint. And that naturally limits our exposure to direct U.S. tariffs. But for context, we purchased roughly $14 billion in direct and indirect materials annually. Of that, we imported less than 5% into the U.S. and under 2% comes from China. So and if you last remember, this global footprint served us well during the last round of tariffs implemented in 2018. So as we mentioned in the prepared remarks, we've taken proactive steps to develop mitigation strategies, and that's what's helping reduce the net impact down of direct tariffs to the $100 million to $200 million range. So as an example, we've established a centralized coordination hub with leaders from many different functions of supply chain, legal, commercial, government relations, tax, just to name a few, where we're monitoring developments and acting quickly to implement things and also adjust as things evolve. And so when you really double click into the actual mitigation, there are really two aspects that we're working through. First, there's the direct sourcing costs tied to imports into the U.S., most of which come from places like I mentioned, Germany, U.K., China, Canada, and Mexico. So in that, we're taking, I would say, three specific actions that reduce that gross exposure. First, we're leveraging the global supply chain manufacturing footprint to better align with end markets. So we make sure we have the right things in the right places, obviously. Second, we're utilizing free trade agreements and expanding beauty drawback programs where they're available. And third, I'd say is, understanding and utilizing our contract mechanisms where pricing increases and surcharges offset some of that where possible. So that's around the direct sourcing cost. The second piece we're working through is assessing the actual potential revenue exposure and that will mainly relate to U.S. exports to China. So think about our IET Industrial Tech business, so at the moment, we're not seeing any mitigation success here, but we do see opportunity over time to backfill China imports with locally sourced volumes. Now as for Italy, exposure there is limited due to our contractual terms where customers typically take ownership of the products in Italy. So everything I've said is focused on the direct tariff impact, but then the potential secondary effects are difficult to quantify as we've said at this point, but we're monitoring them quite closely, and they would show up in the more transactional side of the business. So OFSE and parts of Industrial Tech. But in summary, as I step back and look at this with our diversified portfolio, the global supply chain footprint I've talked about the IET backlog, the aftermarket business, it really provides us a strong foundation for us to navigate in this type of environment and still deliver the earnings and cash flow in this environment.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Saurabh Pant with Bank of America. Your line is open.
Saurabh Pant: Hi, good morning Lorenzo and Ahmed.
Lorenzo Simonelli: Hi, Saurabh.
Ahmed Moghal: Good morning.
Saurabh Pant: Lorenzo and Ahmed, maybe I want to pivot a little bit and talk about OFSE. I know revenues were down 10%. You talked about enhanced seasonal weakness, delayed discretionary spending rate. But if you can just walk us through the key moving pieces keeps your market and how they are moving and how should we think about them going forward through the rest of the year? And ultimately, what does that mean for your 20% EBITDA margin target for this year? If you can step us through that Lorenzo and Ahmed, that would be perfect.
Lorenzo Simonelli: Sure, Saurabh. I'll kick it off with sort of as we see the marketplace. And as I mentioned earlier, we started to see some revenue softness in Q1 and that was mainly due to deferral of discretionary spending, particularly on the international side. Separately, Pemex put a pause on contracting activity in Mexico. And just to give you a sense of that scale, rig activity there was down 52% sequentially that's now a 72% drop from peak levels in 2023. Outside of Mexico, we saw sharper seasonal declines in places like sub-Saharan Africa, Asia Pacific, Argentina, Brazil. Saudi remains relatively flat quarter-over-quarter. We continue though to see a shift in focus from oil to gas activity. North America, we saw revenue come down 5% sequentially, mostly tied to offshore seasonality. Land was down slightly and largely in line with our expectations. So looking ahead, we've revised our outlook given the recent trade policy uncertainty and oil price volatility. And when we first gave our view on global upstream spending Brent was sitting in the mid-$70 range, but now down to the mid-60s. So based on where we see things stand, we expect global upstream spending to be down high-single digits this year and breaking that down, international upstream spending expected to decline mid- to high-single digits. North America, expecting a low double-digit decline. And all of this assumes oil prices stabilize around current levels and that the tariffs hold at the current levels under the 90-day pause. Obviously, if that changes on the pricing or the tariffs, then there'll be some potential further downside we have to anticipate and that's the market outlook that we see, and I'll pass it over to Ahmed on the 20%.
Ahmed Moghal: Yes, Saurabh. So on the margin question. Look, I'd like to step back and just remind everyone of the margin progress OFSE has made over the past few years. So when we introduced this 20% target back in September of '22. OFSE margins were below 15%. And in the second half of last year, margins averaged about 19.5%. So there's clear progress that reflects the work the team has been doing on structural improvements, and we remain focused on what we control, and we're still committed to the 20% margin milestone. But however, we didn't envisage an environment where upstream spending would be down nearly 10% after a year of flattish levels. So for the second quarter, we still expect margins to improve sequentially by 80 basis points, reaching around 18.6%. And we're starting to see, and we saw some of that come through already of a portion of the benefits from the restructuring actions we announced in the fourth quarter of last year. So most of the benefits will show up in the second half and should provide some of that insulation on further margin uplift. And driving that measured margin expansion in the real in this environment is a real testament to the transformation that work that we've been doing. But that said, the ultimate pace of improvement will depend on, as Lorenzo said, how tariffs play out and how the broader upstream environment evolves.
Lorenzo Simonelli: I think, Saurabh, you can just look at it from a standpoint of we're focused on the elements we control that margin accretion that we've seen also in the first quarter for OFSE, that 20% is what we're continuously aiming for. And we're going to execute what's in our control and continue to drive the transformation as we've laid out and continue that progression.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from David Anderson with Barclays. Your line is open.
David Anderson: Thanks. Good morning, Lorenzo and Ahmed. Quite similar vein on the IET side, just interested in margin progression here on some of the variables you're thinking about as you look at your target. So better pricing and improved efficiencies seem to be really showing up in the first quarter results. So what drives expansion from here? Is it just more efficiency gains from faster backlog conversion? And do you still hope to -- do you still expect to hit 18% margin this year and 20% next year in light of the headwinds with tariffs and potentially maybe even service is slowing down a little bit in this environment? Thank you.
Ahmed Moghal: Yes. Hey Dave, how are you? So look, I would say looking ahead, we do expect second quarter margins to increase again. The sequential increase, though will be more modest compared to revenue for a few reasons. First, we had some project closeouts in the first quarter that helped margins. So that's part of the natural flow of ARPU and as we execute through that. Second is when you look at the Industrial Tech business and what we mentioned about tariffs, you find that there will be some modest margin pressure on that side as we go through. So and then lastly, from a sequential standpoint, the risk on China and U.S. trade volume that we highlighted within Industrial Tech, and that business carries high gross margin. So any reduced volume there could impact overall IET margins. So we've tried to capture our best estimate for how those reduced high margin IET volumes and higher tariff costs will impact second quarter. So that is in the second quarter guide. And then when you look out actually into the second half of the year, we still anticipate year-over-year margin progression. But we anticipate that pace of improvement will be a little bit more measured as you compare it to the first half. So second half of this year to second half of '24, of course. So if you look at our January IET guidance ranges, our EBITDA margin midpoint was 18%. So this is a level we still think it's achievable, it reflects the net tariff impacts that we have laid out today, which will be mostly offset, as I mentioned, by execution of two things really: higher margin Gas Tech Equipment backlog as well as the productivity across the portfolio that the teams have been driving and you've seen go through. So then stepping back and looking at overall for 2025, we feel good about how the business is executing and still believe the full-year EBITDA guidance range is achievable based on what we're seeing today. And then when you actually look at 2026, obviously, a lot can happen between now and then. But based on everything we're seeing, what we know, the visibility we have and focusing on what we can control, the path to reaching 20% EBITDA margin is still there.
Lorenzo Simonelli: And Dave, remember, I mean, we've laid this out as a journey, and we've showed how the installed base is increasing year-over-year and as you look at the progression and also what we said from maintaining the IET guidance for the year and also that 20% margin rate for '26 still being achievable at this stage.
Operator: Thank you. That was our last question. I will hand you back to Mr. Lorenzo Simonelli, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer to conclude the call.
Lorenzo Simonelli: Thank you to everyone for taking the time to join our earnings call today, and I look forward to speaking with you all again soon. Operator, you may now close out the call.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in today's conference. This concludes the program. You may all disconnect. Everyone, have a great day.

===== 2024 Q4  (2025-01-31 03:30:00) =====
Chase Mulvehill - VP, IR:
Lorenzo Simonelli - Chairman & CEO:
Nancy Buese - CFO:
Arun Jayaram - JPMorgan Securities:
David Anderson - Barclays:
Saurabh Pant - Bank of America:
Stephen Gengaro - Stifel:
Neil Mehta - Goldman Sachs & Co.:
Scott Gruber - Citigroup:
Kurt Hallead - Benchmark:
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Baker Hughes Company Fourth Quarter 2024 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question and answer session, and instructions will follow at that time. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I would now like to introduce your host for today's conference, Mr. Chase Mulvehill, Vice President, Investor Relations. You may begin.
Chase Mulvehill: Thank you. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to Baker Hughes fourth quarter and full-year earnings conference call. Here with me are our Chairman and CEO, Lorenzo Simonelli, and our CFO, Nancy Buese. The earnings release we issued yesterday evening can be found on our website at bakerhughes.com. We will also be using a presentation with our prepared remarks during this webcast, which can be found on our investor website. As a reminder, during this conference call, we will provide forward-looking statements. These statements are not guarantees of future performance and involve a number of risk and assumptions. Please review our SEC filings and website for the factors that could cause actual results to differ materially. Reconciliations of operating income and other GAAP to non-GAAP measures can be found in our earnings release. With that, I will turn the call over to Lorenzo.
Lorenzo Simonelli: Thank you, Chase. Good morning, everyone, and thanks for joining us. Starting on Slide 4, we're very pleased with our strong fourth quarter results, exceeding the midpoint of our EBITDA guidance for the eighth consecutive quarter and setting new quarterly and annual records for revenue, free cash flow, and our adjusted measures of EPS, EBITDA, and EBITDA margin. Our adjusted earnings per share remains on an impressive growth trajectory, increasing 37% from the fourth quarter of 2023 and up 47% for the full year. For the fourth quarter, company adjusted EBITDA margins increased by 1.8 percentage points year-on-year to a record of 17.8%. Significant margin expansion across both segments drove this exceptional performance. Industrial and energy technology orders remained at strong levels during 2024, including $3.8 billion in the fourth quarter that drove the annual total above the midpoint of our guidance range. This order performance highlights the end market diversity and versatility of our technologies, led by strength in gas infrastructure and FPSOs. Accordingly, Gas Tech Equipment's non-LNG orders more than doubled, totaling $3.6 billion. We achieved another important milestone in booking new energy orders of $1.3 billion. This represents approximately 70% year-over-year growth for the new energy awards and the third consecutive year, we have exceeded the high end of our original guidance range. We generated strong free cash flow of $894 million during the quarter, resulting in record annual free cash flow of $2.3 billion. This represents a free cash flow conversion rate of 49% near the high end of our 45% to 50% target range. These record results clearly demonstrate that we are the leading energy and industrial technology company. Turning to Slide 5, we want to highlight recent awards and technology developments. As I mentioned, 2024 was another strong year for IET orders, booking several large-scale GTE awards that span across gas infrastructure, FPSOs, and LNG. This is the third consecutive year that GTE has booked more than $5 billion of orders. In the fourth quarter, we secured orders for multiple LNG projects, bringing total LNG equipment bookings to almost $2.1 billion for 2024. We received an order from Venture Global to provide modularized LNG systems and a power island. Additionally, we received an award from Bechtel for the first phase of Woodside Energy's Louisiana LNG project. This phase will include two Baker Hughes liquefaction compression trains with a capacity of 11 MTPA. The gas infrastructure buildout in the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia continues to gather pace, following our Master Gas System Free Award in early 2024. During the fourth quarter, we booked an award for gas compression equipment for the third expansion phase of the Jafurah gas field. We will supply a total of 12 electric motor-driven compression trains and auxiliary treatment equipment in this unconventional gas field. In total, we have now been awarded 24 electric motor-driven compressors and an additional 14 compressors for this strategically important gas field. In gas technology services, we secured over $1 billion of long-term service agreements for the second consecutive year. In the fourth quarter, we signed a long-term service frame agreement with Venture Global to support Phase 1 and 2 of their Plaquemines LNG facility in Louisiana. Additionally, GTS was awarded a 25-year services agreement to support next decade's Rio Grande LNG facility in Texas. We were also awarded a contract to provide plant maintenance at a major LNG facility in Asia Pacific, which will leverage IET's iCenter. In addition to booking several meaningful long-term service awards, GTS recorded the strongest quarter of equipment upgrades since 2020. This included a key project to upgrade the Monsanto Compression Station for Snam, one of Europe's leading midstream companies. During the quarter, IET's Climate Technology Solutions secured multiple awards targeting flare reduction. As announced at COP29, CTS will provide SOCAR with an integrated gas recovery and hydrogen sulfide removal system to significantly reduce downstream flaring at the Heydar Aliyev Oil Refinery. Separately, in the Middle East, CTS will supply electric-driven centrifugal compressors for one of the largest gas processing and flare gas recovery projects globally. In Oilfield Services & Equipment, we continue to experience strong auto momentum in Brazil, particularly for our differentiated flexible pipe technology. During the quarter, we received a significant award from Petrobras for 48 miles of flexibles to be delivered across four fields. This follows the third quarter award for 43 miles of flexible for the Santos Basin and takes our total year orders for flexible pipe to $1.4 billion, a record year for this business. In mature asset solutions, we received a multi-year contract from ENI to unlock bypass reserves in one of Europe's largest developments. Baker Hughes will provide its auto-track exact rotary steerable drilling system, which will be deployed to help ENI lower risk and execution costs. We continue to see solid order momentum in the Middle East, receiving multiple awards across the region for coil tubing services as well as drilling and completion fluids. We also booked an award from a major operator to provide artificial lift services in Iraq, which includes advanced permanent magnet motors for improved electric submersible pump efficiency. In Abu Dhabi, we signed an agreement with AIQ, ADNOC, and CORVA to launch the AI Rate of Penetration Optimization project. This innovation, which utilizes the latest AI digital technology, enhances drilling efficiency in real time by providing insights and recommendations for optimizing weight on bit, rotations per minute, and other critical parameters. Driving innovation and expanding our manufacturing footprint in key growth markets are critical to the long-term success of our company. During the quarter, we expanded our footprint in Namibia and Oman. We also had the grand opening of our recently relocated surface pressure control headquarters in Abu Dhabi, ensuring that we are close to key customers in a major demand region. Turning to the next slide, as we enter 2025, we believe Baker Hughes is very well positioned to thrive in the back half of the decade, with a number of positive tailwinds that will continue to drive demand for our technology and solutions. On the macro front, the U.S. economy has remained resilient in the face of higher interest rate environment, while the European and Chinese economies have struggled to stimulate growth. Looking at 2025, the global economy will be navigating a number of economic and geopolitical uncertainties, which could result in another year of uneven global economic growth. Against this economic backdrop, we have seen increasingly positive trends for power consumption. Boosted by this encouraging development, we believe that natural gas and LNG demand will demonstrate accelerated growth, which will drive increasing demand for our gas levered products and solutions in both OFSE and IET. According to Wood Mackenzie, demand for U.S. natural gas is set to increase by approximately 20 BCF per day, or 18% by 2030, led by a continued increase in gas requirements for new LNG facilities and data centers. For LNG, we still expect 100 MTPA of FIDs between 2024 and 2026, a level that would increase global capacity to our longstanding forecast of 800 MTPA by 2030. Last year, there were 17 MTPA of project FIDs. Accordingly, we anticipate more than 80 MTPA of FIDs in 25 and 2026. Our strong FID outlook is supported by a record year of offtake contracting last year, which totaled 92 MTPA and exceeded the prior record of 84 MTPA set in 2022. We also expect demand to remain robust for gas infrastructure projects. This follows a very strong 2024 when we booked MGS3 and Jafurah in Saudi Arabia, Hassi R'Mel in Algeria, and the Margham Gas Storage Facility in Dubai. While we may not see the same level of large-scale projects in 2025, we are in active conversations on several pipeline expansion projects across the Middle East, Africa, North America, and Latin America. Turning to our new energy outlook, we see energy efficiency and decarbonization technologies playing an increasing role in achieving net zero goals. Looking forward, we are targeting $1.4 billion to $1.6 billions of new energy orders in 2025. While some near-term policy uncertainty across several clean technology areas exist in the United States, we remain confident in achieving our 2030 orders target of $6 billion to $7 billion. Our pipeline of project opportunities, both domestically and internationally, continues to grow. Further, we are very excited about the potential of new technologies under development, like net power and our direct air capture solution Mosaic. These technologies will help and enable a sustainable energy development plan that provides affordable, more secure, low-emissive energy in the future. Turning to oil markets, there are several factors that could drive further volatility in oil prices. On the supply side, we see production slightly increasing in North America, adding to significant growth in offshore volumes. The demand outlook has an element of uncertainty given the potential for U.S. tariffs, which would likely dampen growth in key oil-consuming countries like China, where persistent structural imbalances still weigh on the economy. Ultimately, the oil price path will be highly dependent on the pace and magnitude at which OPEC+ production cuts are reversed in 2025. In line with this backdrop and changing activity trends by major EMP operators, we expect global upstream spending to be down slightly in 2025. In North America, we anticipate spending to decrease year-on-year in the mid-single-digit range, as many operators remain focused on capital discipline and look to optimize their newly consolidated acreage. Given our production-weighted portfolio mix in North America, we expect to outperform the market. In international markets, we expect spending to be flat to down year-on-year. The prospect of an oversupplied oil market, uncertainty in Mexico and Saudi Arabia, and shifting focus to gas are all leading to reduced activity levels in some of the key international markets. This will be somewhat offset by bright spots of activity in Brazil, the Middle East outside of Saudi Arabia, and Sub-Sahara in Africa, but ultimately not enough to drive growth from 2024 levels. In offshore, we continue to see a consistent stream of development projects for the next several years, translating in a steady outlook for subsea trees and FPSOs. In 2025, we expect SSPS orders to be up materially, led by strong subsea tree order flow, as several projects for key customers are anticipated to reach FID. Turning to Slide 7, we want to continue the discussion around our lifecycle business in gas technology. A key value-creating attribute of our IET segment that is consistent with high-quality industrial businesses. Over the past three years, we have booked more than $19 billion of equipment orders that will drive a 20% increase in our serviceable installed base by 2030. We expect Gas Tech Services revenue to outpace this installed base growth due to pricing, mix, upgrades, and digital enhancements. We see strong demand across the gas turbine market. Market forecasts suggest the pace of gas turbine installations could double to around 100 gigawatts per year out beyond the end of the decade. The major driver of this growth will be the rapid expansion of data center capacity required to meet increasing generative AI workloads. When combined with an already tight supply chain and material cost inflation, this environment provides a tailwind for pricing. We also expect our serviceable LNG installed base to increase by over 50% through 2030, outpacing the overall 20% growth rate. This mix shift towards LNG installed units is important as these projects have the highest attachment rates across all of our aftermarket services. Another benefit of our large and growing installed base is the opportunity to provide performance enhancement through upgrades as equipment ages. In recent years, customers focused on maximizing equipment uptime as markets manage through the energy crisis. However, as we move into a more stable energy environment and gas gains fervor acceptance as a destination fuel, we expect upgrades to demonstrate strong growth over the coming years. We have a range of upgrade technology solutions that can drive lower emissions, lower energy consumption, increase power output, and produce higher throughput yield. In addition, we are excited about new upgrade technologies that we are introducing into the market, a direct result of our R&D investment and innovation pipeline. We believe new upgrade technologies that enhance aging equipment have the potential to generate hundreds of millions of dollars of orders at accretive margins by 2030. In addition to equipment upgrades, we are enhancing our customers' plant performance and emissions abatement through the development of advanced service solutions. We are leveraging our 24/7 eye center monitoring capabilities, more than 20 years of monitoring and diagnostic data, the latest in generative AI capabilities, and our Cordant platform to create digital solutions that help our customers optimize their total cost of equipment ownership. On the back of increasing customer acceptance and enhanced digital product offerings, GTS digital orders increased by approximately 60% this year, with over 1,800 units connected at the end of 2024. Looking forward, we expect GTS digital orders to double by 2026 and continue this strong growth trajectory thereafter. In summary, we have four discreet and tangible revenue growth accelerators that will benefit Gas Tech Services. Alongside an increasing installed base, this gives us confidence that we can structurally grow our high margin GTS business for the next decade and beyond. Before turning the call over to Nancy, I would like to again emphasize the strength of our 2024 results. We face some near-term market headwinds with the maximum sustainable capacity MSC reduction in Saudi Arabia and the LNG moratorium in the United States, yet we still exceeded the midpoint for orders and the high end of our EBITDA compared to our original guidance ranges. Our company is clearly delivering results, evidenced by another record year. We expect this momentum to continue, with EBITDA to demonstrate another year of strong growth in 2025. And as we embark on our continued journey, we are excited about the opportunities to further expand the versatility and breadth of our technology portfolio, as well as drive segment margins beyond our 20% target. With that, I will turn the call over to Nancy.
Nancy Buese: Thanks, Lorenzo. I will begin on Slide 9, with an overview of our consolidated results and then speak to segment details before summarizing our first quarter and full year outlook. We demonstrated another year of strong progress during 2024. For the full year, orders totaled $28.2 billion, including $13 billion of IET orders that marks the second highest order total for the segment. Technology versatility and differentiation of IET's portfolio continued to support a strong order book and near record levels of RPO. We generated total adjusted EBITDA of $4.6 billion, increasing over 20% and setting a record for the second consecutive year. Adjusted EBITDA margins increased 1.7 percentage points to 16.5%, marking the fourth consecutive year of margin expansion for the company. Adjusted diluted EPS for the year increased by 47% to $2.35. In addition to our strong operating results, EPS benefited from our effective tax rate declining by approximately 5 percentage points to 28%, adding $0.17 to EPS for the year. Free cash flow totaled $2.3 billion, which represented a free cash flow conversion of a 49% near the high end of our targeted range. Turning to our fourth quarter results. As Lorenzo mentioned, we delivered a very strong quarter for orders with total company orders of $7.5 billion, including $3.8 billion from IET. Adjusted EBITDA increased by 20% year on year to $1.31 billion, driven by continued strong IET revenue growth and exceptional margin performance across both segments. We are delivering on our commitments and we remain focused on meeting our margin targets. GAAP operating income was $665 million. Adjusted operating income was $1.02 billion. GAAP diluted earnings per share were $1.18. Excluding adjusting items, earnings per share were $0.70, an increase of 37% when compared to the same quarter last year. Excluded from adjusted diluted earnings per share was a net benefit of $0.48 related to unrealized gains on certain equity investments and the release of valuation allowances for certain deferred tax assets, partially offset by restructuring and other charges. The valuation allowance release reflects our growing pattern of profitability over recent years, alongside our confidence for continued profit growth into the future. Restructuring charges primarily relate to streamlining of our OFSE operating model and right-sizing our workforce to match forecasted activity levels. We generated free cash flow of $894 million for the quarter, supported by a strong quarter of collections. Turning to capital allocation on Slide 10. Our balance sheet remains strong, ending the fourth quarter with cash of $3.4 billion, net debt to EBITDA ratio of 0.6 times and liquidity of $6.4 billion. In 2024, we have returned $1.3 billion in dividends and share repurchases, amounting to approximately 60% of free cash flow. We remain committed to returning 60% to 80% of free cash flow to shareholders. Turning to the next slide, I want to highlight our steadily growing dividend, strong earnings growth and improving return on invested capital. We have demonstrated robust growth and earnings per share over the past three years, increasing by a 37% compound annual growth rate over this period. Moving to our dividend, we announced a 10% increase yesterday. This marks the fourth consecutive year that we've raised our dividend, increasing by 28% since the third quarter of 2022. This consistent dividend growth demonstrates our confidence and the durability and momentum of the company's earnings and free cash flow, a quality we share with our industrial peers. Looking forward, I believe we're uniquely positioned to continue increasing the dividend, consistently buyback shares, and retain the financial flexibility to pursue opportunities that will enhance our growth capabilities. We are demonstrating solid progress in enhancing the company's returns profile, driven by our capital efficient growth and significant margin expansion achieved over the last two years. For 2024, IET ROIC of 25% exceeded our 20% target one year early. In OFSC, ROIC continues to make steady progress towards our 15% target, increasing to 13% for 2024. We expect both segment returns to further increase in 2025 and beyond as our focus remains on capital efficient, profitable growth. Now I will highlight the results for both segments, starting with industrial and energy technology on Slide 12. During the quarter, we booked strong IET orders of $3.8 billion, primarily driven by LNG awards and further gas infrastructure order momentum. For the full year, IET secured $13 billion of orders with a book-to-bill of 1.1 times, resulting in near record RPO levels of $30.1 billion at year end. Our fourth quarter results reflect a strong increase in IET EBITDA, up 38% year-over-year due to another strong quarter of revenue growth in Gas Technology for both Equipment and Services and significant margin expansion. For the full year, IET EBITDA approached $2.1 billion, setting a record for the second consecutive year as revenue reached a new high and margin reclaim prior peak levels. This was mostly driven by significant margin improvements in both Industrial Solutions and Gas Tech Equipment, with the latter benefiting from operational enhancements and conversion of higher price backlog. Turning to Oilfield Services & Equipment on Slide 13. We booked strong orders and flexibles during the quarter, which drove SSPS orders of $802 million and resulted in full year orders of $3.1 billion. OFSE EBITDA margin continues to outperform the segment's revenue performance, supporting solid fourth quarter EBITDA of $755 million. Full year EBITDA increased by 11% to approximately $2.9 billion, driven by margin that expanded 1.5 percentage points to 18.4%. Turning to Slide 14. I want to provide additional highlights on the significant progress we are making in driving structural margin improvement. We are executing several projects to streamline activities, remove duplication and modernize management systems. This is improving clarity, transparency and the pace of decision-making, enable our teams to work smarter and drive costs structurally lower. We continue to enhance our supply chain across the enterprise. Our best value country spend increased 15% year-on-year in 2024. Typically, we see over 20% cost savings when we move volumes from higher-cost regions to best value countries. Going forward, we're focused on sourcing a larger volume of materials from these countries. In IET, we are seeing the benefits of lean strategies being adopted across our operations. The team has initiated over 120 large problem-solving kaizen projects this year alone, involving over 1,300 employees across all functions. Our GTE team has been applying lean to its execution model, focusing on improving throughput efficiency. Through multiple kaizens, the team has driven a 40% increase in GTE volumes within our existing manufacturing footprint to support growing demand. This has enabled us to gain share in key markets due to our speed to deliver on customers' needs. In Industrial Tech, we have levered kaizens to improve lead times on Cordant's flagship product, Orbit 60. Lean adoption and manufacturing processes helped develop a new layout of the assembly line, reducing lead times by 50% and more than doubling effective capacity. In OFSE, a great example of the progress we have made is the improved performance of SSPS. EBITDA margins have increased significantly over the last two years with SSPS margins more than doubling into the mid-teens last year. This has been driven by refocusing our commercial model, rightsizing our capacity and improving our execution. For the overall OFSE segment, we continue to transform the business. In 2024, the focus was centralizing the business operations, leading to a significant reduction in duplication across our regions and product and service lines. The focus now is to drive consistency and operational excellence across the new business structure. These activities are centered on enhancing commercial intensity and optimizing operational efficiency. In line with this, we are matching our structure to anticipated activity levels. These actions, along with the implementation of our streamlined operating model will be key drivers to achieve our OFSE margin target. We are making significant progress on our transformation journey, yet have additional opportunities to enhance efficiency, productivity and ultimately, margins. Our strategy is clear, and we are taking further action in 2025. We have cultivated an organizational culture focused on continued margin improvement, and we see 20% margin targets as milestones on our journey towards best-in-class margins. Next, I would like to update you on our outlook. The details of first quarter and full year 2025 guidance can be found on Slide 15. The ranges for revenue, EBITDA and D&A are shown on this slide, and I will focus on the midpoint of our guidance. Starting with the full year, we expect total company revenue of approximately $27.75 billion and EBITDA of $4.95 billion. We are also targeting free cash flow conversion of 45% to 50% relative to our annual EBITDA. We expect an effective tax rate in the range of 25% to 30%, with a strategic plan in place to further optimize our tax rate beyond 2025. We expect IET orders to remain at robust levels this year with LNG momentum returning to the market, while gas infrastructure and energy production order strength continues. Given the strong environment, we expect IET orders of $12.5 billion to $14.5 billion. At the midpoint, this would mark the third consecutive year of at least $13 billion of IET orders. This not only provides strong backlog support for our equipment business into 2027, but will provide years, if not decades, of growth for our high-margin aftermarket service businesses. As a result of this continued momentum and strong orders performance over the last two years, we expect full year IET revenue of $12.75 billion and EBITDA of $2.3 billion. For OFSE, we forecast full year revenue of $15 billion, down slightly year-on-year as a result of softening oilfield service market in North America and lower SSPS revenues. Importantly, we still expect EBITDA to increase to $3 billion. We have been proactively positioning our OFSE portfolio to remain resilient in a maturing upstream spending cycle. Now turning to first quarter guidance. We expect revenues of $6.5 billion and total EBITDA of approximately $1.02 billion. For IET, we expect first quarter results to demonstrate strong year-over-year EBITDA growth led by GTE. Overall, we expect IET EBITDA of $460 million. The major factors driving this range will be the pace of backlog conversion in GTE, the impact of any aero derivative supply chain tightness and gas technology, operational execution in industrial technology and CTS and material changes in foreign exchange. For OFSE, we expect first quarter results to reflect a more pronounced seasonal decline for international OFS and SSPS. Accordingly, we expect EBITDA of $645 million. Factors driving the range include the SSPS backlog conversion, activity levels in Saudi Arabia and Mexico and winter weather in the Northern Hemisphere. In summary, we are extremely pleased with the operational performance of the company during 2024. The fourth quarter marks the third consecutive quarter of record EBITDA and the second consecutive quarter of record EBITDA margin. These are clear indicators that our transformation is working. The entire organization is committed to structurally improving margins and capitalizing on market opportunities with our differentiated portfolio of solutions. Both are key drivers in our journey to further increase shareholder value. We are proud of the progress the company is making, and we are excited about the future of Baker Hughes. I'll turn the call back to Lorenzo.
Lorenzo Simonelli: Thank you, Nancy. As you can see from our strong 2024 results and the exceptional margin improvement illustrated on Slide 17, we have evolved into a much more profitable energy and industrial technology company. At the midpoint of our 2025 guidance, Baker Hughes' EBITDA margin will have increased by more than 6 percentage points over the past five years. Additionally, EBITDA has more than doubled over this same period. Looking at 2025 and beyond. Our balance sheet remains strong. Our strategy is clear, and we see a differentiated growth opportunity for Baker Hughes. Markets are evolving, and this aligns with our vision of the energy technology ecosystem. The need for more energy with fewer emissions is critical and the increased use of natural gas will be fundamental to achieving this objective. Our strong market positioning across natural gas, LNG and gas infrastructure, new energy and mature fields provides multiple growth vectors across our portfolio. This will be accompanied by emerging opportunities for distributed power solutions and new industrial markets. We have a unique broad technology portfolio that will drive growth through the remainder of the decade, irrespective of the pace of the energy transition. Given this balanced portfolio untapped market opportunities, significant recurring IET service revenue and our more efficient cost structure, Baker Hughes is becoming less cyclical in nature and will generate more durable earnings and free cash flow across cycles. To conclude, I'd like to thank the Baker Hughes team for yet again delivering outstanding results. As we continue our journey to propel Baker Hughes forward, we remain committed to our customers, shareholders and employees. With that, I'll turn the call back over to Chase.
Chase Mulvehill: Operator, we can open up for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Arun Jayaram with JPMorgan Securities. Your line is open, please go ahead.
Arun Jayaram: Yes, good morning. Lorenzo, I wanted to dig a little bit deeper on your 2025 IET order outlook. You guided to $13.5 billion of inbound orders at the midpoint. Can you discuss some of the puts and takes as well as the overall macro picture for orders between some of the sub-segments, LNG, OOP, gas infrastructure? And do you think you can reach that $5 billion threshold for Gas Tech orders that you've been running at for several years now?
Lorenzo Simonelli: Yes, hi Arun. Thanks. And yes, clearly, we've had a before past few years. And when you look at the amount of bookings, we've actually booked $40 billion of IET orders over the past three years, which obviously, is a history exceeding the past. And in 2024, we booked $13 billion, the second highest order year in the company's history. And I think it's important to recognize that, that was even with the U.S. LNG permitting moratorium. And in 2024, we had a 65% decline in our LNG orders versus 2023. And we do see this continued strength continuing in 2025. And I think as we look at gas infrastructure, we're going to have continued strong demand in gas pipelines, gas processing 2025, we're going to see LNG come back. And obviously, LNG orders increasing over 2024. And when we booked 2.1, we've got about 80 MTPA that's going to be FID-ed over the next couple of years. You look at FPSOs, continued demand strength, and we see 7 to 9 FPSOs per year. And also increasingly, NovaLT. We're seeing an increased interest in the NovaLT turbines with orders possibly doubling versus last year in 2025 with behind the meter solutions for both data centers and oil and gas. And then on the CTS side, again, we continue to see strong order growth led by CTOS emissions management and also the opportunity of clean power. And as we look at 2025 robust pipeline, that supports our $1.4 billion to $1.6 billion of new energy orders for this year. As you look at industrial tech and also the strength in the market continues to recover, and we see overall continued strength across the IET market environment. So feel good about where the midpoint is of $13.5 billion. It would mark the third consecutive year of being ahead of the $13 billion orders. And again, on the GTE side, the $5 billion well in reach. So as we look out to 2030, we've got an addressable market of $150 billion with 70% of that being outside of LNG. So we feel good about the long-term trend within, again, the industrial energy technology order book in 2025, looking for another strong year.
Arun Jayaram: Great. Thanks, Lorenzo. A follow-up. You had an interesting commentary in your deck around the gas turbine market, anticipating the market to more than double by 2030. Lorenzo, your strengths in gas turbines for LNG and oil and gas largely unmatched. But I was wondering if you could highlight what type of inroads are you making in the turbine market outside of oil and gas, thinking about applications in industrial settings as well as power, et cetera.
Lorenzo Simonelli: Yes, Arun, again, we've got a full portfolio of Gas Turbine technology and multi-fuel drivers, which can be used in multiple applications. As you look at the aspect of our NovaLTs and you look at below the 150 megawatts, we've got the opportunity to continue going into the data center, marketplace and providing distributed power solutions behind the meter and also off-grid solutions. And this is an increasing space that we see as an opportunity and we're continuing to enhance our industrial gas turbine lineup and the portfolio that we have. So as you look at in particular, the data center market continuing to grow, we see opportunities going forward in that place. But also, as you look at the aspect of gas processing and pipelines, we continue to need compression as well as also the aspect of power to be able to propel the molecule. So across the board, good opportunities.
Arun Jayaram: Great. Thanks a lot.
Operator: Our next question is going to come from the line of David Anderson with Barclays. Your line is open, please go ahead.
David Anderson : Thank you. How are you doing today, Lorenzo?
Lorenzo Simonelli: Good, Dave.
David Anderson: So a lot of the focus today is going to be on your IET business and the question is the IET business we fully so. But I just want to ask you a question about the OFSE side, specifically around how you see the various components playing out in '25. Overall, you're seeing spending down a bit this year. I would expect the later cycle businesses, including -- you mentioned mature asset solutions, production chemicals to grow alongside with the flexibles. However, the midpoint you guide this year is for OFSE to be down -- on top line down by 4%. So question is really on the mix of the business in OFSE and kind of how it plays out during the year and maybe what some of the puts and takes could be around that guide for the year? Thank you.
Lorenzo Simonelli: Yes, sure. And OFSE is an important part of our business, and we're very pleased with the way in which the margin has progressed and definitely don't want to take away from OFSE by talking about IET all the time. So I think as you look at our prepared remarks, definitely, we do see 2025 slightly lower when compared to 2024. I think you know historically, we've taken a more conservative approach which has proved to us well last year. As you look at North America, we do anticipate spending this year to decrease year-on-year in the mid-single-digit range. A number of operators continue to be focused on capital discipline and they're looking to optimize the newly consolidated acreage that they've got in place. We do expect to outperform the market in this area just because our portfolio is production weighted greater than 50% of what we have is related to the production side. On the international markets, again, we're seeing a flat to down year-on-year. There's the potential overhang of the OPEC+ spec oil capacity some of the changing regimes and also the focus on gas, leading to some reduced activity. Looking at Mexico, Saudi and North Sea expected to remain soft this year, partially offset by Brazil and outside of Saudi Arabia and the Middle East and some sub-Sahara and Africa. But again, as we look at it, we do expect on the international side, flat to down year-on-year. And from an offshore perspective, as we mentioned, we do see that continuing to be positive. And as we go past this 2025, we still feel good about the mature asset solutions in the latter part of the decade and again, continuing to increase our focus on the brownfields and the opportunity to maximize production from existing assets.
Operator: Our next question is going to come from the line of Saurabh Pant with Bank of America. Your line is open, please go ahead.
Saurabh Pant: Hi, thank you. Good morning, Lorenzo and Nancy. Lorenzo, like you discussed, I want to touch on the life cycle aspect of the Gas Tech business. And I know you discussed how Gas Tech Services is outpacing installed capacity growth, which is obviously really impressive, right? And then if I go back to your slide, I think Slide 7 in your deck, Lorenzo, you talked about the four revenue growth accelerators, pricing mix upgrades, digital. If we just think about the next two to three years, Lorenzo, which one of these four should we think would be the most meaningful for Gas Tech Services growth?
Lorenzo Simonelli: Yes, definitely. And again, as we've highlighted, our installed base is expected to grow by at least 20% between now and 2030. And from a revenue standpoint, again, we expect GTS revenue to outpace this growth rate. And it's really on the back of the drivers that you mentioned that we shared on the page. And mix is going to be the biggest driver. It's improving mix as we continue to see an increase in the LNG aspect. And as you look at our installed base for service for LNG, it's going to increase by over 50% through 2030, which is outpacing the overall 20% growth rate. So that mix on the LNG side, as it has high attachment rates is definitely beneficial, and it generates more service revenue over the life of the equipment. Also, the other aspects, pricing, upgrades in digital. We continue to see those having an important factor as well. But mix is the one that is going to be important. And as we go forward, also upgrades is something that we think is poised for increasing. As you saw in the second half of 2024, we had an uptick of 10% year-over-year. And in the fourth quarter, we saw the highest order intake since 2020. So looking favorable there as well.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Stephen Gengaro with Stifel. Your line is open, please go ahead.
Stephen Gengaro : Thanks and good afternoon. I guess, over there. So you guys have been obviously very successful on the margin front the last few years. I was curious if you could walk us through the moving pieces to get to the 20% target for OFS this year and on the IET side for 2026?
Nancy Buese: Sure. Good morning. I'll take that one. We are pleased with the progress the teams have made in driving our business transformation. And I would say that self-help initiatives and broader transformation will absolutely continue to be a major driver of the margin improvement as we think about 2025 and even beyond. And in OFSE in particular, as we demonstrated in 2024, we're driving really significant initiatives, just not necessarily related to activity levels. So there's that piece as well, and that's all going to drive margin expansion in coming years. And in 2024, the OFSE margin increased by 1.5 percentage points, and that was really outpacing the revenue growth. And that's what you saw, we generated incremental margins over 100%. So a lot of good work there. I think good evidence that we've been proactively positioning the OFSE portfolio to really remain resilient in what we see as a truly maturing upstream spending cycle, and we continue to be focused on driving consistency, operational excellence and service delivery across that sort of streamlined operating structure that we worked on in 2024. We're also, in addition to that, now rightsizing our structure to match expected activity levels. So when you think about the portfolio plus this work, we really play at the high end of technology, and we're not as much in the highly commoditized range. And as Lorenzo mentioned, our production weighted portfolio provides quite a bit of resiliency in a softer environment. So when our customers think about they're optimizing production from their existing assets, we see more OpEx revenue for ourselves at highly accretive margins. So all of that to say that we are very highly confident in achieving our 20% margin even in the softer upstream spending environment. And the team side OFSE have been doing fantastic work on rightsizing the business and focusing on all the operational excellence components. So all of these structural enhancements will fuel that margin expansion even beyond 2025 as we continue to focus on closing the gap with our peers in OFSE. And then turning to IET, the margin expansion there has been really solid and gaining a lot of momentum. So in 2024, we demonstrated almost 2 percentage points of margin expansion. We will continue to see expansion in 2025 towards that 20% goal, and the guidance implies 18% segment margin working towards 20% in 2026. And so we'll continue to progress. We are on track and a couple of drivers of that is just in GTE. We expect to continue significant volume leverage, coupled with further productivity gains. And we've said previously that our backlog is higher priced than previous. So we will continue to focus in that way, and that will help GTE margins as well. In GTS, we've got new digital offerings and enhanced services solutions, and as Lorenzo mentioned, upgrades and all of that will support margin expansion and we also continue to see better normalization on the aeroderivative supply chain. Another component, as we've talked about in the past, is R&D costs starting to decline, and that's most evident in CTS, but that's going to help drive margin uplift. And then finally, in industrial tech, we are really improving margins there, getting more volume through the factories and better cost absorption. So all of that's contributing to better margins. And we're excited. There's lots of opportunities for expansion, and we remain very confident in our ability to get to the 20% in 2026 and continue to mention that 20% margins are not a final destination. We will continue in both segments to lift our eyes past 2025, past 2026 and improved margins even past the 20% goals.
Lorenzo Simonelli: And Steve, I would just add, I think as you look at 2024 and the progress that's been made on the self-help and we've said a lot of this is down to the execution and also the simplification and the processes that we're working on internally. And on the IET side, considerable amount, about half of it is driven by self-help and on the OFSE side, two-third. So again, focused on the continued process enhancements and positions within the company. And as Nancy mentioned, the 20% is not an end point, it's just a path on the journey.
Operator: And our next question is going to come from the line of Neil Mehta with Goldman Sachs & Co. Your line is open, please go ahead.
Neil Mehta: Yes, good morning, Nancy, Lorenzo, team. A question around capital returns, great to see the dividend bump today. And just your perspective on the right way to return that 60% to 80% back to shareholders here as you think about the dividends versus the buybacks and I think, Lorenzo, Nancy, you definitely talked about leaning into the dividend. So just your latest thoughts there. And then as it relates to capital allocation, maybe you could also touch on M&A. It was a quieter year for M&A activity for Baker Hughes. And what do you think the opportunity set looks like for no transformational M&A but bolt-ons?
Nancy Buese: Yes. Great questions. And we were really pleased with our free cash flow performance in 2024, and we remain committed to our stated goal of returning 60% to 80% of free cash flow to shareholders that will be completely anchored by the dividend and we increased the dividend to show our commitment to the growing profitability of the company. And since the company was formed in 2017, we've returned over $10 billion of dividends and buybacks. So we will continue to maintain that. And we will also remain opportunistic in terms of share repurchases to fulfill that total commitment, which is exactly what we did in 2024. So we raised the dividend in the past four years in a row, and our shareholder return track record remains strong. And in 2025, we will do the same as with the increased dividend and continue to focus on share buyback. So all of that will work towards our commitment of the 60% to 80%. And then we do want to retain some financial flexibility. We've got a very strong balance sheet, and we want to have the ability to be -- be in that position, strong credit ratings and some flexibility as we need it for the business. And then on the M&A question, our philosophy is to do what's always right for shareholders. So we continue to look at our portfolio think about how we optimize and what the composition of that should be as the company continues to grow. So we will always focus on tuck-in M&A and some small tech bets in the new energy space and anything that really will complement our existing technology leadership. So as we think about horizon 2 and 3 between now and 2030, we will always look at places where we need to fill a gap in the portfolio and opportunities for strategic fits with our existing asset base. So we're always on the lookout. But yes, it was acquired in 2024, and we will always have our eyes open for opportunities in 2025 and beyond.
Operator: Our next question is going to come from the line of Scott Gruber with Citigroup. Your line is open, please go ahead.
Scott Gruber : Yes. Good morning, good afternoon. Another one for Nancy. You've maintained the 45% to 50% free cash conversion target for the year. Can you just update us on the puts and takes on the conversion rate? Your margins are getting better. I know you've had initiatives to improve the cash tax rate, and you've discussed R&D and new tech moderating over time. Are there offsets from a work capital perspective that kind of keeps a lid on the convert rate in '25? So more color would be great.
Nancy Buese: Yes, sure. We're very pleased with our free cash flow performance. That's been a major target area for the entire company in 2024, and we're really pleased with that conversion rate of 49%. So that's right in the range of the 45% to 50%. A lot of that is just thinking about our free cash flow processes, our overall performance day-to-day. We're very confident in achieving that range again in 2025. And when I think about some of the big drivers for that, it's really around working capital efficiency. We see so much work we can still do to tighten up our collections process, our inventory turns, and this is a really high priority area for the people inside Baker Hughes. We've spent a lot of time thinking about how we can make every aspect more tight, more profitable, more efficient. So this has been really fun to watch the organization over the past year, and we have much work to do in 2025. So highly confident in that space. The other piece is tax management. So in 2024, we made some really good improvements in our tax rate. And in 2025, we're working to drive cash tax rate and our rate meaningfully lower and we've given guidance around that, and our book rate will come down as well. So lots of effort in everything around our working capital and free cash flow. And then another driver is really structurally higher margins. And so that margin improvement is going to flow through and you're going to see overall free cash flow continue to move. So we're very confident about -- through our path to consistently achieve 50% of free cash flow conversion as we really think going forward about working capital efficiency and the tax side. So lots of efforts made great progress in 2024, and there's more to come in 2025 for sure.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Kurt Hallead with Benchmark. Your line is open, please go ahead.
Kurt Hallead : Happy Friday, everybody and appreciate making some time for me here. Lorenzo, big picture, kind of question for you, right? You've outlined a very compelling story for obviously the IET growth dynamics, not only through 2030, but it looks like it extends out beyond that, when you start to talk about your increased installed base and aftermarket services. So given the moderating growth rates in Oilfield Services, without putting a hard number around it, you happen to have a feeling here about whether or not the IET business could wind up being at least half, if not more, of your business mix as you get closer to 2030?
Lorenzo Simonelli: Kurt, good to hear from you. And look, as we stated, our strategy is to continue to grow Baker Hughes in totality. And from a percentage standpoint of the two segments over time, IET will grow as the market and the addressable market is considerable, and we've got the opportunity to continue to move into new spaces. And the mix will change. Again, we don't have any final destination in mind, both of the business units are critically important and actually share a lot of the capabilities together and also customers together. And so that's why we think we're in a unique opportunity and like the way in which the portfolio is structured to the point of overall mix, yes, you'll see the element of IET as we continue to grow from a percentage standpoint, be a larger portion of Baker Hughes. Great. I think we're coming to time.
Operator: That was our last question, and I would like to hand the conference back over to Lorenzo Simonelli, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, for his concluding remarks.
Lorenzo Simonelli: Thank you very much, and thanks to everybody for joining us and taking the time on today's earnings call, and I look forward to speaking again with you all soon. Operator, you may close out the call.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in today's conference. This does conclude the program, and you may now disconnect. Everyone, have a great day.

===== 2024 Q3  (2024-10-23 09:30:00) =====
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Baker Hughes Company Third Quarter 2024 Earnings Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions will follow at that time. As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded. I would now like to introduce your host for today's conference, Mr. Chase Mulvehill, Vice President of Investor Relations. Sir, you may begin.
Chase Mulvehill: Thank you. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to Baker Hughes third quarter earnings conference call. Here with me are our Chairman and CEO, Lorenzo Simonelli; and our CFO, Nancy Buese. The earnings release we issued yesterday evening can be found on our website at bakerhughes.com. We will also be using a presentation with our prepared remarks during this webcast, which can be found on our website. As a reminder, during this conference call, we will provide forward-looking statements. These statements are not guarantees of future performance and involve a number of risks and assumptions. Please review our SEC filings and website for factors that could cause actual results to differ materially. Reconciliations of operating income and other GAAP to non-GAAP measures can be found in our earnings release. With that, I'll turn the call over to Lorenzo.
Lorenzo Simonelli: Thank you, Chase. Good morning, everyone, and thanks for joining us. Starting on Slide 4, we delivered strong third quarter results, highlighted by another record quarterly EBITDA and the third consecutive quarter of at least 20% year-on-year EBITDA growth. EBITDA margins continue to improve at an accelerated pace, increasing year-over-year by 2.7 percentage points to 17.5%, which marks the highest margin quarter since 2017. This strong performance is driven by significant margin expansion across both segments, with clear progress being made toward our 20% EBITDA margin targets. Total company orders remain at solid levels during the quarter, including $2.9 billion for IET. This marks the 8th consecutive quarter for IET orders at or above that level and highlights the end market diversity and versatility of our technologies. Our free cash flow performance was equally impressive during the quarter, coming in at $754 million. Our business continues to perform well and we remain confident in achieving the midpoint of our full year EBITDA guidance. Baker Hughes is becoming less cyclical and is demonstrating the capability to generate more durable earnings and free cash flow across cycles given our balanced portfolio, significant reoccurring IET service revenue, and improved cost structure, in addition to the company's untapped market opportunities. Turning to Slide 5. We want to highlight recent key awards and technology developments. In Gas Technology Equipment, we secured two additional FPSO orders, increasing the year-to-date total to four. Saipem awarded us a contract to supply BCL and ICL centrifugal compressors for TotalEnergies' all-electric Kaminho FSO project in Angola. Separately, IET was selected to provide electric motor-driven compressors for an FPSO project in a strategic Latin American basin. In Gas Technology Services, we secured a multi-decade agreement for an LNG facility in the Middle East to provide extensive aftermarket services and digital solutions leveraging IET's iCenter. Including this award, Gas Technology Services has booked into RPO over $600 million of contractual service agreements year-to-date, highlighting the value of gas technologies lifecycle offering. In new energy, we continue to see solid order momentum. We booked $287 million during the quarter increasing year-to-date orders to $971 million. We are on pace to exceed the high end of our $800 million to $1 billion order guidance, anticipating to book over $1 billion for the first time. In Climate Technology Solutions, we received the largest award to-date for our zero emissions ICL technology. As part of the UAE's decarbonization strategy, we will supply 10 compressor units to Dubai Petroleum enterprise for the Margham Gas storage facility, highlighting continued strong global demand for gas infrastructure. In OFSE, we continue to experience strong order momentum in Brazil, further strengthening our relationship with Petrobras. During the quarter, we received multiple contracts to supply flexible pipe systems in Brazil's Santos Basin. The contracts also include multi-year service agreements to support maintenance activities through the lifecycle of the project. We are also seeing increased brownfield activity as more customers spending is allocated to optimizing recovery from existing fields, an underlying trend that we expect to last many decades. This creates a strong backdrop for mature asset solutions; our integrated offering that leverages OFSE's full range of innovative technologies to enhance total field recovery. Aligned with this trend, we were awarded a sizable multi-year well intervention and completion contract in the Middle East. We continue to make progress on the digital front. OFSE benefited from increased customer adoption of Leucipa, our intelligent automated field production digital solution, a major global operator expanded the use of Leucipa across multiple wells in the Permian Basin, enabling optimized recovery rates through real time field orchestration to produce lower carbon short cycle barrels. Additionally, we announced earlier this month a new strategic collaboration with Repsol to develop and deploy next-generation AI capabilities for Leucipa across its global upstream portfolio. In addition, at the Gastech Conference last month, we launched CarbonEdge powered by IET's Cordant. This end-to-end risk-based digital solution delivers precise real time data and alerts on CO2 flows across CCUS infrastructure from subsurface to surface. This connectivity enables OFSE and IET customers to mitigate risk, improve decision making, enhance operational efficiency, and simplify regulatory reporting. Turning to the next slide. It is important to reiterate our long held macro view of structurally growing energy demand, which underpins our strategy and remains the nucleus of our long-term growth potential. Between now and 2040, we expect global primary energy demand to grow by 10%, driven by population growth and increasing energy intensity across major developing countries. To put this in perspective, there are roughly 8 billion people in the world today. 1 billion live in OECD countries, with the other 7 billion living in emerging economies. According to the Energy Institute, a person in the developed world consumes on average 3x the energy of a person who lives in emerging countries. Therefore, even a small increase in energy consumption per capita in the emerging world can have a sizable impact on overall energy demand. While we forecast significant growth in renewables, we believe this increase in primary energy demand will need to be met by multiple sources. Ultimately, we expect renewables to fall short of meeting both growing demand and replacing hydrocarbons to decarbonize the existing energy system. It will take an all of the above strategy, focusing on the emissions and not the fuel source, to meet the increase in energy demand. In our view, natural gas is a clear winner. It is abundant, low cost, and has lower emissions. This is the age of gas. By 2040, we expect natural gas demand to grow by almost 20% and global LNG demand to increase at an even faster rate of 75%. This backdrop provides a very constructive environment in which Baker Hughes can flourish. We are experiencing a significant increase in gas infrastructure equipment orders and anticipate this trend will continue as many developing economies look to increase the use of natural gas within power generation and industrial applications. In LNG, we continue to see a requirement for 800 MTPA of liquefaction capacity by 2030 to meet increasing global LNG demand. This year is supported by more than 200 MTPA of LNG capacity under construction today and a positive outlook for additional FIDs. Turning to oil. We anticipate moderating levels of demand growth through the end of the decade. In this environment, we expect OpEx spend to accelerate as the focus shifts from greenfields to brownfield developments. We have positioned our OFSE portfolio for differentiated growth in mature fields, playing a leading role in helping customers optimize oil and gas production through our mature asset solutions. With this energy mix backdrop, the focus must be on lowering emissions. We see energy efficiency and decarbonization technologies playing a critical role in achieving net zero goals. We are focusing our efforts to enhance and develop new technologies in these areas and see this as a fundamental growth theme for our company. On decarbonization, we continue to experience good traction across our new energy portfolio, which focuses on CCUS, hydrogen, geothermal, clean power and emissions abatement. We expect deployment of decarbonization technologies will continue to gain momentum as policy support and technology advances drive improving project economics. With this anticipated strengthening demand backdrop, we remain confident in our ability to achieve our 2030 orders target of $6 billion to $7 billion. Across our industrial and energy installed base, we are also developing solutions to enhance efficiency and reduce emissions from our equipment. This can be in the form of upgrading turbines and compressors, installing electric motors, or adding zero leak valves. Beyond equipment, we are seeing increased levels of digital adoption for Cordant, which improves asset performance, optimizes processes, and reduces energy consumption. Turning to Slide 7. I wanted to spend some time discussing near-term market dynamics, where we see customer spend shifting toward global gas and mature fuels as oil demand fundamentals soften. Oil markets have recently been impacted by both supply and demand factors, including slowing global economic growth, resilient North American production, weakening OPEC+ compliance, and geopolitical uncertainty in the Middle East. Even with the uncertain oil macro backdrop, our global upstream spending outlook for this year remains unchanged. In North America, we continue to anticipate spending to decrease year-over-year in the mid-single-digits range, and we expect to outperform given our production weighted portfolio mix. Across international markets, we maintain our outlook for high-single-digit growth this year. Looking beyond 2024, there are many factors that we are monitoring that could drive further volatility in oil prices. On the supply side, we continue to see production increasing in North America, adding to the growth in deepwater production that is planned for next year. Combining these variables, with planned OPEC+ production increases, projections point to relatively soft oil fundamentals in 2025. However, geopolitical uncertainty across the Middle East could create added volatility for oil prices. We continue to evaluate our 2025 plans for the company and we will communicate guidance in January. Based on the current macro and geopolitical environment, we expect next year's global upstream spending to be similar to 2024 levels. As the upstream cycle matures, we expect our customers to increasingly focus on optimizing production from existing assets, providing significant growth opportunities for our mature asset solutions. This leverages our decades of experience, deep domain knowledge and industry-leading technologies by capitalizing on our expansive capabilities across the OFSE portfolio. By 2030, we estimate that 80% of the world's oil and gas supply will be produced by mature fields. Turning to natural gas. We continue to see strong growth which will drive demand for our gas led products and solutions in both OFSE and IET. For LNG, year-to-date, off-take contracting has totaled 78 MTPA, which is on pace to exceed the record 84 MTPA achieved in 2022. This contracting strength supports our outlook for 100 MTPA of FIDs between 2024 and 2026. We also continue to see strong demand for gas infrastructure projects with significant awards this year for MGS-3 in Saudi Arabia, Hassi R'Mel in Algeria, and Margham Gas storage facility in Dubai. We expect non-LNG gas technology equipment orders this year to more than double levels booked in 2023. On the back of another strong year for new energy, we see several projects progressing toward FID in the U.S. and internationally in 2025, giving us confidence that our new energy orders will continue to grow. To conclude on the market outlook, our production levered OFSE portfolio will benefit from increasing levels of OpEx spending. In addition, our diversified IET portfolio and significant leverage to recurring revenue position us well to drive more earnings and free cash flow stability, which will be supplemented by the structural growth drivers, I outlined in our long-term energy outlook. Turning to Slide 8. I wanted to spend a few minutes discussing the full life cycle aspect of gas technology, where there is a strong linkage between equipment and services. This connectivity and associated recurring service revenue stream are valuable characteristics of our IET business that are more aligned with our high quality industrial peers. Starting from the design phase of the project, we work closely with our customers to select the right equipment to meet the desired operating conditions, while also providing solutions that are safe, reliable, and efficient. This early engagement provides significant visibility into our future equipment orders. After receiving the equipment award, we worked with the customer to design the appropriate maintenance plan to optimize their total cost of ownership. This typically includes preventive maintenance, the provision of spare parts, repairs, and field technical support. Compared to the original equipment sale, these aftermarket service agreements provide recurring revenue streams that can generate 1x to 2x the revenue over the life of the equipment. Commercial value of these long-term agreements is linked to performance, reliability and availability guarantees. This along with the engineering support over the life of the contract drives customer loyalty and in turn higher margins. In many cases, this recurring service revenue is supplemented by upgrade opportunities on our installed equipment. As the original equipment manufacturer with decades of service experience, we have the best knowledge to assess the feasibility of various options. We have successfully executed over 2,000 upgrade projects around the world, optimizing upstream oil and gas production, LNG production, pipeline transport volumes, refinery and petrochemical output, and much more. To meet rising upgrade demand, we are investing in new technology that keeps equipment running beyond its original design life and improve the availability, reliability, emissions, productivity and life cycle costs of our customers installed equipment. Our service capabilities will also continue to evolve and provide additional growth opportunities for our advanced service solutions, leveraging the latest AI capabilities and over 20 years of monitoring and diagnostic data from our machines. Through our iCenter facilities, which specialize in the edge to cloud applications and remote operations, we are able to improve operating performance, increase asset efficiency, and reduce emissions throughout the life of the equipment. At every stage of this life cycle journey, we are closely aligned with our customers to ensure they extract the best value from our equipment. In return, we are rewarded with a recurring higher margin revenue stream that is reflective of the differentiated industrial like aftermarket services provided by gas technology. Looking at Slide 9, our gas technology serviceable equipment base, which spans across LNG, onshore, offshore production, industrial, downstream and gas infrastructure markets, has doubled from 4,400 units in 2000 to about 9,000 units in 2023. Due to the significant growth and the introduction of service business models like contractual service agreements in the early 2000s, our Gas Technology Services revenues demonstrated a notable increase from about $400 million in 2000 to $2.6 billion in 2023. Looking out to 2030, we expect our serviceable installed base to increase by 20%, given our robust level of equipment backlog and positive outlook for orders. This significant installed base growth and the multi-decade lifespan of our equipment gives us confidence that we can structurally grow our Gas Technology Services revenue over the next decade. Anchored by gas technologies life cycle business model, our IET segment is truly differentiated and what sets us apart from our peer group. Before turning the call over to Nancy, I would also like to take a moment to welcome Amerino Gatti to the company, as our new Executive Vice President of OFSE. Amerino has an extensive background in both energy and industrial sectors. He will be pivotal in leading OFSE into the next horizons, building upon the strong foundations laid by Maria Claudia Borras and her team to achieve our 2025 EBITDA margin targets. We are accelerating towards the next phase of our journey. Across our three horizons, we remain focused on executing our strategic pillars, which include transforming the core, driving profitable growth, and delivering for new energy. We are committed to driving margins and returns higher and realizing the full potential of our diversified energy and industrial company. With that, I'll turn the call over to Nancy.
Nancy Buese: Thanks, Lorenzo. I will begin on Slide 11 with an overview of our consolidated results and then speak to segment details before summarizing our outlook. We have again delivered solidly on our third quarter results, setting another record for quarterly EBITDA and generating the highest EBITDA margins for the company since 2017. It is clear that our focus on operational excellence and profitable growth is demonstrating results. OFSE and IET both delivered exceptionally strong margin performance, helping to drive record adjusted EBITDA of approximately $1.21 billion, a 23% year-over-year increase and above our guidance midpoint. We have now met or exceeded the midpoint of our EBITDA guidance for all seven quarters that we've been providing guidance. We are delivering on our commitments and we remain focused on meeting our targets. GAAP operating income was $930 million; there were no adjustments to operating income during the quarter. GAAP diluted earnings per share were $0.77. Excluding adjusting items, earnings per share were $0.67, an increase of 59% when compared to the same quarter last year. Our adjusted tax rate declined to 26% as we continue to execute our tax optimization program. We expect our year-end tax rate to be slightly below the midpoint of our full year guidance range. As Lorenzo mentioned, we delivered another quarter of solid orders with total company orders of $6.7 billion, including $2.9 billion from IET. The diversity of IET's end markets continue to support a healthy order book, strengthened by additional gas infrastructure projects and two FPSO awards. We generated free cash flow of $754 million for the quarter, bringing our year-to-date total to almost $1.4 billion. For the full year, we are targeting free cash flow conversion of 45% to 50%. Our balance sheet remains strong, ending the third quarter with cash of $2.7 billion, net debt-to-EBITDA ratio of 0.8x and liquidity of $5.7 billion. Turning to capital allocation on Slide 12. In the third quarter, we returned $361 million to shareholders. This includes $209 million of dividend and $152 million of shares repurchased during the third quarter. Year-to-date, we have returned $1.1 billion to investors. For the full year, we remain committed to returning 60% to 80% of free cash flow to shareholders. Our primary focus is to continue growing the dividend with increases aligned with the structural growth of the business. We will continue to use share repurchases to reach the target range that we remain opportunistic. Now, I will walk you through the business segment results in more detail, and provide our outlook, starting with Industrial and Energy technology on Slide 13. IET EBITDA outperformed our guidance midpoint entirely attributed to outstanding margin performance. As I will discuss later, the process mindset adopted by the team is driving a culture of improved efficiency and productivity, which is clearly reflected in the segment's margin performance. IET orders remain strong at $2.9 billion, driven by further FPSO and gas infrastructure orders. We are also seeing solid momentum for Cordant solutions, which booked record orders. Year-to-date, we have now booked $9.2 billion of IET orders and we remain on pace to achieve our full year order guidance. The versatility and differentiation of the IET portfolio remain significant advantages for Baker Hughes, allowing us to profitably grow with new customers across both core energy and industrial end markets. IET RPO ended the quarter at $30.2 billion, an increase from prior quarter's record level and up 5% year-on-year. This level of RPO provides exceptional revenue and earnings visibility over the coming years. As we execute our robust equipment backlog, this will significantly increase our installed base, which will then drive structural growth in our aftermarket service business well beyond 2030. IET revenue for the quarter was $2.9 billion, up 9% versus the prior year, led by a 200% increase in Climate Technology Solutions and 9% growth in Gas Technology Services. IET EBITDA was $528 million, up 31% year-over-year. EBITDA margin increased 2.9 percentage points year-over-year to 17.9%. I want to specifically highlight the progress in gas technology equipment margins, which are up significantly due to conversion of higher margin backlog, cost efficiency improvement and strong productivity gains. We also continue to see good margin expansion in a few of our more digital and industrial levered businesses. Turning to Oilfield Services & Equipment on Slide 14. The segment maintained its strong margin trajectory and we are on track to achieve our 20% margin target for next year. This is a testament to the work the OFSE team has done to drive cost efficiencies and maintain commercial discipline as they remain focused on profitable growth and driving towards stronger service delivery to customers. Continued strength in flexibles helped to drive Subsea & Surface Pressure Systems orders of $776 million. We expect offshore activity to remain at solid levels and anticipate increased order contribution from subsea tree awards in 2025. OFSE revenue in the quarter was $4 billion, led by sequential growth in flexible pipe systems, surface pressure control, and artificial lift. International revenue was flat sequentially. Growth continued in Europe and Sub-Saharan Africa, which was offset by lower revenue in the Middle East and Latin America. In North America, revenues declined 5% sequentially, mostly due to the Gulf of Mexico. North America land revenues were flat sequentially, again outperforming rig activity due to our heavy weighting towards production levered businesses. OFSE EBITDA in the quarter was $765 million, up 14% year-over-year. OFSE EBITDA margin rate was 19.3%, increasing 2.3 percentage points year-over-year. This strong margin improvement was led by higher pricing, cost efficiency, and productivity enhancements that we've been executing across the business. We are particularly pleased with the continued improvement in SSPS performance where margins increased to record levels. Turning to Slide 15. I want to take a moment to emphasize the strong progress we are making in driving structural margin improvement. This is clearly evident from our results. An important aspect to highlight is that more than half of this quarter's year-over-year margin improvement is attributed to the transformation actions the team has executed across the company. This will continue to be a large contributor to our margin improvement as we progress through 2025. We are executing several projects to streamline activities, remove duplication, and modernize management systems. This is improving clarity, transparency, and the pace of decision making, enabling our colleagues to work smarter and drive costs structurally lower. We also continue to enhance our supply chain across the enterprise. Specifically, on our procurement strategy, we are focused on sourcing a larger volume of materials from best cost countries by leveraging suppliers in India, Mexico, and Eastern Europe. In IET, we have demonstrated significant progress this year, highlighted by EBITDA margins reaching the high-teens this quarter. We remain on track to achieve our 20% margin target in 2026, an important milestone in our journey towards high quality industrial type margins. The key drivers in achieving our margin target include conversion of higher margin gas technology equipment backlog, cost and supply chain efficiencies, higher industrial technology margins and reduced R&D spending as revenues continue to grow. We are demonstrating tremendous progress in IET. The team has adopted a process mindset that is driving a culture of improved efficiency and productivity, embracing industrial automation and deploying lean strategies across our operations. This is yielding higher throughput, lower manufacturing costs, and reduced lead times for our customers. This year alone, IET has initiated over 100 Kaizen projects. To give you some perspective on targeted improvements from these Kaizen, the team has recently reduced the lead time of one of our X-ray industrial inspection machines by one-third and made significant improvements to product costs on multiple product lines. In OFSE, we delivered an EBITDA margin rate of 19.3% in the quarter, which is approaching our 20% target. SSPS performance this year is a great example of the progress we have made in OFSE. SSPS EBITDA margins have increased significantly over the last two quarters and now are in line with our subsea equipment peers. This has been driven by refocusing our commercial model, rightsizing our capacity, and improving our execution. There are still more opportunities across the broader OFSE portfolio to optimize our supply chain improve service delivery and drive further cost productivity. We are focused on profitable growth over the coming years and remain confident in driving continuous margin improvement beyond our 20% target. Overall, we are making significant progress in changing the way we operate and are excited by the many opportunities still available to drive margins even higher across Baker Hughes. Next, I'd like to update you on our outlook. The details of our fourth quarter and full year 2024 guidance are found on Slide 16. The ranges for revenue, EBITDA, and D&A are shown on this slide and I will focus on the midpoint of our guidance. Overall, we maintain our outlook for the company. IET is benefiting from multiple cycles including LNG, gas infrastructure, offshore, and new energy. Our portfolio is well-suited to capitalize on the positive momentum in each of these areas. Given these tailwinds and our continued operational improvement, we expect fourth quarter total EBITDA of approximately $1.26 billion at the midpoint of our guidance range. For IET, we expect fourth quarter results to benefit from continued productivity enhancements and process improvements, as well as strong revenue conversion of the segment's robust backlog. Overall, we expect fourth quarter IET EBITDA of $590 million at the midpoint of our guidance range. The major factors driving this range will be the pace of backlog conversion in Gas Technology Equipment, the impact of any aero derivatives supply chain tightness in Gas Technology, and operational execution in industrial technology and Climate Technology Solutions. For OFSE, we expect fourth quarter EBITDA of $750 million at the midpoint of our guidance range impacted by activity uncertainty in Saudi Arabia, Mexico, and North America. Factors impacting this range include the SSPS backlog conversion, realization of further cost-out initiatives, broader activity levels, and the amount of year-end product sales. Now, turning to our full year guidance. We have narrowed the guidance range for total company EBITDA and the midpoint remains unchanged. We expect IET orders to remain at robust levels this year, driven by strong momentum across all aspects of the IET portfolio. We maintain our full year guidance range of $11.5 billion to $13.5 billion, with expectations for orders to approach the midpoint. As a result of robust backlog conversion and strong margin performance, we are increasing our full year outlook for IET EBITDA to $2 billion at the midpoint of our guidance range. For OFSE, our updated EBITDA midpoint is $2.87 billion, where margin strength is expected to be offset by lower second half OFS revenues. In summary, we are extremely pleased with the operational performance of the company. The third quarter marks the second consecutive quarter of record EBITDA, the highest EBITDA margin quarter since 2017 and a more than 150% increase for quarterly EPS in just two years. These are clear indicators that our transformation is working. The entire organization is committed to structurally improving margins and capitalizing on market opportunities with our differentiated portfolio of products and services, both of which are key drivers in our journey to further increase shareholder value. We are proud of the progress the company is making and we are excited about the future of Baker Hughes. I'll turn the call back over to Lorenzo.
Lorenzo Simonelli: Thank you, Nancy. Turning to Slide 18, our results are showing clear progress as the company's strategy is delivering success. EBITDA has almost doubled in four years and our margins are expected to be up 5 percentage points compared to 2020. Looking forward, we see a differentiated growth opportunity for Baker Hughes, led by our strong market positioning across natural gas, LNG, new energy, industrial, and mature fields. Recent growth cycles across multiple end markets have resulted in robust order levels that provide significant revenue visibility for IET's equipment and aftermarket service businesses. In addition, we continue our journey of relentless margin improvement. Total EBITDA margins this quarter reached the highest level since 2017, with both segments achieving high-teen margins on a path to our 20% targets. 20% is not a destination. It is only a milestone on our journey toward peer leading margins across both segments. To close, I'd like to thank the Baker Hughes team for yet again delivering very strong results. It's a testament to the strength of our people, the culture we are building, the portfolio we have created and the value of the Baker Hughes enterprise. With that, I'll turn the call over to Chase.
Chase Mulvehill: Thanks, Lorenzo. Operator, let's open the call for questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions]. Our first question comes from David Anderson with Barclays.
David Anderson: Great. Thank you. Good morning, Lorenzo.
Lorenzo Simonelli: Hey, Dave.
David Anderson: So, global gas infrastructure being a theme, IET is clearly really well-positioned over the -- as you highlighted through the end of the decade. I thought it was really interesting. You were highlighting kind of interconnectivity between the equipment and the services component. I was wondering if you could just talk about that a little bit and kind of dig into that a little bit more. The services business is clearly an accretive kind of growth angle here. You highlighted kind of how this all changes. So could you talk about kind of how you expect services to change going forward? I'm assuming most of this is LNG now, but then we also have a bit of a mix shift happening as you're seeing kind of the order book this year is more non-LNG. So could you talk about the various components of services and kind of how you see those sort of inflecting over the next several years?
Lorenzo Simonelli: Yes, definitely, Dave. And I think it's an important aspect of our business that sometimes is overlooked, and it's a key differentiator for gas technology because of the life cycle offering that we have with our customers, and we're able to optimize their total cost of ownership. And you can see in the presentation Slide 8, the connectivity that's associated with recurring service revenue stream, and the valuable characteristics, as I've mentioned before, razor, razor blade, and it's really aligned with our high quality industrial peers that have some of the same characteristics across the entire life cycle of the equipment. And this recurring revenue stream spans for a period of 20 years to 30 years, and can generate 1x to 2x the revenue that we get from the equipment originally when sold. And from a margin standpoint, also, it generates higher margins as an aftermarket service business compared to our equipment margin. And as you look at it today, Gas Tech Services already accounts for nearly 50% of IET's total EBITDA. And so when you look at the equipment build cycle that we've had, not just in LNG, but also on offshore, onshore production gas infrastructure, it provides us a lot of visibility to our service revenue over the next 20 years to 30 years that I think is different than some of our traditional peers. And it can be lumpy just because of the timing intervals of maintenance, but it typically takes about 7 years to 10 years from the equipment award to the vast significant service revenue milestone. So accordingly, what we're starting to see the benefits of now is related to the 2014, 2019 LNG cycle, where we booked more than 165 MTPA of LNG projects which were commissioned. And these facilities are now starting to reach their major inspection milestones. What's interesting though, and again important is the 200 MTPA under construction today hasn't yet started to generate material service revenue and won't start to do that until the latter part of this decade, early the next. The important aspect is though that we have the LNG installed capacity already in our backlog today, and that installed capacity is expected to grow by 70% by 2030. The same is true also on onshore and offshore production gas infrastructure. And we have a number of machines, as you know, in service today on FPSOs, pipelines, downstream, and industrial sites, with several under construction. So it gives us a lot of confidence that with the nearly $20 billion of Gas Tech Equipment orders since the start of 2022, along with the positive outlook for further GTE orders will drive a 20% growth in our installed base by 2030 and further upside beyond 2030. So it gives us continuous visibility and that increasing installed base as well as the upgrade opportunities will give us structural growth for the Gas Tech Services revenue over at least the next decade, led by the high service calories of LNG. But as you mentioned, also the increasing mix within FPSO and the gas infrastructure, and it's a very important element of our business that we want to shine a light to and hence the focus on page Slide 8 today.
David Anderson: Lorenzo, a real quick follow-up there, is the LNG calories from services? Are those higher calories than everything else? Is it a noticeable difference or just slightly higher?
Lorenzo Simonelli: The attachment rate on LNG is definitely higher. And as you know, we have contractual service models that we've implemented over the course of the last decades. And on LNG, there is a higher attachment rate. We do have the same attachment rate also on some of the FPSOs and then also transactional service agreements as well. So all bodes well with regards to Gas Tech Services going forward.
Operator: Our next question comes from Scott Gruber with Citigroup.
Scott Gruber: Well, I could say that you guys have been beating on margins all year, but this is by far the most impressive quarter, so congrats.
Lorenzo Simonelli: Thanks.
Scott Gruber: In IET, you mentioned confidence in achieving the 20% margin threshold in 2026. How do you think about the cadence of margin improvement over 2025? And in 2026, how smooth will that expansion be? Or is it more 2026 weighted from here? And as you think about the margin drivers, what are the biggest contributors over the next two years, just given the improvement already realized today?
Nancy Buese: Yes, Scott. I'll take that one. We are really pleased with the progress we're making on the margin front, and you've noted the significant improvement that we've made. We're continuing to really improve those margins at, I would say an accelerated pace, and that's increased 2.7 percentage points up to 17.5%, which is really the highest margin quarter since the company was formed. And truly, this is driven by really strong progress across both the segments and at corporate. And one way to help frame that up a little bit is just to kind of isolate the drivers, as you've asked is about half, a little over half of the year-over-year margin improvement was attributed to self-help across the company. And I think that's really notable about the work that's been done. So if you think about corporate, for example, we've really driven down our corporate costs. And we're right now on pace to be about $60 million annually, lower than they were just two years ago. And that's part of the work around enhancing the systems and processes, driving some real efficiencies, and removing any duplication between the center and the segments. We found that to be super effective. And then in IET, EBITDA margins have increased to 17.9%, that's up 2.9 percentage points year-over-year, and also a record. And that's due to a lot of really good work being done in the segments that's been going on over the last couple quarters, and you're seeing that play out today. So for example, Gas Tech Equipment margins are up significantly year-over-year, as we've signaled due to conversion of higher margin backlog, cost efficiency improvements, very strong productivity gains, and also some great work being done in supply chain. We've also continued to see really good margin expansion in some of our more industrial levered businesses like Bently Nevada, in valves and in gears. And as I mentioned, the segment has over 100 Kaizen projects going on today, and they're all driving for more improvement. So there is more to go. The progress is really clear. I think it's -- we've restated that we're very confident in achieving our 20% EBITDA target by 2026 in IET. And I would also say just one thing to note is that, that mix question we get between Gas Tech Equipment and Gas Tech Services, that differential is actually more muted than ever before. So that's really not a driver. This is really driven by excellent work being done on the segment. And then on the OFSE side, similarly, EBITDA margins have increased to 19.3%, that's up 2.3 percentage points year-over-year. So it's a really important change for them. The main driver was also around strong progress made in SSPS, which we noted, where EBITDA margins are up more than twice year-over-year, and they're really now in line with peers. So a lot of great work there. They've removed layers of duplication. They've right sized capacity and really narrowed the focus to basins and customers, and focusing more on price than on volume and really around service delivery. And in the rest of OFSE, we've been taking numerous actions to drive the margin rate beyond 20%. And if you recall, earlier this year, we talked about additional actions we were taking to remove duplication, and we're still receiving more benefits from that program, so more work to be done also in OFSC, but some great early signs. I think it's also really important to highlight that there is a lot within our control and we are actively progressing for both segments. We are fundamentally changing the way we work. Another thing to note though is the margin journey we're on is not totally reliant on the external market environment. So there is a lot of self-help. And even with the external markets changing, we are very confident in our ability to drive continuous margin improvement well beyond the 20% targets. So hopefully that gives you a little bit of color on where we're headed.
Lorenzo Simonelli: And Scott, just to note, I mentioned this in the remarks as well. This is not a destination the 20%. It is a milestone along a longer journey. And what you can see is, as Baker Hughes, we have visibility to a longer timeframe. And during that time frame, the goal is to continue to accrete the margin rates and obviously go above the 20% and that's just a milestone for 2025 for OFSE and 2026 for IET, and then it will continue to improve.
Scott Gruber: Got it. Appreciate the color. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Stephen Gengaro with Stifel.
Stephen Gengaro: The -- you have a slide in the presentation on GTS on the installed base. And I was curious, looking at the slide, you've seen, I think about 8.5% CAGR in revenue for the last 20 plus years, but the installed base has grown I think about 3%. So there's been strong outperformance in revenue versus the installed base. And I'm curious, as we look forward and you kind of guided to 20% growth in the installed base through 2030, how we should think about revenue growth relative to the installed base? Should we continue to see outperformance, and maybe if so, what would drive that?
Lorenzo Simonelli: Yes, definitely, Stephen. And you're rightly correct that we do see that the revenue growth should continue to outpace the 20% increase in our installed base as we go out to 2030. And as you look at the history, it's really down to four main factors that will contribute to that revenue growth. Firstly, higher pricing, as you know, some of the services are contractual service agreements, which are indexed pricing factors. And as you look at inflation being driven up, we'll see that come through in the contracts. Likewise for transactional agreements, as we see the pricing environment by market conditions, we're able to see benefit from that. Secondly, as you look at the mix improvement, and in fact as we're going forward, as was highlighted also with Dave's question, we do see a LNG mix being higher and our LNG installed base expected to increase by 70% between now and 2030. So that's a overall outpacing the 20% GTS installed base with higher attachment rates and more revenue per installed unit. Thirdly, advanced service solutions, our capabilities to evolve with digital capabilities and continue to monitoring and diagnostics of data on the machines, which we've been doing for 20 years, and we continue to do more. And finally, upgrades. And typically, customers have been really running their equipment right now and looking to not have upgrades. They've been deemphasized. But as we go forward, we think there's a lot of opportunities for our installed base to actually benefit from the upgrades, especially as we see the focus on emissions and efficiencies. And we've got a good technology basket of capabilities from an upgrade technology that we've been investing in and releasing them to the market. So those four levers are really the ones that give us comfort that the revenue growth is going to outpace the 20% increase in our installed base by 2030.
Operator: Our next question comes from James West with Evercore ISI.
James West: Hey, good morning, Lorenzo, Nancy.
Lorenzo Simonelli: Hey, James.
James West: So I wanted to ask again on IET, given the importance of that business, especially over the next couple of years and for the next decades or so of the business, a few things. One, kind of comfort on the $12.5 billion order number for this year. Obviously, it's late October, so probably pretty high. Two, kind of what are the puts and takes on 2025 orders? And how should we think about that? And then maybe lastly, if I could throw in a third one and break all the operators rules here. If I could talk a third one and ask you, when would you anticipate IET starting to surpass OFSE in terms of income for the company?
Lorenzo Simonelli: Good, James, that's a great way to get three questions into one.
James West: There you go.
Lorenzo Simonelli: So look, with regards to the first question on the aspect of 2024 for IET, feel good about the $12 billion to $12.5 billion. As you know, at the beginning of the year, we gave a guidance of $11.5 billion to $13.5 billion. And if you take that midpoint, again, we feel good about being able to achieve that. And I think what I've been particularly pleased about this year is, we gave that guidance at the beginning of the year before we knew about the LNG moratorium, and we've been able to see very robust levels of order intake even with lighter year-over-year LNG orders. And if you look at $9.2 billion of year-to-date orders, and only $700 million of LNG equipment orders so far in 2024. So significantly lower than last year when for the year, we booked $5.6 billion. So we've been able to see the diversity of our portfolio really come through. And as you look at the significant orders in gas infrastructure, FPSO as well as new energy, which, again, I highlight we're going to top the $1 billion for the first time, relative to new energy. And as you look at the guidance we gave at the beginning of the year, $800 million to $1 billion. So we feel good that even with all the headwinds, we are looking solid for the IET number this year. And as we look to next year, which was really your second question associated with order expectations. We'll come back in the fourth quarter earnings call and give more specific guidance relative to 2025. I'd say though, we feel good about 2025, with most segments similar to 2024, showing slight growth. I think if you start off with the equipment side, we do expect the pace of LNG FIDs to pick up next year, again, assuming a positive resolution of the U.S. LNG moratorium as well as the significant international LNG projects that are accelerating pace. Also, we've got a considerable addressable market outside of LNG that continues to be there. We stated that before for our GTE equipment, $100 billion to $120 billion between 2024 and 2030. Gas Infrastructure, again, we've had a very good year in 2024. That may be slightly softer in 2025, but again, overall, the puts and takes means that we're seeing a solid year in 2025 as well and very similar to 2024. And FPSO markets remain strong. Other market opportunities in micro grid as well as CTS. So positive with regards to IET orders in 2025. And on your last question, look, we feel good about both segments. We feel good about the growth trajectory, both on the margin, getting more accretive. And obviously, the Baker Hughes story is made up of both of them growing.
Operator: Our next question comes from Saurabh Pant with Bank of America.
Saurabh Pant: Lorenzo, Nancy, if you don't mind, I want to continue with the IET discussion, maybe make it a little nearer-term. If we look at the revenue number for the third quarter, it was a little below the range we were expecting. But the fourth quarter guide implies a pretty good rebound. And this is especially on the Gas Tech Equipment side of things. Maybe you can give us a little color on how things were evolving in the third quarter? And what's driving that rebound over the fourth quarter? Maybe it's just timing, right, but a little more color on that, please.
Nancy Buese: Yes. Happy to take that one. This is -- as you remember, this is a long-cycle business, and we certainly can experience some lumpiness from quarter-to-quarter for GTE in particular. And really, in some cases, they're just large projects that can experience some kind of delay due to an external factor. And that's why we give the range that we do. So that exactly happened in Q3, where we just had some supplier delays and some vessel delays. But the IET midpoint, we missed by just over $200 million, and that is all GTE related to timing. And so you will see that revenue coming in the coming quarters, and we'll see some of that in Q4, some of it in Q1. But we do remain super confident in our guidance. And I would say the important point to note is our guidance is still intact. And even with that lumpy revenue, the margin improvement continues and revenue overall is still increasing by 30% this year. So just to give a little context around that, GTE revenue is up 4% year-over-year. And if you look at year-to-date 2024 versus year-to-date 2023, it's actually up 33% and margins are now up to 17.9%. So we remain totally confident in our ability to continue executing on the nearly $12 billion of the GTE backlog. And again, as I said earlier, it's really not about mix, but revenues are up and margins are up. And margins are up 10 points year-over-year, and we are very confident in executing on that backlog. And it's also just good to note, too, that these are really diverse businesses deep down in IET and including Gas Tech, all of them are growing. So we are confident and GTE is -- all the orders are still there, and we are working through the backlog.
Lorenzo Simonelli: I would just add, and again, to go back to what Nancy mentioned at the beginning, and I know maybe it's different than some of our peers. These are long-cycle projects. Having seen these for over a decade, you're going to have some puts and takes over the course of quarters just based on also shipping and logistics as well as some of the deliveries. Again, all timing related. And I think the element here is, we're staying on track with the 20% EBITDA for 2026, the target that's been laid out and feel very good about the continued momentum of the orders coming in and the backlog being converted.
Operator: Our last question comes from Marc Bianchi with TD Cowen.
Marc Bianchi: Hi, thanks. I guess, the first question I had was just on the IET book-to-bill as we think about 2025. So it sounds like maybe the base case for the order level is flattish with where 2024 is. I'm curious how we should be thinking about the backlog conversion.
Lorenzo Simonelli: Yes. So again, if you look at the early read of 2025, and again, we'll give official guidance during the fourth quarter earnings call in January 2025. We're seeing, again, a robust level of activity. And year-over-year, again, like 2024, with positive momentum and then obviously looking to the LNG moratorium being lifted. And from a conversion perspective, again, the cycle time of these projects continues to be the same. So again, when you think about the RPO continuing to be at record levels as we go forward and continuing to convert at the same pace.
Operator: And thank you. That was our last question. I will hand you back to Mr. Lorenzo Simonelli, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, to conclude the call.
Lorenzo Simonelli: Thanks a lot to everyone for taking the time to join our earnings call today, and I look forward to speaking with you all again soon. Operator, you may now close the call.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in today's conference. This concludes the program. You may all disconnect. Everyone, have a great day.

===== 2024 Q2  (2024-07-26 09:30:00) =====
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Baker Hughes Company Second Quarter 2024 Earnings Call. At this time all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions will follow at that time. As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded. I would now like to introduce your host for today's conference, Mr. Chase Mulvehill, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
Chase Mulvehill: Thank you. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to Baker Hughes second quarter earnings conference call. Here with me are Chairman and CEO, Lorenzo Simonelli; and our CFO, Nancy Buese. The earnings release we issued yesterday evening can be found on our website at bakerhughes.com. We will also be using a presentation with our prepared remarks during this webcast, which can be found on our investor website. As a reminder, during the course of this conference call, we will be provide forward-looking statements. These statements are not guarantees of future performance and involve a number of risks and assumptions. Please review our SEC filings and website for the factors that could cause actual results to differ materially. Reconciliations of operating income and other GAAP to non-GAAP measures can be found in our earnings release. With that, I'll turn the call over to Lorenzo.
Lorenzo Simonelli: Thank you, Chase. Good morning, everyone, and thanks for joining us. We delivered outstanding second quarter results, highlighted by strong operational performance across the company. Our IET performance benefited from excellent execution of its robust backlog. In OFSE, results were supported by a solid seasonal recovery in the Eastern Hemisphere, portfolio resilience in North America and added success in driving enhanced cost efficiencies across the business. We continue to improve our operational consistency, as this marks the sixth consecutive quarter of meeting or exceeding the midpoint of our quarterly EBITDA guidance. As highlighted on Slide 4, we had another strong quarter for orders. This is particularly evident in IET, where we booked $3.5 billion during the quarter, including a large SONATRACH award for gas boosting in Algeria's Hassi R'Mel gas field. This marks the highest level of non-LNG equipment quarterly bookings in the company's history and again underscores the breadth and versatility of our IET portfolio. We also secured two major offshore topside contracts to provide power generation systems for innovative all-electric FPSO units, which will be installed offshore in Latin America. These awards further build on IET's positive momentum in the offshore market. On the digital front, Baker Hughes secured a multimillion dollar global frame agreement with BP, covering all of their upstream and downstream assets. This provides an enterprise subscription for Cordant Asset Health, enabling BP to deliver reliable, efficient condition monitoring and supporting its digital optimization strategy. We also saw continued traction in our Gas Tech Services business, booking to backlog free multi-year service awards that totaled $500 million. This included a 25 year service agreement to support our customers' offshore operations in Latin America. Our services backlog uniquely differentiates Baker Hughes, adding recurring long term and profitable revenue streams. In the new energy, we continue to see solid order momentum. We booked record new energy orders of $445 million during the quarter, taking year-to-date orders to $684 million sand already approaching the $750 million we booked in 2023. Considering this strong first half performance, we are trending toward the high end of this year's new energy guidance range of $800 million to $1 billion. This is another reflection of our technology differentiation and the versatility of our portfolio to provide new energy customers with innovative solutions. In Asia Pacific, we secured a major Gas Tech and Climate Tech Solutions contract to supply electric-driven compression and power generation to a global energy operator. This will enhance gas operations and power CO2 capture to reduce the carbon intensity at the customer's LNG facility. We also continue to build on our strategic collaboration with Air Products. In the second quarter, CTS was awarded a contract for CO2 and hydrogen compressors as well as pumps for one of Air Products' hydrogen projects in North America. In Germany, CTS also secured an award to provide [Passoni Deutschland] with zero emission integrated compressors, providing increased compression capacity to handle the large volumes of gas entering the network from new LNG regasification terminals. In July, we signed a long-term agreement to be a preferred equipment and service supplier for Wabash Valley Resources' ammonia and carbon sequestration plant in Indiana. The project will capture and sequester 1.6 MTPA of CO2, making it one of the largest carbon sequestration projects in the U.S. Importantly, the EPA issued Wabash Class VI permits in January of this year. Once this project is FID, we have the potential to book a wide range of orders that could span across both OFSE and IET. These include compression, pumps, valves, digital hardware and software, NovaLT turbines in IET, and sequestration analysis, CO2 flexible pipe, well construction, and surface and sub-surface monitoring in OFSE. This is one example of how we realize synergies between IET and OFSE, a theme we believe will become a common thread for new energy projects at Baker Hughes. In OFSE, we received another significant Petrobras award for workover and plug and abandonment services in pre-salt and post-salt fields offshore Brazil. The multi-year project will leverage Baker Hughes' integrated solutions portfolio to optimize performance for Petrobras. Turning to our operational performance. We delivered strong second quarter results, highlighted by 46% year-over-year EPS growth and 25% increase in EBITDA. Importantly, we again exceeded our EBITDA margin guidance, driven by outstanding execution and continued cost productivity improvements across the company. Our efforts to structurally change the way we operate are evident in our margin performance. Overall, EBITDA margins increased almost 150 basis points year-over-year to 15.8%. In OFSC, margins came in above our guidance, driven by strong performance in SSPS and the acceleration of our cost optimization initiatives announced earlier this year. Notably, OFSE's year-over-year incremental margins were approximately 60%, highlighting the team's persistent focus on cost productivity. In IET, margins also exceeded our guidance. Gas Tech Equipment posted another strong quarter with margin significantly increasing from the same period last year, as we convert higher margin backlog. In addition, Industrial Products & Solutions benefited from higher volumes and improved supply chain efficiency with both contributing to IET's better margin performance. Turning to the macro view on Slide 5. On the back of softer global demand and continued economic uncertainty, oil prices experienced some volatility during the second quarter. Yes, Brent prices still averaged $85 per barrel with support from the extension of OPEC+ production cuts, rising geopolitical risk, and firming oil demand in June. The trajectory of global economic activity, the persistence of inflation and geopolitical risk will be key factors in determining the oil price path for the remainder of this year. Next year, the pace of OPEC+ barrels returning to the market will likely be the major determinant of oil prices. Our global upstream spending outlook for the year is revised slightly lower due to North American softness. In North America, we previously expected the market to decline in the low to mid-single-digit range compared to last year. Due to lower-than-expected first half rig activity and tempered second half expectations, we now expect year-over-year declines in North America spending to be down in the mid-single-digits. With our Gulf of Mexico exposure, which is expected to demonstrate another year of solid growth and our portfolio mix that is more tied to production, we believe that our North American revenues will outperform the market. Across international markets, we maintain our expectations for high single-digit growth compared to last year. The market outlook already contemplated the expansion that OPEC+ cuts through the end of the year, as well as any potential timing differences between the transitioning of rigs from oil to gas in Saudi Arabia. Looking out beyond 2024, we expect global upstream growth to be led by Latin America and West Africa offshore markets and the Middle East, albeit at a decelerated pace. As the cycle matures, we expect our customers to increasingly focus on optimizing production from existing assets, providing significant growth opportunities for our mature asset solutions. This leverages our decades of experience, deep-domain knowledge and industry-leading technologies, including Leucipa and coveted franchises in both upstream chemicals and artificial lift. Turning to global natural gas and LNG on Slide 6. We reiterate our positive outlook for global gas markets. Earlier this year, the IEA updated its projections for electricity consumption, noting that, global demand for data centers, driven by crypto currency and AI could double by 2026. This robust data center growth implies its annual electricity consumption could account for 4% of global energy demand. To put this in perspective, this would equal roughly the same amount of electricity, used by the entire country of Japan. We believe natural gas will be essential to meet this growing power demand, which will be additive to the growth required for new energy sources in the future. Therefore, the notable rise in generative AI could provide upside to our current expectations for natural gas demand to increase by almost 20% between now and 2040. We are confident that, strong underlying natural gas demand will lead to robust and sustainable growth in LNG. Through the end of this decade, we maintain our expectations for LNG demand to increase by mid-single-digits annually, requiring an installed nameplate capacity of 800 MTPA by 2030. As we highlight on the slide, year-to-date offtake contracting for LNG is 42% higher than the same period last year. With recent contracting of Middle East capacity from Asian buyers and portfolio players, we expect a record breaking year for contracting offtake volumes. Contracting of offtake capacity is a key factor in many LNG projects reaching FID. Therefore, these recent trends only increase our confidence in the pipeline of potential projects progressing. We continue to expect global LNG FIDs of about 100 MTPA over the next three years, which would result in our installed capacity increasing by 70%. Importantly, our growing installed base of equipment, brings significant aftermarket service opportunities for Baker Hughes across the lifecycle of the equipment. Turning to Slide 7, I want to take a moment to reflect on the strong tailwinds outside of LNG that we are experiencing within IET's Gas Technology Equipment portfolio. The versatility of Gas Tech Equipment uniquely sets Baker Hughes apart from our peers. This enables us to sell our equipment into numerous end markets, outside of LNG, where we often compete and win against a diverse group of industrial companies. In the first half of this year, we have booked $6.4 billion of orders, with about 85% associated with non-LNG equipment and services. This strength has been most notable in Gas Tech Equipment, where we booked almost $1.4 billion of non-LNG orders during the quarter. On the back of a robust fast half, we now expect Gas Tech Equipment orders outside of LNG to exceed $3 billion for the full year, which is almost double last year's level. Looking beyond 2024, we see an opportunity for our GTE business to capture increasing share of the addressable non-LNG market, which we expect to total $100 billion to $120 billion through 2030. This significant opportunity includes a broad set of growing end markets, including gas processing and pipeline infrastructure, onshore and offshore production, downstream, and industrial. This year, we have experienced a notable increase infrastructure orders. In the first quarter, we announced the Master Gas System Free award with Aramco. During the second quarter, we booked the Hassi R'Mel pipeline expansion project in Algeria that will bring gas to Europe. In total, these two projects accounted for more than $1 billion of equipment bookings. Looking over the next few years, we see continued strength in gas infrastructure opportunities across the Middle East, U.S., Latin America, and Sub-Saharan Africa, due to secular growth in global natural gas and LNG demand through at least 2040. This will drive further momentum in gas infrastructure equipment orders well beyond this year and provides opportunities for Gas Tech services, condition monitoring and pipeline inspection. A key strength of our business model is to monetize equipment cycles and leverage our growing installed base for sustainable and profitable revenue growth. Beyond gas infrastructure markets, we also expect continued strength in onshore and offshore production orders, led by the FPSO market. Over the next few years, we anticipate the market awards 7 to 9 FPSOs per year, driven by growth in Brazil and Guyana. Long, X.M recent discoveries in Namibia's Orange Basin provide growing confidence in FPSO orders outside the strong momentum we see over the next couple of years. In onshore production, we are optimistic about associated processing opportunities as global gas production increases, particularly in the Middle East. One example is the Jafurah gas field where we have been previously awarded compression trains, stabilizer compressors, valves and condition monitoring for the strategic gas basin in Saudi Arabia. As this basin is set to significantly increase production, we see opportunity to book additional IET orders in the future. In refining and petrochemicals, we are also experiencing positive momentum. We see growing opportunities for refinery conversion to bio-feedstock as well as growth in ethylene and ammonia markets, driven by rising fuel, fertilizer, and plastics demand. We are seeing increasing power demand led by data center and electric vehicle growth. This dynamic coupled with renewables intermittency and planned reduction in coal-fired generation capacity is expected to result in power shortages across U.S. grid network. For example, ERCOT's Texas power grid operator has forecasted that 2030 peak summer low demand will exceed generation by 33 gigawatts. This is equivalent to the energy needed to power 25 million homes, which amounts to 10x the number of homes in Houston. Due to these grid reliabilities and availability concerns, we are experiencing increased interest in our turbo-machinery technology for behind-the-meter and off-grid solutions across data centers, transportation sectors such as airports and seaports, and oil and gas markets. Our NovaLT turbines, which can run either on natural gas or hydrogen, are the core technology for our micro-grid offering. We will also benefit from increased demand for utility scale power solutions through our partnership with NET Power as well as our steam turbine generators and super-critical CO2 technology that enable power generation through small modular reactor solutions. Lastly, we have experienced solid growth across our BRUSH portfolio, which includes solutions to meet most challenging requirements for power generation, grid stabilization and decarbonization with its electric motors, synchronous generators and condensers. As additional intermittent renewable power capacity and electrification-driven demand are added to the grid, we expect that grid stabilization will be an area of significant growth for IET. In summary, we are very excited by the strong tailwinds that we are seeing across our energy and industrial end markets. We remain confident in our ability to deliver $11.5 billion to $13.5 billion of IET orders this year. Before I turn the call over to Nancy, I wanted to briefly provide some highlights around the progress we are making on our emissions and the success we're having in helping our customers reduce their own emissions intensity. Baker Hughes was one of the first companies in our industry to make a public commitment to a reduction in our operational emissions by 2030 and achieve net zero by 2050. As detailed in our Corporate Sustainability Report published in May, we remain on-track to achieve these goals, and we continue to provide products and services that help our customers reduce their emissions intensity. In IEC, we have sold a number of zero emission integrated compressors or ICLs. Also, customers are increasingly interested in our more efficient turbines highlighted by increasing NovaLT order flow. Our Panametrics' flare.IQ technology is also seeing increased customer adoption. It helps to monitor, reduce and control emissions associated with flaring and covers a wide range of assets, including assisted flares associated with downstream petrochemical, refinery, and upstream operations. In OFSC, our artificial lift product line deploys more efficient permanent magnet motors at well sites, replacing older, more emissive technology. Combining permanent Magnum motor technology with Baker Hughes' electrical, submersible pump capabilities creates differentiated solutions, providing advantages for our customers and producing fewer emissions. Across both segments, we have developed digital and condition monitoring solutions that enable our customers to efficiently monitor their equipment performance, highlighting any inefficiencies that drive emissions up. Our customers are clearly focused on reducing their emissions, and we have a broad suite of products to help them on this journey. With that, I'll turn the call over to Nancy.
Nancy Buese: Thanks, Lorenzo. I will begin on Slide 9 with an overview of our consolidated results and then speak to segment details before summarizing our outlook. We're extremely pleased with our second quarter results. Our operational discipline and rigor are gaining traction, highlighted by our consistent improvement in EBITDA margins and returns. In just two years, our margins are up almost 300 basis points, a credit to our team's dedication and hard work. We're pleased with the strong margin performance in both OFSC and IET, resulting in adjusted EBITDA of $1.13 billion, a 25% year-over-year increase. This was driven by strong backlog conversion in both SSPS and IET, effective management of our aeroderivative supply chain tightness in Gas Tech Services and realization of efficiency gains and productivity improvements across the business. GAAP operating income was $833 million. Adjusted operating income was $847 million. GAAP diluted earnings per share were $0.58. Excluding adjusting items, earnings per share were $0.57 an increase of 46% compared to the same quarter last year. Our continued discipline resulted in corporate costs for the quarter of $83 million, down more than 20% since our transformation effort began in 2022, a testament to our multi-year focus on driving productivity and efficiency gains. Our adjusted tax rate was down slightly year-over-year to approximately 30%, as we continue to execute our tax optimization program. We have line of sight to additional tax rate improvement opportunities and we'll execute on these in the coming quarters. As Lorenzo mentioned, we had another quarter of strong order momentum with total company orders of $7.5 billion including $3.5 billion from IET. The diversity of IET's end markets continue to support a healthy order book, which was led by the Hassi R'Mel gas pipeline boosting project and two FPSO awards booked during the quarter. Alongside a strong order book, IET RPO ended the quarter at $30.2 billion, up 10% year-over-year and setting a new record for the company, as IET RPO is now up 50% over the last 5 years. In OFSC, RPO remained at a healthy $3.3 billion. Free cash flow came in at $106 million for the quarter, bringing our first half total to $608 million. As we previously highlighted, we expect free cash flow to be more weighted towards the back half of the year. For the full year, we continue to target free cash flow conversion of 45% to 50%. Turning to Slide 10. Our balance sheet remains strong, as we ended the second quarter with cash of $2.3 billion, net debt-to-EBITDA ratio of 0.9x and liquidity of $5.3 billion. Let's turn to capital allocation on Slide 11. In the second quarter, we have returned $375 million to shareholders. This included $209 million of dividends and $166 million of shares repurchased during the second quarter. In total, for the first half of the year, we have returned $743 million to investors. For the full year, we remain committed to returning 60% to 80% of free cash flow to shareholders. Our primary focus is to continue growing our dividend with increases aligned with the structural growth in the company's earnings power. We will continue to utilize buybacks to reach the target range and we remain opportunistic. Now I will walk you through the business segment results in more detail and provide our outlook. Starting with Industrial and Energy Technology on Slide 12. For the second consecutive quarter, IET outperformed our EBITDA guidance, mostly attributed to excellent conversion of Gas Tech Equipment backlog that drove revenue and margin upside. IET orders were strong at $3.5 billion with non-LNG Gas Tech Equipment accounting for 97% of the total. Year-to-date, we've now booked $6.4 billion of IET orders and we remain on track to achieve our guidance range $11.5 billion to $13.5 billion. The versatility and differentiation of the IET portfolio across Industrial and Energy segments remains a significant competitive advantage for Baker Hughes, allowing us to profitably grow with new customers and applications. CTS orders were $392 million in the second quarter, led by solid order activity in both carbon capture and hydrogen-related projects. This puts CTS orders for the first half of 2024 at $585 million, supporting robust year-to-date new energy orders of $684 million. IET RPO ended the quarter at $30.2 billion a record level and up 10% year-on-year. This level of backlog provides exceptional revenue and earnings visibility over the coming years. As we execute our robust equipment backlog, this will significantly increase our installed base, which will then drive structural growth in our aftermarket service business well beyond 2030. Turning to Slide 13. IET revenue for the quarter was $3.1 billion, up 28% versus the prior year, led by a 59% increase in Gas Tech Equipment revenues, as we continue to execute our record levels of backlog. We also experienced outstanding performance in Cordant. Gas Tech services revenues expectations, increasing 5% versus the prior year. IET EBITDA was $497 million, up 37% year-over-year. EBITDA margin increased about 100 basis points year-over-year to 15.9%. I want to specifically highlight the progress in Gas Tech Equipment margins, which are up about 500 basis points compared to prior year levels, due to conversion of higher margin backlog, cost efficiency improvement and strong productivity gains. We also continue to see good margin expansion in our Industrial Tech business led by Cordant, where we are benefiting from the improved output due to process enhancements and a return to normalization of our supply chain. Now turning to Oilfield Services and Equipment on Slide 14. The segment maintained its strong margin trajectory, keeping us on track to achieve our 20% margin target for next year. This is a testament to the work the OFSC team has done to drive cost efficiencies and maintain commercial discipline as they remain focused on profitable growth. Continued strength in flexibles helped to drive SSPS orders of $888 million up 40% on a sequential basis. We expect the offshore market to remain strong and anticipate an increased order contribution from subsea-tree awards in the second half of the year. OFSC revenue in the quarter was $4 billion, up 6% quarter-over-quarter. International revenue was up 7% sequentially. We experienced continued growth across all Middle Eastern markets and a strong seasonal recovery in North Sea, where rigs returned from maintenance following the prior quarter's delays. In Latin America, we continue to experience rig reactivation delays in Mexico. In North America, 3% sequential growth was entirely attributed to the Gulf of Mexico, where a sharp increase in project-related activities benefited results. North America land revenues remained relatively stable compared to first quarter, outperforming the decline in rig activity due to our weighting towards production businesses. OFSC EBITDA in the quarter was $716 million, up 13% year-over-year. This was led by solid performance on both revenues and margins. OFSC EBITDA margin rate was 17.8%, increasing 144 basis points year-over-year. This strong margin improvement was led by cost efficiency and productivity enhancements that we've been executing across the business. We are particularly pleased with the continued improvement in SSPS margin performance, which is now approaching low teens. More broadly, we are clearly seeing the benefits of our transformation efforts initiated in late 2022, which are having a positive impact on our financial performance across both segments. Turning to Slide 15. I want to take a moment to provide more details on the actions we're taking to drive sustainable margin improvement across the company. In IET, the team has adopted a process mindset that is driving a culture of improved efficiency and productivity. We are on a journey to create an efficient organization that emphasizes the elimination of waste, continuous improvement and delivers more value to our customers. As highlighted by the strong margin outperformance so far this year, these continued optimization efforts are gaining traction across IET and are a key part of the strategy to reach our 20% margins by 2026. In OFSC, we're focusing on improving our cost competitiveness and enhancing our execution. Supply chain optimization and service delivery improvements are key strategic priorities to achieve our 20% margin targets. Commercially, we remain disciplined, ensuring we are maximizing returns and focusing on profitable growth. Combined with our leading technologies and solutions, we are now demonstrating a sustainable uplift in our OFSC margins. In our corporate functions, we're driving structurally lower corporate costs, as we execute several projects to streamline activities, remove duplication and modernize management systems. This is improving clarity, transparency and the pace of decision making. We are making significant progress in changing the way we operate. What it strikes me the most is what lies ahead. We still have a lot of opportunity to drive margins higher and the market tailwinds for our unique portfolio of technologies and solutions are only strengthening. Next, I'd like to update you on our outlook. The details of our third quarter and full year 2024 guidance are found on Slide 16. The ranges for revenue, EBITDA and G&A are shown on the slide and I'll focus on developments. Overall, we're increasingly bullish on the outlook for the company, in particular, our IET business. As Lorenzo highlighted, this segment is benefiting from strength in multiple cycles including LNG, gas infrastructure, offshore and new energy. Our portfolio is well-suited to capitalize on the positive momentum in each of these areas. Given the tailwinds and our continued operational improvement, we expect third quarter company EBITDA of $1.2 billion at the midpoint of our guidance range. For IET, we expect third quarter results to benefit from continued productivity enhancements and process improvements, as well as strong revenue conversion of the segment's record backlog. Overall, we expect third quarter IET EBITDA of $525 million at the midpoint of our guidance range. The major factors driving this range will be the pace of backlog conversion in Gas Tech Equipment, the impact of any aeroderivative supply chain tightness in Gas Tech and operational execution in Industrial Tech and Climate Tech Solutions. For OFSE, we expect third quarter results to reflect typical seasonal growth in international and flattish activity in North America. We expect third quarter OFSC EBITDA of $760 million at the midpoint of our guidance range. Factors impacting this range include the phasing of 2024 E&P budgets, SSPS backlog conversion, realization of further cost out initiatives and execution on larger international projects. Turning to our full year guidance. We are increasing the midpoint of the EBITDA range by 5%, entirely attributed to strong IET performance as our OFSC EBITDA midpoint remains unchanged. For the full year 2024, we now expect Baker Hughes EBITDA of $4.525 billion at the midpoint of our guidance range. Given the strength in first half new energy orders, we now expect to end the year towards the high-end of our $800 million to $1 billion range. We expect IET orders to remain at robust levels this year and maintain the guidance range between $11.5 billion to $13.5 billion driven by strong momentum across all aspects of the IET portfolio. As a result of robust backlog conversion and strong margin performance, we are increasing our full year outlook for IET EBITDA to $1.965 billion at the midpoint of our guidance range. Compared to our prior guidance, this amounts to a 12% increase. For OFSE, we maintain our EBITDA midpoint at $2.9 billion for our guidance range, as we expect margin upside to offset lower revenue expectations in North America. In summary, for Baker Hughes, we now expect the company to generate at least 20% EBITDA growth for the second consecutive year. We remain focused on execution, driving further operational improvements and capitalizing on market tailwinds with our differentiated portfolio of products and services. Overall, we are very pleased with the progress demonstrated by our second quarter results. The structural changes we are making to the business are increasingly visible in our financial performance and provide a clear path to our upgraded guidance range. We are intensely-focused on driving sustainable margin improvements and remain on track to deliver 20% EBITDA margins in OFSC and IET. We are excited about the continued improvement of our business and about the future of Baker Hughes. I'll turn the call back to Lorenzo.
Lorenzo Simonelli: Thank you, Nancy. Turning to Slide 18. We are exceptionally proud of the progress we have demonstrated on the margin front. EBITDA margins are expected to be in the high teens range during the second half of this year, and 2024 is anticipated to produce Baker Hughes' highest margin rate. Our transformation efforts are clearly driving structural improvement in underlying margins. Our progress is clear and we are confident in our plan to achieve 20% margins for OFSE in 2025 and IET in 2026. The story today of Baker Hughes is more than just improving operational performance. As I highlighted earlier, we have growth tailwinds in IET that span across multiple end markets, including gas infrastructure, LNG, FPSOs, distributed power, and new energy. Orders from these key growth markets have been major drivers of our record equipment backlog. Throughout our transformation, we have taken steps to reinforce our culture as one Baker Hughes. Our people are the driving force behind our success. We put people first and take energy forward. I'd like to conclude by thanking the Baker Hughes team for yet again delivering very strong operating results. It's a testament to the strength of our people, the culture we're building, the portfolio we have created, and the value of the Baker Hughes enterprise. With that, I'll turn the call back over to Chase.
Chase Mulvehill: Thanks, Lorenzo. Operator, let's open the call for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Luke Lemoine with Piper Sandler.
Luke Lemoine: Good morning, Lorenzo, Nancy. You had really strong margins in both segments, which I guess is another step on your journey to 20% for both. You talked about some of what has been done, but could you elaborate on the drivers from here, if it's any cost initiatives, operational enhancements that we should focus on or kind of an IET or backlog conversion or mix?
Lorenzo Simonelli: Definitely, Luke. And I'm really proud of what the team's been able to accomplish. As you said at 2Q, really some great results and it's a testament to the execution that we started also back in the fall of 2022, when we went from four discrete segments into two. We had numerous changes and also we started a restructuring of taking cost out, $150 million in 2023, and really streamlining processes, reducing duplication. As you look at the segments in particular, I mean, IET is really on a process of continuous improvement, adopting lean mindset as they have a great backlog that they're continuing to churn out and we're increasing automation, the efficiencies of supply chain, the customer-centric approach and really delivering more value to our customers with what we have. And that volume is great for the future as well, and we're continuing to do more with it and getting the efficiencies from a margin perspective. On OFSC, again, it's cost competitiveness. It's continuing to drive as you saw in the fall of '23, announcing a restructuring with taking out duplication, announcing execution, service delivery improvements, a focus on best cost country sourcing and really profitable growth as we go forward. It doesn't stop in the segments, also across the company, the structural improvements that you heard, Nancy mentioned beforehand. We're expecting the margin expansion to continue. As you look at '24, we're going to be up about 150 basis points, which is better than what we said previously, and we're fully committed to the 20% in OFSE in 2025 and also the 20% in IET in 2026 and very confident in our ability to achieve those. A lot of things coming together and a lot of hard work by the team.
Nancy Buese: Luke, I would just add to that. As we've indicated, we're doing a lot of fundamental work. We are changing the way we work within the company. We are building sustainable improvement. You will continue to see those margins pick up over time. Just to be clear, this is the hard work from thousands of employees across the globe and every little bit matters. And so, we're really seeing the margin improvements from many, many things. There's key drivers, but it's a great effort and a testament to all the work the teams are doing across the company.
Luke Lemoine: This is somewhat related, Nancy, but you raised your EBITDA guidance by 5% this year, and we saw some of the segment detail in the slide deck. Could you walk through some of the drivers that's pushing this higher? I mean, I know some is probably the margin expansion here, but anything else that's noteworthy?
Nancy Buese: Yes. From an IET perspective, that was really the driver of the increase to guidance. So we raised the midpoint by about 12%. That's the second consecutive year of significant record EBITDA for the segment. It was really driven by stronger revenue expectations and upgrade in margins. And so, we believe that IET revenues will increase by about 20% this year, which is 8% above our prior guidance. That's really driven by GTE and Industrial Solutions, if those are the drivers of the margin upside. Revenue comes on the back of stronger backlog conversion, Industrial Solutions on the heels of Cordant. Great improvements there. On the margin side, we were expecting 2024 IET margins of 16.2%, which is about 120 basis points ahead of last year and 70 basis points upgrade versus our prior outlook. Really starting to see great margin improvement on the IET side. Those are just outperforming, where we originally thought we'd be. On the GTE side, that's that higher margin backlog that we've spoken about, stronger pull through and then the cost efficiencies really starting to come through. In Industrial Solutions, that's around supply chain optimization and higher volumes as well. I would note that, OFSC has remains unchanged, so still strong from what we had indicated earlier in the year. But overall, we're very happy with where we are today and our technology differentiation, our portfolio versatility is really driving performance and that's what we've indicated. I would also say is that, we're really seeing sustainable improvements that we expect to extend for quite some time. I would also note that, with the backlog that we have and the growth in the equipment base, you're going to see even more Gas Tech Services growth opportunities over the longer-term with these backlog levels. That's really the driver for the guidance increase.
Operator: Our next question is going to come from the line of David Anderson with Barclays.
David Anderson: Hi. Good morning, Lorenzo and Nancy. I want to follow on with Nancy you're just talking about and that was on the services side of Gas Tech. You had another big quarter in orders, IET backlog at another record level, up quite a bit over the last five years. How is that installed base translated to Gas Tech Equipment services side of the business? Given the backlog and installed base, what does this mean for kind of the growth over the next few years? You did 13% sequentially this quarter, bit higher than we were modeling. Are we at a point now where we can start thinking about this as a mid-teens growth annually? Is that a reasonable expectation from here? A lot going on in maintenance and replacement cycle. It's kind of hard for us to model that.
Lorenzo Simonelli: David, as you said, it's an impressive growth rate. Over the course of the last five years, again, a 50% growth in the RPO. I think that's a testament to the portfolio that we have of equipment that goes into critical areas. It's a key differentiator. We're not just in one aspect of an industry or market. We can cut across many. Gas Tech is a full life cycle business. I think you've got to look at it from a standpoint of razor, razor blade. We've said this before, this isn't just an equipment sale, this is the ability to stay close to the customer and be with them for 20 to 30 years. That may come later than the equipment sale, but it's there. And so, we look constantly at our installed base and look at the opportunity for that services revenue stream to come through. You're starting to see it come through and it provides that long-term visibility and confidence in the sustained growth outlook that we see for the company going forward. It's under-appreciated right now, we feel, because, again, it's that aspect of an amazing backlog that's been built over five years, now starting to come out, and we've got the equipment being installed and you'll see that service stream continuing for many years to come and again being on a life cycle basis. Razor, razor blades, that's clearly a model here that we're taking forward.
David Anderson: Maybe if I could just shift over on the OFSE side around Eastern Hemisphere. Latin America has been a bit of a mess this year. It's kind of hard to figure out which way the ball is going there. But, you outperformed overall, internationally, your peers 7% sequentially, Eastern Hemisphere is really strong, particularly in the Middle East. In your guidance for high single-digit growth spending internationally for this year and then as we think into 2025, can you talk about which markets you have kind of really good lines of sight on in which you can outperform? I know Saudi is on the top of the mind. You mentioned West Africa as well. Could you just dig into that a little bit more in terms of, are these big contracts that are starting up? What gives you the confidence on that visibility over the next, let's say, 18 months?
Lorenzo Simonelli: Yes. Definitely, Dave. And as you said, we continue to see an outlook of high single-digit in the international market and very pleased with also the second quarter performance from a quarter-over-quarter being up 7%. Again, as we look at the marketplaces, there's the significant offshore as you look at Suriname, Namibia, Guyana that continues to be strong, Brazil. Again, you've got, as you mentioned, some of the dynamics that take place in Mexico, which will continue, no doubt. With the international overall, continues to be strong. Middle East is also an area of growth for us as we continue to move forward. There's several good prospects. I would look at it from a standpoint of growth in the future at a slower pace, so positive, but again decelerating as we go forward. We remain very optimistic about the continued aspect of international growth and also the mature assets and the opportunity around mature asset solutions that we can actually provide to the company and the customers we have, and brownfield opportunities that exist, as people continue to look at increasing production. That's a sweet spot for us. As you know, we are more on the production side. We've got the chemicals. We've got the ESPs, and we've got the solutions also from a digital standpoint that we rolled out to the marketplace.
Operator: Our next question is going to come from the line of James West with Evercore.
James West: Thanks. Good morning, Lorenzo and Nancy. Clearly from your prepared remarks and some of the comments made already in the Q&A, you guys are feeling good momentum. That's great to hear. Perhaps the first question for me, Lorenzo, if we think about the really with an unappreciated part of your business is leverage to the behind the meter. You mentioned some of the things, but there's micro grids, obviously the off-grid solutions and of course data centers are an opportunity that we all see going forward. Could you still elaborate on the role you see Baker and your gas technologies playing in these other solutions outside of the big LNG and other projects?
Lorenzo Simonelli: Definitely, James. As you say, I think it's an area that's coming to the forefront and people are better appreciating the portfolio of capability that we have to help in an area where you need continuous power supply, the need for distributed power systems and we know that, that's just going to increase over time. I mean, you look at some of the predictions out there, you highlighted the data centers and the IEA says that by 2026, they're going to consume 800 terawatt hours, and that's basically a doubling of the consumption from 2022. And you need a lot of these micro-grids to help. And we've got gas turbine technology that is beneficial for those, especially on the off-grid. And it's not just the data centers, it's overall, as you look at the instability of the grid and the requirements that are being placed on the grid. A lot of people, customers are looking at off-grid solutions, and that's even evident in the Permian. And where brownouts are a regular occurrence and now we're seeing companies come to us and ask for off-grid solutions, and we've got modular capabilities. And on the small scale, again, we've got the NovaLT turbines. We've got the opportunity of steam cabins. We've got the SMR solutions. And then as we go larger scale and in the future, you've also got net power. And these are -- is a portfolio of capabilities that we can give to oil and gas, airports, shipping, and we see those as all key segments that need additional power going forward. And increasingly, they're going to off-grid solutions. So we're looking at the market, developing proposals, working with partners and ecosystems and see this as a tremendous opportunity going forward.
James West: Great. We certainly agree with that. And maybe, Nancy, for you. We have the new range for the year. Curious about the puts and takes on cash flow, the high end of the range versus the low end of the range. What are the key drivers to either hit the high end or be towards the low end? And I know you've always talked this year about cash flow and free cash flow, especially being back-end loaded, which looks like it's going to be. But I'd love to hear -- maybe some additional color there would be great.
Nancy Buese: Sure. And free cash flow is always lumpy from quarter-to-quarter, and that's really why we don't guide to it by quarter, but we give you the guidance of 45% to 50% free cash flow conversion. And if you look back over the last 5 years, we're very consistent with where we have landed. And remember also that Q1 really outperformed. And so I would say what you've seen for first half of the year is exactly what we would have anticipated, and we're pleased with that. And as you mentioned, second half free cash flow is always stronger, and that's what we're anticipating again this year. It's always impacted by a few things, certainly in this quarter by timing of collections with some key customers. We always have down payments that we're not always sure when those are going to come in. And I would just reiterate our confidence in the 45% to 50% conversion for the year and our longer-term target remains 50% plus. And right alongside that, we would also remind, James, just the returns to shareholders. So in the first half of the year, we returned almost -- sorry, almost $750 million, which is up 50% year-over-year, and that's focused on the dividend growth and the share buyback. So we will always continue to focus on those things being an alignment, but strong conviction in our ability to get there on the free cash flow conversion.
Operator: Our next question is going to come from the line of Arun Jayaram with JPMorgan Securities.
Arun Jayaram: Lorenzo, LNG has obviously been a big part of the Baker story over the last couple of years, but we're seeing now a step change in your non-LNG orders in Gas Tech. Can you talk about some of the underlying drivers of this non-LNG growth? Do you expect it to continue and perhaps your thoughts on the setup of the IET order book as we think about the back half of the year and into 2025?
Lorenzo Simonelli: Yes, definitely, Arun. As you say, LNG has not gone away, and we anticipate it's going to be coming back and again, we've seen the pause in the U.S. But our orders continue to be strong across IET and in particular, as you look at the onshore/offshore production, as you look at gas infrastructure, and all of this plays into the ecosystem that's required around gas. And that's where we play strongly from a compression standpoint. We play strongly with the turbines that we provide. And so as you look at the first half, $6.4 billion booked, and we see that even the second half going to be strong again. And we're affirming, as you heard from Nancy, the range. And as I look at the year, we should be around $12 billion to $12.5 billion from orders perspective. As we go forward, we'll start to see LNG come back. So this isn't an aspect of the backlog or also the industry shifting and going away. We're going to continue to see robust orders as we continue also into 2025. And it's the breadth of the portfolio that we have and the capability of having the right equipment to be installed at the right time. So we feel very good about the way in which the differentiation of the technology comes through here.
Arun Jayaram: Great. And just a follow-up, Lorenzo, you and the team have booked a couple of large orders on the gas infrastructure side, in Algeria this quarter and in Saudi in 1Q. Thoughts on how this could progress, again, over the same time table over the balance of the year and into next year?
Lorenzo Simonelli: Yes, Arun, we've often said it's the age of gas, and this is the time for natural gas. It's a plentiful resource. We know it's merits again, from an emissions perspective being lower than coal. And we think that gas has a lot of growth potential going forward. And we're seeing that also from the developments of gas infrastructure around the world as energy demand continues to be there and also people are looking for lower carbon intensity and gas is the solution. So as we go forward, we're seeing that gas production being a positive for Baker Hughes. You mentioned and highlighted the Master gas system free that was booked earlier this year. Again, there are going to be other Master gas systems required. You mentioned also Algeria Hassi RMel. There's going to be other countries that need that same gas infrastructure. As I talk to customers, as I go around the world, there's a common theme around gas infrastructure being needed, and we're going to have that opportunity to leverage our portfolio into that marketplace.
Operator: Our next question is going to come from the line of Stephen Gengaro with Stifel.
Stephen Gengaro: You've given us a lot of good detail around 2024. And I was curious, as we look into next year, given the IET backlog at record levels and what appears to be international oilfield service strength continuing. Can you give us some thoughts on sort of the pluses and minuses we should be thinking about heading into '25?
Lorenzo Simonelli: Yes, I'd say, Stephen, it's a little early to provide full detail. And obviously, it's something that we continue to monitor. As we think about it at a macro level, more of the same. And as you think about Baker Hughes, continuing to grow positively and also focus on the margin trajectory that we've laid out. As you think about it from an OFSE perspective, again, we've got the focus on the 20% EBITDA margins. As you look at international, we continue to see robust international growth, again, positive growth at a slower pace, but positive, and I think North America, still early days, but we do anticipate a rebound in at least the second half of '25 and from the area that it is today. On the IET side, again, a focus on the margin improvement. We've laid that out and that continues to be the case. And order momentum continuing. You've got LNG that, again, from the U.S. perspective has been dampened in '24, just given the pause, we anticipate that, that will reverse, and we'll see those LNG opportunities come back. Also, the international opportunities continue to be there. And as I just mentioned to Arun as well, the gas infrastructure, onshore, offshore production, the FPSOs and New Energy. Let's not forget the growth that we continue to see in New Energy, and we highlighted being at the upper end of our guidance on the New Energy at the $800 million to $1 billion range, and we continue to see positive momentum as we go into '25. So feeling very good, again, early days. And we'll be able to give more as we get later into '24.
Stephen Gengaro: And just as a follow-up, you mentioned New Energy orders. Can you just give us a quick recap of the key technologies and areas that are driving the New Energy orders?
Lorenzo Simonelli: Definitely. And the great thing about our portfolio, Stephen, is we're able to go across many of these New Energy projects really from the sub-surface all the way to the actually reducing the CO2 and being able to store it and being able to move it. So if you think about our capability and you look at Wabash, for example, and I highlighted Wabash in the prepared remarks. You've got compression pumps, you've got valves, you've got instrumentation, condition monitoring. You've got, on the OFSE side, the sequestration, feasibility analysis, well construction, you're able to measure and verify. And we have a portfolio of capabilities, both across IET and OFSE that really allows us to play a differentiated role in these projects such as Wabash. And as you look at the New Energy orders that we booked so far this year, about 50% have been on the CO2 side. And we see CCUS continuing to be a key theme as we go forward. So feel good about New Energy and the continued momentum there, and we're uniquely positioned.
Operator: That was our last question. I will hand you back to Mr. Lorenzo Simonelli, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, to conclude the call.
Lorenzo Simonelli: Thank you to everyone for taking the time to join our earnings call today. We look forward to speaking to you all again soon.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in today's conference. This concludes the program. You may now disconnect. Everyone, have a great day.

===== 2024 Q1  (2024-04-24 09:30:00) =====
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Baker Hughes Company First Quarter 2024 Earnings Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded.
 I would now like to introduce your host for today's conference, Mr. Chase Mulvehill, Vice President of Investor Relations. Sir, you may begin. 
Chase Mulvehill: Thank you. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to Baker Hughes First Quarter Earnings Conference Call. Here with me are Chairman and CEO, Lorenzo Simonelli; and our CFO, Nancy Buese. The earnings release we issued yesterday evening can be found on our website at bakerhughes.com. We will also be using a presentation with our prepared remarks during this webcast, which can be found on our investor website.
 As a reminder, during the course of this conference call, we will be providing forward-looking statements. These statements are not guarantees of future performance and involve a number of risks and assumptions. Please review our SEC filings and website for the factors that could cause actual results to differ materially. Reconciliations of operating income and other GAAP to non-GAAP measures can be found in our earnings release.  
 With that, I'll turn the call over to Lorenzo. 
Lorenzo Simonelli: Thank you, Chase. Good morning, everyone, and thanks for joining us. We are pleased with our solid first quarter results as we continue to build on the momentum from last year and shape our company. The resilience of our order book and margin progress in both OFSE and IET put us on a path towards achieving our full year guidance and overcoming external volatility. Overall, EBITDA margins continued to demonstrate strong year-over-year growth, increasing by 100 basis points. The margin upside was attributed to IET, where both Gas Tech equipment and Industrial Tech demonstrated strong performance.
 As highlighted on Slide 4, we've had a positive start to the year on the orders front. This is particularly evident in IET where we booked over $2.9 billion of orders during the quarter, including large awards from Aramco for the Master Gas System 3 and Black & Veatch for Cedar LNG. LNG equipment orders totaled almost $200 million during the quarter. Excluding LNG equipment, our IET business booked more than $2.7 billion of orders, the second highest of any quarter since the 2017 merger. This was attributed to non-LNG Gas Tech equipment orders more than tripling from prior year levels. This really underscores the breadth and versatility of our IET portfolio.
 In OFSE, we received 2 significant contract awards from Petrobras, with the first for integrated well construction services in the Buzios field. Baker Hughes has been working closely with Petrobras on the field development for many years, leveraging our expertise across both OFSE and IET, demonstrating the power of our combined portfolio. We have previously received awards that include turbomachinery equipment on 10 FPSOs for the Buzios field and multiple OFSE service contracts.
 The second Petrobras contract awarded during the quarter was to supply electrical submersible pumps, variable speed drives and sand separation across 450 wells to help the customer in Brazil optimize efficiency, reliability and sustainability of its onshore operations in the Bahia-Terra cluster. We delivered strong first quarter operating results, highlighted by 50% year-over-year EPS growth. Importantly, we exceeded the midpoint of our EBITDA margin guidance driven by outstanding operational performance in IET. We booked $239 million of new energy orders and generated over $500 million of free cash flow.
 As mentioned, IET got off to a strong start to the year. Compared to the first quarter of 2023, IET EBITDA increased by 30%, the best quarterly year-over-year growth rate in 3 years and represents 80 basis points of EBITDA margin improvement year-on-year. This was driven by the conversion of higher-margin equipment backlog, continued margin expansion in our industrial tech businesses and further efficiency and cost optimization efforts by the team, partially offset by continued tightness in the gas tech services supply chain.
 In OFSE, we continue to make solid progress on the margin front, even with some lower offshore activity during the quarter. Segment EBITDA margins were in line with guidance and improved 80 basis points compared to last year, supported by year-over-year OFS incrementals of nearly 40%. On the activity front, we experienced some delays in rigs coming out of maintenance in both Mexico and the North Sea due to tight supply chains and busy shipyards. We expect these are only timing delays and see no impact to our overall outlook for OFSE this year.
 In line with our previous commitments, we continue to enhance returns to our shareholders. During the quarter, we increased our quarterly dividend by $0.01 to $0.21, which represents an 11% increase year-on-year; repurchased $158 million of shares and remain firmly on track to deliver 60% to 80% of free cash flow to shareholders.
 Turning to the macro on Slide 5. Since bottoming in December of last year, oil prices have rallied significantly, a resilient global economy, steeper-than-expected seasonal decline in U.S. oil production to start the year and the roll forward of OPEC+ production cuts have helped to keep global oil markets more balanced. OPEC+ timing on restarting idled oil production, the trajectory of global economic activity and the geopolitical risk will be key factors in determining the oil price path for the remainder of the year.
 We reiterate our 2024 North America and international drilling and completion spending outlooks as we see potential offsets to higher oil prices. In North America, our outlook remains for a year-over-year decline in the low to mid-single-digit range. We continue to anticipate declining activity in U.S. gas basins, partially offsetting modest improvement in oil activity during the second half of the year. Across international markets, we maintain our expectations for high single-digit growth. This contemplates extended OPEC+ cuts through the end of the year as well as any potential timing differences between the transitioning of rigs from oil to gas in Saudi Arabia.
 Looking out beyond 2024, we expect continued upstream spending growth despite the recent MSC target reduction in Saudi Arabia, although at a more moderate pace than we have experienced in recent years. We expect growth to be led by offshore markets in Latin America and West Africa as well as the Middle East.
 As we move into the next phase of the upstream spending cycle, we anticipate increasing focus on optimizing production from existing assets. At our annual meeting in January, we launched mature asset solutions, an emerging business that maximizes the health and value of our customers' mature fields. It leverages our decades of experience, deep domain knowledge and industry-leading technologies, including Leucipa, and [ coveted ] franchises in both upstream chemicals and artificial lift. We continue to experience strong customer demand for Leucipa as this differentiated digital solution is driving next level efficiencies for our customers through automation, digital optimization and workflow orchestration.
 Turning to global natural gas and LNG on Slide 6. The long-term demand outlook for both remains very encouraging. Through 2040, we expect natural gas demand to grow by almost 20%, representing a 1% CAGR driven growth in underlying energy demand and the desire to drive towards a net-zero energy ecosystem.  
 Looking at non-OECD Asia, coal still accounts for about 60% of power generation, which is 3x to 4x the level utilized in the United States and Europe. As this region increasingly focuses on reducing and abating emissions, we expect coal to-gas substitution to be more pervasive helping to drive a mid-single digit CAGR for both India and China natural gas demand through 2040, while the rest of Asia will grow at solid low single-digit rate.
 Strong underlying natural gas demand was the robust growth in LNG over the coming decades. Through the end of this decade, we expect demand to increase by mid-single digits annually. We believe this will support and installed nameplate capacity of 800 MTPA by 2030. Looking out to 2040, we expect LNG demand growth to continue, requiring further capacity additions beyond 800 MTPA. While there could be periods of price volatility driven by temporary dislocations in supply and demand over this time period, we see these as opportunities for accelerated demand creation. LNG consumers who tend to be very price sensitive typically respond to lower prices with stronger demand. We have seen evidence of this recently. Global LNG demand is up 4% year-to-date against the backdrop of an approximate 50% decline in LNG prices over the same period.
 As shown on Slide 7, we expect global LNG FIDs of about 100 MTPA over the next 3 years. This view, supported by customer dialogue and our internal LNG demand expectations would result in our installed capacity increasing by 70%. This growing installed base brings significant opportunities for Baker Hughes across the life cycle of the equipment. Like our industrial peers, our Gas Tech businesses typically generates more profitability on the less cyclical aftermarket services. For LNG equipment specifically, this accounted for less than 10% of our total company EBITDA last year.
 On the new energy front, we continue to see good momentum with a number of positive developments across our 5 focus areas of CCUS, hydrogen, geothermal, Clean Power and emissions abatement. As mentioned, we booked $239 million of new energy orders during the first quarter including a Climate Technology Solutions award from Snam for compression trains driven by hydrogen-ready NovaLT 12 turbines. This equipment will support a new gas compressor station in Italy that will eventually transport additional hydrocarbons from Azerbaijan, Africa and the Eastern Mediterranean region to Northern Europe.
 CTS also secured an order to supply ICL Zero emissions integrated compressor technology to be deployed by Total Energy for a process plant in the rock and water region of Argentina. We continue to expand our relationship with the key Middle Eastern industrial company, securing a CTS order for the refurbishment of steam turbines and centrifugal compressor trains. This upgrade drives process efficiency improvement and 5% estimated CO2 emissions reduction as part of the customer's energy transition road map.
 As we look out at the rest of the year, we remain confident in achieving new energy orders between $800 million and $1 billion, which would amount to a tripling of new energy orders since 2021. Longer term, we continue to be encouraged by increasing opportunities to support growing energy demand and decarbonization efforts giving us confidence in achieving our $6 billion to $7 billion new energy orders target in 2030.  
 Turning to Slide 8. I wanted to take a moment to reflect on some of the emerging themes within the energy sector. It has been a busy quarter with several industry events, including our own annual meeting in Florence where we hosted over 2,000 customers, partners and industry leaders in January. Firstly, it is becoming clearer just how complex the undertaking is the transition of the world's energy ecosystem. This complexity is driving a slower-than-expected expansion of renewable energy capacity and leading to record levels of coal demand. Consequently, we are seeing more pragmatism towards a pathway for team carbonization.  
 We're growing urgency to affect this trend. There is mounting consensus that there is no possible route to decarbonize the energy system without driving greater efficiency and significantly increasing gases weighting within the overall energy mix. Energy providers face the multifaceted challenge of providing secure, sustainable and affordable energy against the backdrop of increasing energy demand. Gas is abundant. Lower emission, low cost and the speed to scale is unrivaled. This is the age of gas. Whether it be the super majors, the NOCs or the independent companies, all of our customers are messaging that they plan to increase their exposure to gas in the coming years. Baker Hughes is extremely well positioned to facilitate this through our upstream capabilities in OFSE and expertise in LNG and gas infrastructure in IET.
 An excellent example of this is the reallocation of capital in Saudi Arabia, primarily towards gas, following the recent announcement to not pursue an increase to its maximum sustainable capacity. The country's shifting focus towards natural gas where production is now expected to increase by more than 60% through 2030 will require significant investment in gas infrastructure. This represents a sizable opportunity for our IET business as highlighted by our MGS3 award.
 Considering this transition towards gas as well as increasing investments in new energy and chemicals, we see this announcement as a long-term net positive for Baker Hughes given our exposure to all 3 markets. In addition, we are seeing a number of gas infrastructure projects emerge around the world. These midstream opportunities, along with solid first quarter bookings give us confidence that non-LNG Gas Tech equipment orders will be up more than 50% this year. Adding further impetus to this growth theme is an increasing demand for artificial intelligence, which is expected to be a key enabler in driving significant productivity and efficiency improvement across the entire energy value chain and could enhance decarbonization efforts.
 At Baker Hughes, we have been utilizing AI within our digital solutions for a number of years. We continue to make great progress with our Leucipa production optimization solution in OFSE and drive greater efficiencies and reliability with our Accordant solutions platform in IET, which both leverage AI. The efficiency and productivity benefits of AI will be balanced by the increased need for energy-intensive data centers. AI will likely drive substantial electrical load growth. Therefore, increasing both the challenge and opportunity to provide clean, reliable and firm power solutions.
 Given the requirement for continuous power supply, the demand for distributed power systems will be substantial with gas to likely dominant fuel source. Baker Hughes is again well positioned to participate in this market through our clean power solutions, particularly our NovaLT fleet of turbines, which can run on natural gas and hydrogen. As the market scales, the size of data centers and power needs will also likely grow, which would benefit our larger scale solutions that include steam turbines for SMR solutions and Net Power. 
 With the growing realization that we need an all-of-the-above approach to the energy transition, the focus is shifting towards the emissions rather than the fuel source. I have spoken about this important shift for several years now, and we are pleased to see it taking hold in our customers' operations and policy initiatives. The market's increasing alignment towards the view is spanning stronger momentum, in particular, for CCUS. This is very encouraging to see and provides tailwinds for our technology solutions that play across the entire CCUS value chain.
 Specifically, on the capture side, we continue to make progress across our portfolio, where we are developing a suite of solutions that have applications across various scales and purities of CO2, complementing our capture portfolio at the decades of experience we have in CO2 compression and storage. For CO2 compression, we have experienced a strong increase in demand, both for offshore and onshore applications, while we are also involved in several CO2 storage projects.
 In summary, all of these themes play to the strengths of Baker Hughes and continue to heighten our conviction and our strategy. With our expansive portfolio, capabilities and solutions offerings, we are uniquely positioned to deliver value for our diverse set of energy and industrial customers. This is what differentiates Baker Hughes and enables us to deliver durable earnings and free cash flow across our free time horizons.
 With that, I'll turn the call over to Nancy. 
Nancy Buese: Thanks, Lorenzo. I'll begin on Slide 10 with an overview of our consolidated results and then speak to segment details before outlining our second quarter outlook. We are very pleased with our first quarter results above the midpoint of our EBITDA guidance. Orders remain solid as the diversity of IET's end markets continue to support a strong level of orders. We continue to make progress on driving operational improvements across the business to enhance margins and returns, highlighted by the consistent improvement in EBITDA margins and ROIC. We remain confident in our full year guidance that points to another strong year for Baker Hughes. 
 Adjusted EBITDA of $943 million increased 21% year-over-year and came in above the midpoint of our guidance range which was due to stronger performance in IET. First quarter GAAP operating income was $653 million. Adjusted operating income was $660 million. GAAP diluted earnings per share were $0.45. Excluding adjusting items, earnings per share were $0.43, an increase of 50% compared to the same quarter last year. 
 Our adjusted tax rate continues to trend downwards, declining to 29.7% in the quarter as we continue to execute as planned. As a reminder, we guided to a midpoint of 29.5% in 2024, down from our average 2023 tax rate of approximately 33%.
 Corporate costs for the quarter were $88 million, $2 million lower than our guidance. Total company orders of $6.5 billion maintained strong momentum, highlighted by continued strength in IET orders of $2.9 billion. Alongside a strong order book, IET RPO ended the quarter at $29.3 billion, up 10% year-over-year, while OFSC RPO remained at a healthy $3.4 billion, up 8% year-over-year. These RPO levels provide exceptional revenue and earnings visibility over the coming years. Free cash flow was robust, coming in at $502 million. For the full year, we continue to target free cash flow conversion of 45% to 50% and expect free cash flow to be more weighted towards the back half of this year. 
 Turning to Slide 11. Our balance sheet remains strong, as we ended the first quarter with cash of $2.7 billion, net debt to trailing 12-month adjusted EBITDA ratio of 0.8x and liquidity of $5.7 billion. 
 Let's turn to capital allocation on Slide 12. In the first quarter, we returned $368 million to shareholders. This included $210 million of dividends where we have increased the quarterly dividend 3x over the past 6 quarters. In addition, we repurchased $158 million of shares. We remain committed to returning 60% to 80% of free cash flow to shareholders. Since the company was formed in 2017, we've now returned over $10 billion to shareholders through dividends and buybacks. Our primary focus is to continue growing our dividend with increases aligned with the structural growth in the company's earning power. We will continue to use buybacks to reach our 60% to 80% target and we'll remain opportunistic on buybacks within this range. 
 Now I'll walk you through our business segment results in more detail and provide our second quarter outlook. Starting with oilfield services and equipment on Slide 13. The segment maintained its strong margin trajectory meeting our margin expectations despite heavier seasonality across our international markets. This is a testament to the work the OFSE team has done to drive cost efficiencies across the business. 
 Strength and flexibles helped to drive SSPS orders of $633 million, in line with fourth quarter levels. We expect the offshore market to remain strong and SSPS orders should remain at solid levels in 2024 and beyond. OFSE revenue in the quarter was $3.8 billion, up 6% year-over-year. International revenue was down 5% sequentially, while North America fell 3%. Delays in rig reactivations in Mexico and the North Sea impacted international activity, adding to the traditional seasonal declines typically experienced during the first quarter. In North America, offshore declined while North America land held flat.
 OFSE EBITDA in the quarter was $644 million, up 11% year-over-year. This came in slightly below our guidance midpoint due to the previously mentioned seasonal declines and slower-than-anticipated activation of offshore rigs, factors that were considered in our guidance range. OFSE EBITDA margin rate was 17%, increasing 80 basis points year-over-year, driven by continued improvements in cost efficiencies, productivity enhancements and improved execution, particularly in SSPS.
 Now turning to Industrial and Energy Technology on Slide 14. This segment performed above the midpoint of our EBITDA guidance during the quarter due to improving revenues and margins. IET orders were solid $2.9 billion with non-LNG Gas Tech equipment orders more than tripling compared to last year, highlighting the diversity of our customer base and end market exposure. CTS orders were $193 million in the first quarter, highlighted by strong orders for our NovaLT 12 turbines that can run on 100% hydrogen. 
 IET RPO ended the quarter at $29.3 billion, up 10% year-on-year. Gas Tech equipment RPO was $11.5 billion. Gas Tech services RPO was $14.6 billion. Gas Tech equipment book-to-bill was onetime, the 11th consecutive quarter of 1 or greater. 
 Turning to Slide 15. IET revenue for the quarter was $2.6 billion, up 23% versus the prior year, led by a 46% increase in Gas Tech equipment revenues as we continue to execute our robust backlog. IET EBITDA was $386 million, up 30% year-over-year and exceeding the high end of our guidance range of $380 million from better Gas Tech equipment backlog conversion and strong performance in Industrial Tech. Both drivers were previously identified as factors that would push us to the higher end of our guidance range.
 EBITDA margin was 14.7%, up 80 basis points year-over-year against the backdrop of robust growth in Gas Tech equipment. Solid margin improvement in both Industrial Tech and Gas Tech equipment were partially offset by higher R&D spend related to our new energy investments and continued supply chain tightness in Gas Tech services.
 Before walking through our updated outlook, which is shown on Slide 16, I would like to spend some time on the progress each business is making on achieving their 20% EBITDA margin targets. We're off to a strong start to the year in OFSE and IET. EBITDA margins increased 80 basis points for both segments when compared to the same quarter last year. Looking forward, we see good progression throughout the year and remain confident in our ability to achieve these targets in 2025 for OFSE and 2026 for IET. These are important targets that set a benchmark and demonstrate our operational progress since announcing the consolidation into our 2 segments from 4 segments previously. 
 These actions helped to streamline the organization and have created a simpler, leaner and lower cost structure that allows for faster decision-making and has driven more than $115 million of cost out across the company. In reality, we've been working on this since we brought the businesses together in 2017. To accelerate our transition to an energy technology company, we have long held the three-pronged approach of transforming the core, investing for growth and positioning for new energy frontiers. 
 To date, the success of transforming the core a key initiative to drive higher profitability and returns across the company has been most visible in OFSE. For this segment, margins are expected to approach 18% this year, up more than 400 basis points from pre-COVID levels. The OFSE team has done a tremendous job transforming the way the business operates with a focus on rightsizing operations, removing duplication and improving service to liberty to drive sustainable, structural improvement in OFSE margins.
 Turning to IET's margin journey. This segment's margin progress has been more measured in part due to the tremendous growth in our Gas Tech equipment business, where we have consistently exceeded our order expectations. We are very excited by the robust growth in our equipment installed base that will drive decades of margin-accretive service growth in Gas Tech. 
 The IET team is committed to executing its margin expansion strategy, as the nucleus of this strategy is instilling a more rigorous process-driven culture across the organization. These changes are helping to drive enhanced operational discipline and dedication to continuous improvement. In addition, there is a cultural shift to focus more on value over volume. With these foundational elements in place alongside the opportunities for better R&D absorption, supply chain optimization and execution of higher-margin backlog, we remain confident in achieving 20% margins for the segment. 
 Next, I'd like to update you on our outlook for the 2 business segments. Overall, the outlook remains strong for our businesses, which will be complemented by continued operational enhancements, sustained improvement in backlog execution and margin upside. We continue to focus on operational excellence and service delivery across our 2 segments. For Baker Hughes, we expect second quarter revenue to be between $6.6 billion and $7.05 billion and EBITDA between $1 billion and $1.1 billion, resulting in EBITDA margin rate increasing quarter-over-quarter by approximately 70 basis points at the midpoint.
 For OFSE, we expect second quarter results to reflect typical seasonal growth in international and flattish activity in North America. We expect second quarter OFSE revenue between $3.8 billion and $4.0 billion and EBITDA between $660 million and $710 million. Factors impacting this range include the phasing of 2024 E&P budgets, SSPS backlog conversion, realization of further cost-out initiatives and the pace of recovery and activity that was deferred in the first quarter.
 For IET, we expect second quarter results to benefit from strong year-over-year revenue growth as we continue to execute on our new record backlog for Gas Tech equipment and convert our healthy backlog in Industrial technology. We also expect to see continued progress on our margins as we drive productivity enhancements and process improvements across the business.
 Overall, we expect second quarter IET revenue between $2.8 billion and $3.05 billion and EBITDA between $425 million and $475 million. The major factors driving this range will be the pace of backlog conversion in Gas Tech equipment, the impact of any aeroderivative supply chain tightness in Gas Tech and operational execution in Industrial Tech. 
 Turning to our full year outlook. We maintain our 2024 guidance issued in January of this year. For the full year 2024, we continue to expect Baker Hughes revenue to be between $26.5 million and $28.5 billion and EBITDA between $4.1 billion and $4.5 billion. At the midpoint, our outlook results in EBITDA growing a strong 14% from the prior year. In addition, we still expect total company new energy orders of $800 million to $1 billion, which at the high end would amount to a tripling of new energy orders since 2021.
 For OFSE, we maintain our full year forecast of revenue between $15.75 billion and $16.75 billion, and EBITDA between $2.8 billion and $3.0 billion as we expect continued strength across international markets to be modestly offset by softness in North America land. We expect IET orders to remain at robust levels this year and maintain a range between $11.5 million to $13.5 billion, driven by strong momentum across all aspects of the IET portfolio. As mentioned, we've already experienced a noticeable increase in non-LNG Gas Tech equipment orders in the first quarter.
 As a result of continued momentum and exceptional orders performance over the last 2 years, we maintain our full year IET guidance for revenue between $10.75 billion and $11.75 billion and EBITDA between $1.65 billion and $1.85 billion.
 In summary, we remain confident in our ability to generate double-digit EBITDA growth for the fourth consecutive year as we remain focused on execution, driving further operational improvements, and capitalizing on market tailwinds with our differentiated portfolio of products and services. Overall, we are very pleased with the progress demonstrated by our first quarter results and remain excited about the future of Baker Hughes. 
 I'll turn the call back to Lorenzo. 
Lorenzo Simonelli: Thank you, Nancy. Turning to Slide 18. 2024 is off to a strong start for Baker Hughes, highlighted by our strong margin performance in both OFSE and IET. Our continued focus on commercial enhancements and cost efficiencies are driving structural improvement in both segments underlying margins. With these transformational efforts gaining momentum, we remain on track to achieve our 20% margin targets for both segments. 
 Margin improvement and EBITDA growth are important parts of the Baker Hughes story. As important, we have significantly improved our returns on invested capital, which has increased by more than 3x compared to 2019 levels. Our focus on disciplined growth and margin enhancement facilitated by transforming the way we work is helping to drive meaningful improvements in returns across the company.
 With margins, EBITDA and returns forecast to increase further over the coming years, we expect to see stronger free cash flow conversion of at least 50% through the cycle, and as a result, higher free cash flow. When combined with our balanced portfolio, untapped market opportunities and overhauled cost structure, Baker Hughes is becoming less cyclical in nature and capable of generating more durable earnings and free cash flow across cycles.
 All of these metrics provide a healthy backdrop as we remain committed to returning 60% to 80% of free cash flow to shareholders. This will add to the impressive $10 billion plus that we have already returned to shareholders since forming the new company in 2017. To put this in context, this amounts to almost 1/3 of our current market cap. We have a history of returning cash to shareholders and expect to continue that trend well into the future.
 With that, I'll turn the call back over to Chase. 
Chase Mulvehill: Thanks, Lorenzo. Operator, let's open the call for questions. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Scott Gruber from Citigroup. 
Scott Gruber: So your IET margins were quite strong despite a headwind from more equipment revenues, which is great to see. And Lorenzo, you walked through the multiple drivers. Looking at 2Q, IET guidance is above our forecast, but you did list the full year. So can you walk through how you think about those margin drivers continuing? How do you think about the impact on the second half for IET? Are there reasons to believe the normal seasonality may be a bit more muted for both revenues and margins in the second half? Or is the high end of the range for full year revenues and EBITDA will be more likely now for IET? 
Lorenzo Simonelli: Yes, Scott, first of all, very strong quarter for the company. And as you said, led by also IET, but overall, very pleased by both segments. And IET, a very strong, solid quarter. And as we've said, we've been committed to our journey on IET towards the 20% EBITDA, and you're starting to see some of those levers coming through as you look at first quarter and as you look at the rest of the year, again, you've got strong backlog conversion in Gas Tech equipment. 
 As you can see in the first quarter, revenue up nearly 50% and year-over-year, and that helped the Gas Tech equipment. From a margins perspective, EBITDA was up nearly 200 basis points. And you're seeing the better backlog margin coming through as well as productivity in the factories. Of a bright spot was in IET from an Industrial Solutions perspective as you look at the revenue side, but also when you look at the projects and the services revenue, which was up 20% year-over-year and margins also improving in the Bentley Nevada with some of the supply chain constraints that we've discussed before that have been alleviated now.
 And also Gas Tech services revenue increasing as we went through the first quarter, we continue to see that for the rest of the year, even though we're still constrained by some of the supply chain headwinds. So as you look at IET for the rest of the year, we continue on the basis that we've said and the journey that we've laid out with continued margin expansion and improvement towards that 20% as we go forward as we continue the journey. 
Scott Gruber: Got it. And then turning to the production side of OFSE. We recently saw one of your big competitors moved to enhance their position. How do you see the market evolving for the production vertical where you have a strong position? Does the growth rate for production start to rival the growth rate for drilling and completion spend in '25 and beyond? And how do you think about the competitive dynamics in the market? Your team was quite excited by your production optimization solutions at your annual meeting? 
Lorenzo Simonelli: Yes, Scott, it's a very good point. And for us, what's happening from the external perspective and the dynamics doesn't change the strategy, and we've been firmly focused on a strategy around production solutions for some time. As you know, from the comments that I made at the annual meeting, 70% of the world's production comes from mature assets. And a mature asset being a well that's produced 50% of its reserves or has been in production for over 25 years. And when we look at the future, there's a tremendous focus on improving that optimization. 
 And we've got some great capabilities with the largest global installed base of ESPs 44,000 pumps. And we're moving about 80 million barrels fluid daily. And again, as you look at continued chemicals that are being applied and 1% improvement just in mature asset production can give 2 to 3 years of global consumption. So as we go forward, no change, and we continue to see this as a space where between our RTS, our ESPs and chemical solutions and also the digital automation and AI that we can deliver through Leucipa, being a great opportunity for our customers and an increasing area of focus for our company. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Arun Jayaram from JPMorgan Securities LLC. 
Arun Jayaram: Lorenzo, I want to start with the Saudi MSC reduction. I wanted to get your perspective on the potential impacts to Baker from the changing mix of activity with the higher mix of onshore versus offshore. And perhaps you could just comment on the gas side of the equation with higher infrastructure spend chemicals and new energy spend, what that means for Baker as we think about rest of this year and into next year? 
Lorenzo Simonelli: Yes, Arun. We remain confident in the international market outlook. We expect E&P spending to be up high single digits this year. And as we look at, in particular, the MSC reduction, as we said in the last call, we don't anticipate any real changes. And in fact, when we look at Saudi, we see it as opportunities outside of just the upstream area given our presence. As you know, natural gas production is set to grow by 60% through 2030, and it's going to benefit our IET business. You saw the announcement that was made in 1Q relative to the Master Gas System 3, the pipeline project. There's going to be more opportunities down the road.
 Also, this shift of CapEx is also across new energy and chemicals. We recently opened our new chemicals facility in the Kingdom. We're also, as you know, from a new energy perspective, participating in hydrogen on NEOM. So overall, this CapEx shift for us is a long-term net positive for Baker Hughes and doesn't change the outlook that we laid out at the beginning of the year. 
Arun Jayaram: Great. That's helpful. Maybe a follow-up, maybe for Nancy. Nancy, I want to get your take on some of the puts and takes around the 2Q guide. It looks to be about 3% above our model and it looks like just slightly better margins. And so just wondering if you could talk about some of the puts and takes and just the fact that you kept the back half, maybe a follow-up to Scott's question, the full year is the same. And are you getting a little bit more confidence on the full year outlook given what's transpiring in the first half of the year? 
Nancy Buese: Yes, happy to take that one. So on Q2, I'd really say the strength in our guide for that quarter highlights our differentiated portfolio. And we've really been talking about how that's helping us to frame up more durable earnings and strong free cash flow generation and growth. Our midpoint for EBITDA guidance in Q2 really represents about 16% year-over-year growth, and that's about 20% EBITDA growth in the IET business. So there are a lot of good drivers there. We've talked about the really robust backlog levels that are driving the Gas Tech equipment acceleration and much higher margins in the backlog as we convert as we've been signaling. And then we're also seeing broadening strength across Industrial Tech. 
 I would also say the cost focus and the process-driven mindset deepen in the business is starting to signs of really solid momentum. And the midpoint of that guidance is indicating that margin expansion, and that's even as Gas Tech equipment growth continues to impact us. And again, we've talked very much about how the growth in equipment is great for us in the longer term, and we love that installed base. 
 I would say that's also offset a bit by a slower-than-expected start to the year in OFSE, and some of that's related to timing and offshore rig delays. So on balance, we'd say Q2 is showing modestly better seasonal recovery on the OFSE side as some of those rigs come out of maintenance and also some of the delayed product shipments came out of Q1 into Q2. But net-net, I would say for the year, we would retain our guidance as is. There's still a lot of unknowns, and it's still early in the year. We're very confident in our full year guidance. And we'll keep an eye on it. If there's more to tell, we'll be back to you next quarter with more information, but we feel very good about execution, and we're on the right track for Q2 and balance of the year. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Dave Anderson from Barclays. 
John Anderson: I was wondering if you could talk a little bit about the non-LNG side of the IET Gas Tech equipment order side. I think you made a couple of comments on there, you talked about is these have tripled this quarter and you expect to be up 50% this year. Could you kind of dig into that a little bit about where that's being driven from? I know we had an offshore side, which tends to be a little lumpier. I know you had the MGS3 award in there, but could you just sort of talk about the mix of that non-LNG business, please? 
Lorenzo Simonelli: Definitely, Dave, and thanks for the question. Obviously, we've spoken a lot about LNG, and we will, I'm sure, in the future. And I think at times, we don't get a lot of time to talk about the non-LNG sector, and it's a very important part of our portfolio, and it's very expensive as well in the equipment and solutions that play across a number of end markets, including the upstream, midstream, refining, petrochemical, as you look at the pipelines and various industrial and other end markets. And it's really the versatility of our equipment that not only goes into LNG but goes into these other end markets. And 1Q was evident of that. And as you said, tripled in 1Q versus prior year.
 Onshore/offshore production has remained consistently strong as part of the mix. As you see, both on the compression side, you see on the power generation side. You highlighted the Master Gas System. And as you continue to see the shift towards gas, that gas infrastructure plays towards a lot more compression, plays towards also the pipelines that place towards a lot of the onshore power generation that's going to be necessary. 
 Also, as you look at on the Industrial side, when you think about the need for distributed power generation, that plays to the Industrial gas turbines that we have, the NovaLT. So across it, we see an expanding base of non-LNG equipment. And again, it's part of the expansive portfolio that we have, including the pumps, the valves and the other areas that go into the other sectors when you think of refineries and also petrochemicals that are also increasing infrastructure builds that are happening around the world as we continue through an energy demand that is increasing. 
John Anderson: And Lorenzo, sort of expanding upon that, I'd like to dig into maybe a little bit of what's going on in Saudi here. You touched on here a bit. Obviously, we saw the award we saw this quarter. But I'd be curious if you could talk about how you're differentiated versus your competitors on both the IET side and the OFSE side. On the IET side, you're talking about displacing oil-driven power in the Industrial side of the natural gas. And so that seems like an enormous opportunity in Saudi, but it seems like it's a very unique opportunity for really just Baker. And then if I flip over to the OFSE side, one thing you've really done differently than others is manufacturing in country, could you talk to that a little bit about how that's a key initiative in the Kingdom and how that gives you an advantage? 
Lorenzo Simonelli: Yes, Dave, thanks. And I know that you and the team also had the chance to tour the region and also visit the Kingdom. And that's true. We focused a lot on localization. And as I mentioned, we've just recently opened our chemicals facility on new Petrolite. We've also got wellheads that are manufactured. We've also got compressors. And as we look at drill bits and across the Kingdom, we focused on localization to support not just the Kingdom, but also support the region and outside of the region through capability close to our customers. And that's been a strategy of focus.
 And the diversification of Baker Hughes is across the 2 major segments. We play obviously within the oilfield services on the equipment side, but then the gas infrastructure side, the hydrogen when we think of NEOM and the facilities associated with hydrogen, the infrastructure that's going to be required when we think of distributed power generation. And as you think of also the opportunity for productivity and also with digital capabilities and solutions.
 So across the board, I think what makes us unique is, again, the ability to play at the full value chain of the energy ecosystem within the Kingdom through local capabilities. And that's a strategy that we've also put into place in other Middle Eastern countries as well with facilities in the UAE and Qatar. And likewise, it's a region that's very important to us. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of James West from Evercore ISI. 
James West: Lorenzo, I wanted to touch back on carbon capture because it sounded like there was a bit of a shift in your tone there with respect to projects starting to move forward and to scale. So I want to know, one, is that accurate? Two, have you seen any change or have you put any change in your CCUS strategy? And how about an update on your kind of commercialization of some of the newer technologies in carbon capture? 
Lorenzo Simonelli: Yes, definitely, James. And as we look at what's happening, and we've been discussing for some time, the continued increasing demand for energy and the realization that we need in all of the above approach to the energy transition, it means there's a shifting focus towards emissions rather than the fuel source. And that puts the forefront CCUS. And as you know, we've been playing and participating in CCUS for many decades. But we've also been investing in CCUS capabilities. And so as we go forward, we think CCUS is going to be a first mover. 
 And as you look at our order intake also on the new energy front, you can see from last year also that a large portion of our orders was associated with carbon capture, utilization and storage. And we've got a wide array of capabilities that we've been developing. We've got the chilled ammonia process, which is for large-scale applications like power generation. We've got the mixed salt process and compact carbon capture, which is rotating bed solution, which is suitable for a smaller footprint of industrial applications. 
 And then we're also testing and piloting Mosaic materials for direct air capture technology and complementing all of this is the compression capability that we have and also storage and the knowledge of the reservoir and how to store and maintain the CO2 and compress it. So this is a theme that we see in projects that are going forward. And we think that's increasing as the year progresses and also going into the next few years. As people appreciate that it is an all of the above and we're going to need to focus more on emissions as opposed to fuel source. 
James West: Great. And then maybe a follow-up on the all of the above comment. Lorenzo, wouldn't you have relationships with all the major tech companies, and they're trying to scale data centers and that's being supercharged by AI. It seems to me that renewable deployment is not going to be able to keep up with that. So we're going to have to go towards some type of fossil fuels, and it sounds like gas is the one they're targeting. But all of these data center providers beginning to at least acknowledge that reality that for some period of time, we're going to have to build out potentially is more gas infrastructure to support this because the power generation needs are running well ahead of renewable or cleaner fuel sources? 
Lorenzo Simonelli: Yes, I'd agree with you that there's a growing realization that there's a growing demand for energy, and that's being driven by some of the data centers. And look, AI provides huge benefits both internally and also from an external perspective to us internally to drive optimization for our customers, but also externally to drive growth for our equipment and the services that we provide. And that's why we like the ready gas turbines that go on natural gas today, but then can switch to hydrogen, that's also why we like the solutions that we're offering with regards to other clean power solutions. And as we talk to our customers, that's what they're looking for. 
 And if you look at the data center developers, they're all coming to a realization that there is going to be a growing need for off-grid solutions as well as distributed power generation with a view to continuing the aspect of reducing emissions. So there's also opportunities for geothermal and others where we play. And we look at it as being a growing element of our equipment portfolio and a nice segment that, again diversifies us versus others because of the portfolio that we have. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Luke Lemoine from Piper Sandler. 
Luke Lemoine: The IET orders you had in 1Q put you on a nice pathway to hit the midpoint of the annual guide with GTE being the largest component. I'm sure most of the durability resides here. And you talked about some of the LNG awards outlook within GTE. But can you just talk about some of the puts and takes within the annual order guidance for IET? 
Lorenzo Simonelli: Yes, I'll kick it off here, Luke. And we remain very confident in the orders range that we provided for 2024. If you look, we started the year very positive from the orders front, booking over $2.9 billion of orders, including large awards, again from Aramco, but also from Black & Veatch for Cedar LNG. And LNG equipment will still be a portion of the orders outlook as we go through the year. And again, it was significant last year. But it's also outside of LNG. It's onshore/offshore production. It's the gas infrastructure and also coupled with the new energy. 
 And as you look at the guidance that we've given of new energy orders between $800 million to $1 billion and stable growth in services and Industrial Tech. So very confident in the $11.5 billion to $13.5 billion orders range and a strong pipeline of activity. And when you look at what's being heard from our customers and also what's being seen, I think growing confidence on the elements of gas infrastructure and the opportunities that we have in the multiple sectors that we play in. 
Luke Lemoine: Okay. And then Nancy, on getting to the 20% margins next year, there were some finer points, but the broad buckets had kind of been on productivity cost, price volume. Could you just refresh us on the drivers here and maybe the confidence around the individual pieces? 
Nancy Buese: Absolutely. We absolutely remain confident in hitting those 20% EBITDA margins, and you're starting to see some traction with a lot of the activities that have been done in the segment and continuing actions. And we do still see strength in international markets this year. We're also maintaining our outlook for high single-digit E&P CapEx. So those are good drivers as well. I would also just note that hitting that margin target does not require an acceleration of growth compared to where we already are. So that's all baked into it.
 Alongside that, we do have a cost-out program that we've announced with Q4 earnings, and that's really helping to reset the cost structure within the segment, reducing further duplication and becoming more efficient. I would say the team is also focused on continuing to drive more cost efficiencies around the business, and we'll see more of that come to play as 2024 unfolds.
 The other piece of it is on the SSPS side, we have higher margin activity in that backlog, and you'll see that drive up margins in '24 and '25. So overall, I would say that 20% margin target remains in place. We feel very confident on it and it doesn't require anything from market tailwinds to achieve. So that's within our control, and we continue to focus on that target. 
Lorenzo Simonelli: Thanks, everyone, for joining the call today, and look forward to speaking to everybody soon. And I think, operator, you can close the call. 
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in today's conference. This concludes the program. You may all disconnect. Everyone, have a great day.

===== 2023 Q4  (2024-01-24 09:30:00) =====
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen and welcome to the Baker Hughes Company Fourth Quarter 2023 Earnings Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded. I would now like to introduce your host for todays conference, Mr. Chase Mulvehill, Vice President of Investor Relations. Sir, you may begin.
Chase Mulvehill: Thank you. Good morning, everyone and welcome to Baker Hughes fourth quarter and full year 2023 earnings conference call. Here with me are our Chairman and CEO, Lorenzo Simonelli; and our CFO, Nancy Buese. The earnings release we issued yesterday evening can be found on our website at bakerhughes.com. We will also be using a presentation with our prepared remarks during this webcast, which can also be found on our investor website. As a reminder, during the course of this conference call, we will provide forward-looking statements. These statements are not guarantees of future performance and involve a number of risks and assumptions. Please review our SEC filings and website for factors that could cause actual results to differ materially. Reconciliations of operating income and other GAAP to non-GAAP measures can be found in our earnings release. With that, Ill turn the call over to Lorenzo.
Lorenzo Simonelli: Thank you, Chase. Good morning, everyone and thanks for joining us. 2023 proved to be a pivotal year for Baker Hughes as we continue our journey to reshape the company. We successfully removed $150 million of costs, realigned our IET business and recently launched actions to further streamline our OFSE business. Our strategy to transform the way we operate is working. Turning to Slide 4. In 2023, we set records for all primary financial metrics, including orders, revenue, EBITDA, EPS, free cash flow and most importantly, returns. Adjusted EBITDA was up 26% year-over-year, a third consecutive year of double-digit increases and exceeding prior cycle peak levels by 25%. Adjusted diluted earnings per share was $1.60, 76% above 2022 levels. Free cash flow increased 83% year-over-year to just over $2 billion. Total company orders increased 14% year-over-year as IET orders of $14.2 billion grew 12% when compared to last years record orders and marked the third consecutive year of double-digit growth. New Energy orders totaled $750 million, up 45% year-over-year. SSPS orders increased by 27% to $3.9 billion, the largest order year since 2014. These record results highlight strong market tailwinds across both segments and the significant operational improvements the company has accomplished since 2022. Clearly, we are pleased with the progress demonstrated in 2023 and excited about where the company is headed in 2024 and beyond. Turning to Slide 5. Fourth quarter adjusted EBITDA of $1.09 billion came in above the midpoint of our guidance range due to the continued operational improvement and full realization of the $150 million of cost out. Free cash flow of $633 million exceeded expectations and resulted in full year free cash flow conversion of 54%. IET orders remained strong, exceeding $3 billion for the fifth consecutive quarter. In addition, we were awarded more than $1 billion of CSA commitments. In OFSE, we continue to demonstrate solid margin improvement during the quarter, with segment EBITDA margin increasing to 17.9% as OFS EBITDA margins now exceed 20%, both record margins. Turning to the macro on Slide 6. Oil prices have weakened considerably since peaking in late September. Ultimately, weaker-than-anticipated oil demand coupled with robust production growth led to an unexpected inventory build into year end. However, prices still remain at levels that are favorable for growth across our core OFSE markets. For 2024, demand growth remains the biggest unknown in the face of global economic uncertainty and heightened geopolitical risk. On the supply side, the biggest risk factor is non-OPEC supply outpacing demand, possibly requiring OPEC+ to maintain the current level of cuts through the end of 2024. The volatility in commodity prices experienced during the fourth quarter and so far in 2024 will likely have some influence on upstream development plans. Accordingly, we now see international D&C spend growth decelerating into the high single-digit range this year, which is down slightly from our prior expectations for low double-digit growth. Nevertheless, the international cycle remains healthy and we see no deviation from the long-term development plans set in place amongst some of the worlds largest NOCs. The offshore cycle is maintaining the momentum built over the past couple of years and we have good visibility on the development pipeline, which is expected to support strong activity levels over the next several years. In North America, activity continues to lag and we are now anticipating no meaningful recovery in activity during the first half of the year. On our last quarterly call, we expected 2024 North American D&C spend to be flattish, but now expect spending down in low to mid single-digits driven by mid single-digit declines in U.S. land. The combination of a volatile commodity price environment, sector consolidation and the inherent elasticity of shale versus conventional developments are all factors contributing to the slower ramp up in activity. In OFSE, we secured two significant multiyear integrated services contracts with a Latin American operator for drilling, completion and plug and abandonment services, highlighting the customers confidence in Baker Hughes diverse technology and service offering. In the offshore market, we were awarded additional subsea trees during the quarter, bringing our total number of subsea tree awards in 2023 to 60. Turning to LNG on Slide 7. Despite the recent weakness in LNG prices, we believe the long-term outlook for the global LNG market remains solid. In fact, LNG prices remain at relatively strong levels compared to historical averages. For example, 2023 European and Asian gas prices averaged about 20% above the 10-year average. In the fourth quarter, global LNG demand was up approximately 4% year-over-year. For the full year, global LNG demand reached record levels of 405 MTPA, up 2% compared to 2022 despite softer than anticipated gas demand in Europe. LNG demand in Europe was around 115 MTPA in line with 2022 levels. Demand in China was 71 MTPA, up 10% year-over-year. With estimated global nameplate capacity of 491 MTPA last year, effective utilization averaged 86%, which represents a tight LNG market. Looking into 2024, we forecast LNG demand to increase by 2% which should result in utilization rates remaining at strong levels as we forecast just 15 MTPA of nameplate capacity coming online this year. Looking out to 2025 and 2026, we see a similar trend of supply growth being balanced by demand growth, which should keep global LNG markets at good utilization levels. With energy markets, including LNG, still fundamentally tight, global coal demand set another record last year, increasing 1.4% year-over-year to 8.5 billion tons. We think this recent growth in coal demand provides additional long-term growth opportunities for LNG, where we see cleaner burning natural gas replacing high emission coal in the energy mix across many Asian countries, where coal is still the predominant energy source for electricity. During the fourth quarter, we were pleased to be awarded by ADNOC gas on behalf of ADNOC to electric liquefaction systems for the 9.6 MTPA Ruwais LNG project in the United Arab Emirates. The LNG trains will be driven by Baker Hughes 75-megawatt brush electric motor technology and will feature our state-of-the-art compressor technology making Ruwais LNG one of the first all-electric LNG projects in the Middle East. In 2023, we were extremely pleased to book almost 80 MTPA of LNG orders, which outpaced FIDs of 57 MTPA. This variance was the result of the timing difference between orders and FIDs, which has been accentuated by the tightening LNG equipment market. The outlook for FIDs over the next few years remains strong and we see projects progressing across all markets. For 2024 specifically, we expect LNG FIDs of around 65 MTPA. However, it is important to note this includes a couple of major LNG orders that were booked during 2023. As we look out to 2025 and 2026, we could see between 30 to 60 MTPA of FIDs annually bringing total potential LNG FIDs to 125 MTPA and 185 MTPA through 2026. Based on existing capacity, projects under construction and future FIDs in the pipeline, we have line of sight for global LNG installed capacity to reach 800 MTPA by the end of 2030, representing an almost 75% increase in nameplate capacity from 2022 levels. This provides good visibility for significant near-term growth in Gas Tech equipment, where we have the broadest set of LNG solutions to suit customer needs, including our modular, stick build, onshore, offshore, floating and small-scale LNG offerings. In addition, this expansion in our LNG installed base will provide long-term structural growth for our Gas Tech services. Turning now to Slide 8. On the New Energy front, we have seen a number of developments over the past quarter. At COP28, which brought together 154 heads of state and other government officials and was well represented by Baker Hughes, I was particularly pleased to see the increased representation and participation from energy companies. Key commitments from the conference include doubling the global average annual rate of energy efficiency improvements by 2030, net-zero methane emissions and no routine flaring by 2030, endorsement for a global hydrogen certification standard and accelerating efforts towards the phase down of unabated coal power. We also continue to see progress on the policy and permitting front in the United States that should help advance emissions reductions progress. We are pleased with the U.S. final ruling on the methane standards that should prevent an estimated 58 million tons of methane emissions from 2024 to 2038, according to the EPA. Additionally, the state of Louisiana being granted primacy on Class 6 well permitting should help to reduce CCUS project bottlenecks in that region of the United States. In the area of hydrogen, the U.S. Treasury provided clarity on the 45V hydrogen tax credit, which could impact the pace of green hydrogen development. We are hopeful that a pragmatic resolution will be reached that actually encourages rather than inhibits new investments in this critical industry that will play a vital role in decarbonizing hard-to-abate sectors. As we have stated previously, the energy transition will likely be more challenging and take longer than many expect. This is why we, at Baker Hughes, are pursuing an all-of-the-above strategy, where our technologies and capabilities have a key role to play in decarbonizing the planet irrespective of the fuel source. It is important to note the pace of the transition will not impact the ultimate size of the new energy market opportunity. As an illustration, the IEA has sized the annual clean energy investment at $4.5 trillion by the early 2030s and $4.7 trillion by 2050 under their net zero scenario. In comparison, investment in fossil fuels totaled just under $1 trillion last year. Turning to Slide 9. We are focused on executing our strategy over our free time horizons. Over the first horizon, we are focused on unlocking the full potential of Baker Hughes, successfully transforming our business and simplifying the way we work. We are committed to developing and commercializing our New Energy portfolio while also evolving our digital offerings across both OFSE and IET. These strategic investments, along with better penetration across various underserved energy and industrial markets will be the underpinning for driving peer-leading growth across our next two time horizons. While our activities in LNG and New Energy have been the focus for investors in recent years, Id like to take this opportunity to shine a spotlight on parts of the broader IET portfolio. In Gas Tech, almost 50% of our equipment business is focused on serving customers outside of LNG. Our turbomachinery equipment, generators, motors and pumps have applications across multiple end markets, including upstream, midstream, refining, petrochemical and various industrial end markets. These segments have demonstrated exceptional growth since 2020, increasing by more than 50% and we have good visibility on a number of growth opportunities in the coming year. Take the FPSO markets, for example, we have booked more than $1 billion of awards over the past 2 years and expect the market could see a further 7 to 9 FPSOs take FID each year out to the latter part of this decade. We are also seeing a lot of potential opportunities in onshore gas processing and pipelines as natural gas becomes an important aspect of the energy mix around the world, particularly in places like the Middle East and Southeast Asia. The diversity of our end markets and the opportunity set is not confined to equipment. In Gas Tech Services, over 50% of our revenue has been generated from our transactional and upgrade services, which focus on maintaining our rotating equipment utilized in upstream, midstream, refining and petrochemical sectors. Like LNG, which accounts for less than 40% of the Gas Tech Services revenue, these non-LNG markets also have significant growth opportunities as our installed base expands significantly. Our industrial tech portfolio provides additional diversity into industrial markets like aerospace, automotive, steel and electronics. In Industrial Solutions, we leverage our digital technology to monitor and maintain critical equipment. We have a significant opportunity to extend this service beyond our critical equipment to the balance of plant. In industrial products, we are focused on increasing market penetration in high-margin niche sectors. Finally and most importantly, we are able to leverage core technologies like compressors, turbo expanders and turbines across CTS 5 targeted new energy markets. These are CCUS, hydrogen, geothermal, clean power and emissions management, providing additional long-term growth for IET. As you can see, we have a differentiated portfolio of technologies within IET that provides Baker Hughes a unique opportunity to grow well beyond LNG. Before turning it over to Nancy, I would like to speak at a high level about our 2024 outlook. In OFSE, we expect solid revenue growth led by international, with a year of strong incremental margins as we continue to focus on reshaping the OFSE cost structure in pursuit of 20% margins in 2025. In IET, conversion of our record Gas Tech Equipment RPO will drive robust IET revenue growth, with margins improving despite increasing mix headwinds and putting us on a path toward our 20% margin target in 2026. With that, Ill turn the call over to Nancy.
Nancy Buese: Thanks, Lorenzo. I will begin on Slide 11 with an overview of our consolidated results and then briefly talk to segment details before outlining our first quarter and full year 2024 outlook. We were very pleased with our fourth quarter and full year results. We made outstanding progress on all fronts during 2023. We booked another year of record orders in IET, capitalized on market tailwinds to deliver robust revenue growth across both segments, realized the full benefit of our $150 million cost out program, and continue to transform how we operate. For the fourth quarter, adjusted EBITDA of $1.09 billion came in above the midpoint of our guidance range, which was due to stronger margin performance across both segments. For the year, EBITDA came in at the upper end of our original $3.6 billion to $3.8 billion guidance range. Fourth quarter GAAP operating income was $651 million during the quarter. Adjusted operating income was $816 million. GAAP diluted earnings per share were $0.43. Excluding adjusting items, earnings per share were $0.51, which resulted in 2023 adjusted EPS of $1.60, a new record. Total company orders of $6.9 billion during the quarter maintained strong momentum, highlighted by continued strength in IET orders. For the year, IET orders totaled $14.2 billion, which sets another record. SSPS full year orders were a robust $3.9 billion, which as Lorenzo mentioned, marks our largest order intake for that business since 2014. Thanks to the sustained strength in orders, IET RPO of $29.9 billion ended the quarter at yet another record level, while OFSE-RPO remained at a healthy $3.5 billion, up 37% year-over-year. These RPO levels provide exceptional revenue and earnings visibility over the coming years. Free cash flow outperformed our expectations, coming in at $633 million. For the full year, we generated over $2 billion of free cash flow, resulting in a conversion rate of 54% from adjusted EBITDA, which was above the high end of our expected range. In 2024, we are targeting free cash flow conversion of 45% to 50% and expect 50%-plus conversion rates through Horizons 2 and 3. Turning to Slide 12. Our balance sheet remains strong as we ended the fourth quarter with cash of $2.65 billion, net debt to trailing 12-month adjusted EBITDA ratio of 0.9x and liquidity of over $5.5 billion. During the fourth quarter, we extended our $3 billion revolving credit facility by 4 years, which now has a maturity of November 2028 and we also used available cash to pay down $650 million of senior notes. Turning to capital allocation on Slide 13. In 2023, we returned more than $1.3 billion to shareholders equivalent to 65% of free cash flow. This included almost $800 million of dividends, where we have increased the quarterly dividend twice over the past five quarters. In addition, we repurchased $538 million of Baker Hughes shares in 2023, including $321 million during the fourth quarter. We are committed to returning 60% to 80% of free cash flow to investors and have a strong track record. Since the company was formed in 2017, weve now returned $10 billion to shareholders through dividends and buybacks. We plan to grow our dividend with increases driven by the structural earnings power and growth of the company. We will continue to utilize buybacks to reach our 60% to 80% target and we will remain opportunistic on buybacks within this range. Now I will walk you through the business segment results in more detail and provide our 2024 outlook. Starting with oilfield services and equipment on Slide 14. The segment performed slightly above expectations as OFS margins exceeded the 20% level despite the softer U.S. land market where rig activity fell 4% during the quarter. SSPS orders of $654 million contributed to the highest order year since 2014 with the offshore market expected to remain strong, we expect SSPS orders to persist at healthy levels in 2024 and beyond. OFS revenue in the quarter was $3.95 billion, up 11% year-over-year. Excluding SSPS, international revenue was up 2% sequentially as seasonal declines in Europe were more than offset by strength in Latin America and Sub-Saharan Africa. Excluding SSPS, North America revenue was down 3% sequentially as North America land declined during the quarter. OFSE EBITDA in the quarter was $709 million, up 6% sequentially and up 16% year-over-year, while also slightly above our guidance midpoint of $705 million. OFSE EBITDA margin rate was 17.9%, increasing 99 basis points sequentially and 79 basis points year-over-year. SSPS margins significantly improved year-over-year increasing by 300 basis points to just over 8%, driven by improved execution and commercial success. Now turning to Industrial and Energy Technology on Slide 15. This segment also performed above expectations during the quarter due to a better-than-expected Gas Tech margin. IET orders were $3 billion, included more than $800 million of LNG equipment, bringing full year LNG equipment orders to approximately $5.6 billion. Orders in CTS, which now comprises IETs New Energy business increased to $123 million in the fourth quarter with about 80% of these orders representing projects across the clean power and emissions management markets. IET RPO ended the quarter at $29.9 billion, up 4% sequentially. Gas Tech Equipment RPO was $12.1 billion. Gas Tech Services RPO was $14.8 billion and included more than $1.1 billion of newly signed CSA contracts. Gas Tech Equipment book-to-bill was 1.1x, the tenth consecutive quarter above one. Turning to Slide 16. IET revenue for the quarter was $2.9 billion, up 24% versus the prior year, led by Gas Tech Equipment growth that was up more than 40% year-over-year, driven by execution of project backlog. IET EBITDA was $463 million, up 8% year-over-year and coming in above our guidance midpoint of $460 million. EBITDA margin was 16.1% down 233 basis points year-over-year, a solid improvement in Gas Tech equipment margin was offset by mix and higher R&D spend related to our new energy investments. For 2023, IET R&D spending increased by approximately $70 million as we continue to advance our New Energy investments as well as investing in other IET technology upgrades. Turning to Slide 17. Before detailing our outlook, Id like to provide an update on our business transformation activities and the path that lies ahead in unlocking the full potential of Baker Hughes. Over the course of the past 18 months, the business has undertaken significant structural changes that delivered over $150 million of annualized cost synergies, providing sustainable benefits across the organization. However, there is still more to do as we continue our transformation journey. Our focus is on operational excellence and continuous improvement all that we do. Early this year, we launched actions in OFSE to remove duplication and drive more cost efficiency across the business. These measures resulted in additional restructuring charges during the fourth quarter with these changes being executed during the first half of 2024. These charges are almost entirely related to severance costs. Its important to note that these discrete OFSE actions will drive margin upside into the back half of this year and put the segment on a clear path to achieve 20% margins in 2025. As we continue our transformation work in 2024, we continue to focus on eliminating duplication, remaining focused on execution and listening to our customers while ensuring the company is set up for success in the back half of this decade. In 2023, we laid the groundwork for improved execution, accountability and transparency. We will draw on those foundational aspects to evolve Baker Hughes. Weve begun the work of synchronizing many diverse systems and working towards efficient and streamlined processes and reporting. These efforts will allow us efficiency gains, improve data, all oriented towards the goal of structural margin improvements. A further part of our transformation journey is centered around our approach to customers and meeting their needs. As weve highlighted, customers are increasingly looking for integrated solutions as they reduce the emissions footprint of their operations. It is critical that our OFSE and IET commercial teams collaborate and respond to these customer demands. Driven by this developing customer trend, we see an opportunity for greater collaboration across the Baker Hughes organization, which will be a vitally important factor in unlocking the full commercial potential of our unique and differentiated service and technology portfolio. Next, Id like to update you on our outlook for the two business segments, which is detailed on Slide 18. Overall, the outlook remains strong for both OFSE and IET with tailwinds expected to persist across each business in spite of macro uncertainty. This will be complemented by continued operational enhancements, driving sustained improvement in backlog execution and margin upside as we pursue our 20% margin target across both segments. For Baker Hughes, we expect first quarter revenue to be between $6.1 billion and $6.6 billion and EBITDA between $880 million and $960 million. For IET, we expect first quarter results to reflect seasonal declines in both Gas Tech and Industrial Tech businesses. However, due to improved linearity, we expect Gas Tech sequential declines to be less pronounced than prior years. Overall, for IET, we expect first quarter revenue between $2.4 billion and $2.65 billion and EBITDA between $340 million and $380 million. The major factors driving this range will be the pace of backlog conversion in Gas Tech Equipment and the impact of any aeroderivative supply chain tightness in Gas Tech. For OFSE, we expect first quarter results to reflect the typical seasonal decline in international revenues as well as a slow start across U.S. land markets. We therefore expect first quarter OFSE revenue between $3.7 billion and $3.95 billion and EBITDA between $630 million and $670 million. Factors driving this range include the pacing of 2024 E&P budgets, SSPS backlog conversion, realization of further cost-out initiatives and winter weather in the Northern Hemisphere. Turning to our full year outlook. For the full year 2024, we expect Baker Hughes revenue to be between $26.5 million and $28.5 billion and EBITDA between $4.1 billion and $4.5 billion. In addition, we expect total company New Energy orders of $800 million to $1 billion, which would amount to more than tripling of New Energy orders since 2021. We expect IET orders to remain at robust levels this year, anticipating a range between $11.5 billion to $13.5 billion, driven by strong momentum across all aspects of the IET portfolio. Importantly, we expect a noticeable increase in non-LNG Gas Tech Equipment orders. As a result of this continued momentum and exceptional orders performance over the last 2 years, we expect full year IET revenue between $10.75 billion and $11.75 billion and EBITDA between $1.65 billion and $1.85 billion. For OFSE, we forecast full year revenue between and $15.75 billion and $16.75 billion and EBITDA between $2.8 billion and $3 billion as we expect softness in North America land to more than offset continued strength across international markets. In summary, 2023 was a strong year of execution for Baker Hughes, where we delivered results near the high end of our original guidance range and set records for all our primary financial metrics. In 2024, we expect double-digit EBITDA growth for the fourth consecutive year as we remain focused on execution, driving further operational improvements and capitalizing on market tailwinds with our unique solutions and equipment portfolio. Lastly, we are intensely focused on achieving the guidance set for 2024 and our 20% EBITDA margin targets for OFSE in 2025 and IET in 2026 and while 20% segment margins are important intermediate goals, we will continue to take transformative actions to exceed these levels. Overall, we are proud of the progress demonstrated by our 2023 results and remain very excited about the future of Baker Hughes. Ill turn the call back over to Lorenzo.
Lorenzo Simonelli: Thank you, Nancy. As you can see from our strong 2023 results and the exceptionally strong margin improvement illustrated on Slide 20. Baker Hughes is on its way to becoming a leaner and more efficient energy technology company. We continue to carefully execute our plan to drive margins meaningfully higher. Put simply, we remain relentless in transforming the way we operate. We also have a unique technology portfolio that will drive growth across all three of our horizons irrespective of the pace of the energy transition. In addition, our versatile OFSE and IET portfolios provide significant growth opportunities across underserved end markets. Its this broad-based portfolio that underpinned our 17% EBITDA compounded annual growth rate from 2020 through 2023. Given our balanced portfolio, untapped market opportunities and overhaul cost structure, Baker Hughes is becoming less cyclical in nature and therefore, should generate more durable earnings and free cash flow across cycles. Finally, while on this journey, we remain committed to our employees, customers and shareholders as we continue to push Baker Hughes forward. With that, Ill turn the call back over to Chase.
Chase Mulvehill: Thanks, Lorenzo. Operator, lets open the call for questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from James West with Evercore ISI. You may proceed.
James West: Hey, good morning, Lorenzo and Nancy. 
Lorenzo Simonelli: Hi, James.
James West: So Lorenzo, there is a lot of versatility in the IET portfolio that you guys have put together here and you talked a bunch about it in prepared remarks, but Im curious to know which of the end markets today do you see the biggest opportunities for growth?
Lorenzo Simonelli: Yes, definitely, James. And weve said it before, and we wanted to state it more clearly. Our IET business has a very expansive portfolio of equipment and solutions, which really play across many different end markets, including upstream, midstream, refining, petrochemical and a number of industrial end markets, aerospace, automotive. And we think thats been underappreciated to date. And largely because there is been a large focus, which quite reasonably on LNG and New Energy, and were very proud of our LNG business. Weve worked hard over the years to build it, and weve got differentiated solutions. And were going to be committed to continue being the market leader for liquefaction solutions across all of the LNG markets. And we think that LNG is still very positive with LNG awards over the next 2 to 3 years and also reaching the market installed capacity of 800 MTPA by 2030. But our Gas Tech Equipment is also more than that. Weve demonstrated exceptional growth since 2020 increasing by more than 50% in other areas, and weve got good visibility on a number of growth opportunities in the coming years. A couple of examples, as you look at onshore offshore production OOP, weve got a leadership position in FPSOs, and we see another 7 to 9 FPSOs over the course of the next few years. In onshore production, were seeing the emergence of a number of opportunities associated with pipeline and the processing of gas in particular, as that continues to grow in places like the Middle East and also exposure to petrochemicals, which is ultimately anticipated to continue to grow and weve got the new Nova class of turbines, compressors, valves, pumps, gears, digital solutions. So put all in all, it boils down to an exceptionally versatile IET portfolio that provides us significant growth opportunities as we serve many of the strengthening underserved markets in the coming years.
James West: Great to hear. I think there is huge opportunities there. And then maybe a follow-up for me on the New Energys business. Clearly, orders ramping significantly $400 million to $750 million and I heard Nancys guidance for this year as seeing a continued growth there. Which parts of the New Energys portfolio, kind of similar question to the IET broadly, but do you see the most potential near-term growth? Where is the biggest demand today?
Lorenzo Simonelli: Definitely. Weve been very pleased with the progress of New Energy orders and you saw last year that we continue to take up also our guidance on New Energy. And as you correctly stated, weve given guidance this year relative to the $800 million and also the $1 billion. And we really think that this growth continues going forward. The markets are growing, maturing across both IET and OFSE portfolio technologies. And when you look at it, it really is a sequence of carbon capture technologies that we have in our portfolio, Compact Carbon Capture, Mosaic, as you look at direct air capture, you look at the partnership we have with NET Power supplying turbo expanders. And also, as you look at hydrogen and youve seen the growing emphasis on hydrogen and hard-to-abate areas but also geothermal and looking at emissions management and deflaring. And I think again, as a consequence of some of the discussions at COP 28, there is a clear move towards accelerating some of these as we continue to move forward. And our total addressable market, weve mentioned it before, for New Energy in 2030 is between $60 billion to $70 billion across the five major markets that we serve. And we believe we can book $6 billion to $7 billion of New Energy orders by 2030. So again, its something that we see as a growing area of the business and feel confident in that $6 billion to $7 billion of New Energy orders in 2030.
James West: Perfect. Thank you, Lorenzo.
Lorenzo Simonelli: Thanks, James.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from Luke Lemoine with Piper Sandler. You may proceed.
Luke Lemoine: Hi. Good morning Lorenzo and Nancy. Your 24 quantitative outlook is pretty clear, and you gave us the international North America OFSE growth rates as well. But I want to see if you could just loosely walk us through some of the qualitative aspects of the 24 OFSE margin increase, along with the drivers of the increase in IET revs and margins.
Nancy Buese: Yes. So, thanks Luke for the question. Yes. We have been really pleased with our performance in 23. We generated record EBITDA at levels last year that were about 25% before  above prior cycle peaks. On our consolidated updated EBITDA margins for 23, we averaged about 200 bps above the 18 and 19 levels. So, at the midpoint of our guidance, this implies another year of strong EBITDA in the mid-teens range, which would mark for us the fourth consecutive year of double-digit growth. And then when we think about 2024, we are going to show another material step-up in margins for the total company, up about 100 basis points for overall company results. And then to your question about the segments, they both demonstrate margin improvement with potential upside as we continue to execute further cost optimization initiatives across the organization. And then in OFSE, in particular, the cost initiatives that we launched early here in 2024 will really help drive that margin upside into the back half of the year. And we expect the OFS business to average about 20% EBITDA margins in 2024. So, there is still a lot of macro and geopolitical uncertainty as we think about our 24 guidance and we also have concerns still about the aeroderivative supply chain tightness that we are managing through all of 2024 for Gas Tech. I would say also in OFSE, we see questions for us about the U.S. land market in 2024. But our view on guidance overall is really based on where we sit in the market conditions, where we operate, and so thats really where we have come from as a source of our guidance numbers for 2024. And we are taking what I would call a really prudent and balanced approach to our guidance. We have got a lot of confidence in our numbers, and we are working hard as we demonstrated in 2023 on predictability. So, I would say net-net, knowing what we know today, we think the midpoint of our guidance range appropriately balances all the risks and opportunities that we see across both the IET and OFSE businesses.
Luke Lemoine: Alright. Thank you.
Lorenzo Simonelli: Luke, I think the other thing I would just mention is it shows significant growth across both segments and continuing the trajectory that we have laid out very clearly with the targets set forth for 25 and 26 on the EBITDA rate as well as then the free cash flow. So, we feel very confident on the execution of the strategy that we have laid out.
Luke Lemoine: Okay. Thanks. And then maybe just to touch on it a little more, Lorenzo, the 20% EBITDA margin targets for OFSE in 25 and IET in 26. Can you walk us through how you see those business lines unfolding to achieve those targets kind of relative to your 24 guidance?
Lorenzo Simonelli: Yes. Sure. I will let Nancy walk through the details. Its a combination of a number of things and actions that we have already put in place, so.
Nancy Buese: Yes. We remain, as we have said, very committed to those 20% EBITDA targets for both OFSE and IET. We have a clearly defined path on how we are going to get to each of those targets. And as we highlighted on the call today, there is a number of actions we are taking to make structural changes to the way we operate and truly streamline our overall cost profile and thats going to really help aid that margin progression in the timeline we have indicated. And again, what we have said earlier this year about OFSE, we have taken those charges in the fourth quarter. Those are largely severance with a very short payback period thats going to clear that path for the OFSE business to get to those 20% margins by 2025. And they will also drive some good margin upside in the back half of this year, paving the way for us there. And then this is in addition to the more than $60 million of costs we already removed from the OFSE business following a combination of OFS and OFE at the end of 2022. And then also in IET, recall that we accomplished the $50 million of cost synergies by combining TPS and DS businesses in that same timeframe. So, when we think about the building blocks from the 2023 IET margin of 15% to 20% in 2026, thats also a combination of steps. I would outline those as first is the conversion of higher-margin backlog with improved volume, improved pricing. Secondly, thinking about variable cost productivity in terms of supply chain, engineering, design and other areas for improvement. We also in the industrial tech business plan to return to historical margin rates, which we have been working on. Also new digital offerings and enhanced services models in that space. And then finally, I would say base cost productivity which we have elevated R&D now, that will start to normalize and then also working towards further business simplification there. So, we have a path for both segments to get to that 20% margin rate. We are working that hard in a series of planned, calculated executable steps. I would say, overall, we are very proud of what we have accomplished so far. We are coming a long ways, but we know we are far from done, and we remain intensely focused on driving these margins and the returns higher. And ultimately, thats intended to create much more value for our shareholders.
Luke Lemoine: Okay. Got it. Thanks Nancy. Thanks Lorenzo.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from Arun Jayaram with JPMorgan. You may proceed.
Arun Jayaram: Good morning. Lorenzo, Baker has guided to $11.5 billion to $13.5 billion of IET orders in 2024. I was wondering if you could give us maybe more details on the buildup of the order guide between LNG and other components. It seems like a theme of todays call, the potential to book more non-LNG orders in IET and perhaps what factors would push you towards the low end versus the higher end of the guide?
Lorenzo Simonelli: Yes, sure. And Arun, good to hear from you. And we see another strong year of orders. And again, if you look at our history, this again would be a significant year for us. And in GTE, we see another strong year of LNG orders. We anticipate 65 MTPA of LNG FIDs. Just note some of those FIDs this year, we actually booked last year. But outside of LNG, we expect another strong year of onshore/offshore production where there are a number of potential FPSO awards and some good opportunities also on the onshore side as well. You have also got the continued momentum of booking outside of LNG orders and GTE in 2024 increasing by more than 50%. Services had a strong year last year. We signed over $1 billion of CSA commitments in the fourth quarter, and we expect to continue to see that contractual service agreement momentum to continue as the projects get near commissioning. And you will also recall that we signed our service contracts closer to commissioning time of projects, which is coming into place. We discussed new energy and CTS expect $800 million to $1 billion of orders that we highlighted and continuing momentum in Industrial Tech, which should continue to progress in line with GDP. And I would look at overall IET order outlook remains strong, excited about the opportunities across all of our areas that we serve. And our midpoint $12.5 billion would still rival our second biggest order year in 2022 when we booked $12.7 billion of IET orders. So, continuing to see the momentum on the order side here.
Arun Jayaram: Great. Lorenzo, a follow-up on LNG, the permitting process on new LNG export projects in the U.S. appears to have slowed. I wanted to see if you can get some insights on why you think some of the approval process is taking longer, and any risk to your 2024 profile if these permit delays persist?
Lorenzo Simonelli: Yes, very topical at the moment, Arun. And again, if you look at the aspect of LNG, no impact for us this year. And again, as you know, the project landscape and also the cycle of projects is multiyear. But I would say that, again, there is some uncertainty, in particular, on North America, given some of the discussions that are taking place and some of the delays in the permitting. I would also say I am disappointed that this is coming about right now. U.S. LNG is enormously beneficial to the U.S. economy. Its had a large impact, beneficial impact on global energy markets, especially when you look at everything thats happened in. There has been commitments made to providing LNG supply to many other countries. And I think its important that we continue to go down that path, and its a matter of national security for many. And so we anticipate that this will work itself through, and we dont anticipate that there will be any detrimental impact over the long-term to U.S. LNG. Outside of U.S. LNG though international projects continue to be buoyant, and there is several opportunities in the Middle East, you look at Africa, you look at Southeast Asia. And again, we have got an extensive reach on the international projects as well. So, no impact in 24 and continuing to monitor the situation in the U.S., but anticipate that will solve itself over the long-term.
Arun Jayaram: Great. Thanks Lorenzo.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from Saurabh Pant with Bank of America. You may proceed.
Saurabh Pant: Hi. Good morning Lorenzo and Nancy. Lorenzo, maybe I will start with a little more color on the aeroderivative side of things, the supply chain has been a topic. I think Nancy touched on that a little bit in her prepared remarks. But if you can give us a little more color on that, how are things going, if there is an update, and should we expect things to get better as we move through 2024?
Lorenzo Simonelli: Yes, sure. Its something that we continue to navigate. I think externally, you see all the news around the aerospace supply chain and you have seen that we have managed it in 2023, and there will be no change to managing it in 2024 and thats contemplated within the guidance that we provided. The situation remains stable, but will be tight through the end of 2024. And we are working closely with our supply base to make sure that we continue executing. It is tight, though, and we have incorporated that into the guidance that we have provided, but ensuring we dont have any impact to our results.
Saurabh Pant: Okay. Fantastic. And then Nancy, maybe a quick follow-up for you. This kind of relates to what you asked earlier on. But you have been in the CFO role now since, I think late 2022. And we have heard you talk about organizational transformation and making Baker a leaner organization. And like you said, you have taken $150 million plus in cost out. Can you update, I know you talked about it a little bit, can you give us a little more color on what you plan to do going forward, and if there is any way to quantify the impact on that?
Nancy Buese: Yes. Its a great question. And I would say in every aspect across the company, our focus is truly on operational excellence, execution and continuous improvement. Last year, we really laid the groundwork for improving that execution, accountability, transparency, and we did achieve that $150 million cost-out goal and that was really designed around sustainable structural changes that will benefit the organization longer term and will stick over time. And we have really begun the work as well as synchronizing many diverse systems, working towards efficient, streamlined processes and reporting everything from our underlying technology just to the way we do things. So, thats permitting through the business, and we will create efficiencies over time. We also have discrete projects, and I will give you one example. So, in 2023, we guided to a 35% to 40% tax rate, and this year, we are guiding to a 27% to 32% tax rate. And again, these things over time have a meaningful impact to our earnings done in a really structured, thoughtful way. So, all of these projects and initiatives will allow us efficiency gains, improve data, improve transparency, all focusing on structural margin improvements over time. I would say, though, there is still much more to do as we continue down this journey. In 2024, we continue to focus on things like eliminating duplication, thinking about how to execute at a world-class level, how we listen to our customers and execute from a point of excellence and then just making sure that while we are doing these things today, we are also setting up for real success in the back half of the decade. So, we are making some investments in things like systems and processes today to drive that back half of the decade. And then earlier this year, of course, we have talked about the actions in OFSE really designed around removing duplication, driving more cost efficiency inside that business. So all-in-all, we are going to stay on the journey. We are stopping short of putting on another cost target. I would encourage you to think about that in terms of just margin improvement in both segments and overall. So, stay tuned and keep focusing on margins, and thats where you will see the improvements over time.
Saurabh Pant: Okay. Awesome. Okay. Nancy, thats very thorough. Thank you. Lorenzo thanks. I will turn it back.
Lorenzo Simonelli: Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from Scott Gruber with Citigroup. You may proceed.
Scott Gruber: Yes. Good morning.
Lorenzo Simonelli: Hi Scott.
Scott Gruber: Good morning. I want to circle back to the LNG approval discussion just given that its a hot topic. Lorenzo, so if there is a slowdown in U.S. approvals, do you think that would pull forward some international projects to fill the gap. It seems that buyers would pivot their focus. But is the international slate of projects ready from a timing perspective to offsetting the U.S. slowdown?
Lorenzo Simonelli: So, Scott, as you saw also in 2023, we actually had bookable orders that were on projects that we had in FID. We wouldnt obviously put that in any guidance, and we think that the 65 MTPA FIDs will happen this year. But as you look at any slowdown in the U.S., there is clearly projects internationally that can take the opportunity and offset what was anticipated from U.S. LNG over time. Again, its not something that we factored into the guidance, but again, its something that could happen and we will continue to monitor the situation. I think the benefit for us is that we play globally. We play with a total gamut of solutions around LNG and so when it comes to small modular onshore, offshore stick or floating, you come to us. And again, there is international opportunities.
Scott Gruber: I appreciate the color. Still a lot of coal to displays out there. Shifting to the service opportunity for non-LNG equipment, over the next 5 years, could you provide some color on the rough growth rate in your installed base of non-LNG equipment just so we can get a sense of the associated growth and the service opportunity?
Lorenzo Simonelli: So, we havent given a specific percentage, but your characterization is correct that there is a large opportunity. As you look at onshore and offshore from the FPSO perspective than the gas pipelines, but then you also go to the transactional business, and when you think of industrial segments, fertilizers, petrochemical, refineries, all of this goes to the transactional side of services. And we mentioned one of the paths to the 20% EBITDA for IET is also the new service solutions and the digital offerings. There is a tremendous amount of opportunity as we continue to expand across the balance of plant as we look to our Cordant solutions being implemented, and we are already seeing some success in the marketplace with non-traditional customers, and thats really a growth opportunity as we go forward. And it just is a further demonstration of the diversity and versatility of the IET portfolio.
Scott Gruber: Okay. Thank you.
Lorenzo Simonelli: Thanks Scott.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from Marc Bianchi with TD Cowen. You may proceed.
Marc Bianchi: Hey. Thanks. I was curious if you could talk a little bit more about the LNG award expectation thats embedded in the IET order guidance, so you did $5.6 billion of LNG equipment award in 2023? Whats the assumption for 24? And is that whats contributing to the wide range of IET order guidance?
Lorenzo Simonelli: Yes. Again, Marc, going to also what I mentioned before relative to LNG, we see that in 2024, there should be 65 MTPA of awards, and within our guidance, obviously, we have taken account for what we have booked in the past and what we anticipate to book this year. And we wouldnt go and actually start putting in orders that we havent seen FID-ed yet. So, thats from a guidance perspective, we are banking on the projects being FID this year and coming through. And then if there is an opportunity, its that there is an acceleration, as was discussed earlier with Scott relative to other projects that come into our order book but havent FID-ed yet. So, feel confident with the range that we have given and again, there is the growth outside of LNG that is significant as well. And I just maybe mention again, if you look at what we have laid out, this would be close to the second year record that has already been here for that business. So, feeling good about the momentum continuing as we go forward.
Marc Bianchi: Okay. Maybe one for Nancy. On the tax rate, you are guiding to a nice improvement here in 24, but its still above where peers are. Where do you think you can get that tax rate to and over what timeframe?
Nancy Buese: Yes, its a great question. Its something we are working hard on. There is a lot of history and baggage associated with tax rate given the formation of the company and in all of that. But we are working, I would say, moving ourselves into somewhere in the low-20% over time, cant give you exact specifics on how we get there. But I would say there is a lot of important work being done in the next year or 2 years to really focus on that rate. Its very important to move the needle from an earnings perspective. So, we are doing all the things to understand our attributes and really think about structuring as we move forward. We are a lot of complex structures over the course of the globe with some of our contracts and our customer base. But I can tell you this is something I am personally very invested in and we are working hard to bring that rate down over the coming years.
Marc Bianchi: Great. Thanks so much. I will turn it back.
Lorenzo Simonelli: Thanks. And look, we are coming to time here. So, I just want to thank everyone for joining the call. And as we mentioned, very much looking forward to 2024, continuing the momentum of change within Baker Hughes and continuing to execute for our customers and also for the employee base and meeting what we have laid out from a guidance perspective. So, thank you very much everybody.
Operator: Thank you. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2023 Q3  (2023-10-26 09:30:00) =====
Operator: Good day, ladies, and gentlemen. Welcome to the Baker Hughes Third Quarter 2023 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session, and instructions will follow at that time. As a reminder, the conference call is being recorded. Id now like to introduce your host for todays conference Mr. Chase Mulvehill, Vice President of Investor Relations. Sir, you may begin.
Chase Mulvehill: Thank you Justin. Good morning everyone, and welcome to the Baker Hughes third quarter 2023 earnings conference call. Here with me are our Chairman and CEO, Lorenzo Simonelli; and our CFO, Nancy Buese. The earnings release we issued yesterday evening can be found on our website at bakerhughes.com. We will also be using a presentation with our prepared remarks during this webcast, which can also be found on our website. As a reminder, during the course of this conference call, we will provide forward-looking statements. These statements are not guarantees of future performance and involve a number of risks and assumptions. Please review our SEC filings and website for a discussion of the factors that could cause actual results to differ materially. Reconciliations of operating income and other GAAP to non-GAAP measures can be found in our earnings release. With that I will turn the call over to Lorenzo.
Lorenzo Simonelli: Thank you, Chase. Good morning, everyone, and thanks for joining us. We were pleased with our third quarter results and remain optimistic on the outlook.  As you can see on Slide 4, we maintain strong orders performance in both IET and SSPS, with large awards coming from Venture Global in LNG and VAR's Energy in subsea. We also delivered strong operating results at the upper end of our EBITDA guidance range, booked almost $100 million of new energy orders, and generated $592 million of free cash flow. We continue to see positive momentum across our portfolio despite persisting global uncertainty. Turning to the macro on Slide 5, oil prices have rebounded as the combination of resilient oil demand and production cuts have tightened the market. As a result, the oil market is likely to see inventory draws through the rest of 2023. Continued discipline from the world's largest producers, the pace of oil demand growth in the face of economic uncertainty, and geopolitical risk will be important factors to monitor as we look into 2024. While oil prices have strengthened during the second half of this year, upstream development plans are mostly set through year-end, therefore we remain confident in our 2023 outlook. We still expect international drilling and completion spending to be up year-over-year in the mid-teens, and North America up by mid-to-high single digits. As we have said previously, we expect this upstream spending cycle to be more durable and less sensitive to commodity price swings relative to prior cycles. Higher carbon prices do provide positive momentum into operators' development plans for next year. While it is still early and with the caveat there is growing geopolitical risk, we do see another year of solid upstream spending growth in 2024, led by international and offshore markets. In the offshore market specifically, we were awarded 21 subsea trees during the quarter, which includes a significant equipment order from a sub-Saharan African operator. This award expands Baker Hughes's presence in offshore Angola and consists of 11 deep water horizontal trees, up-tire manifolds, and subsea controls. OFSE also saw continued growth in the North Sea, booking two major multi-year contracts from VAR's Energy, one being a long-term contract for well-intervention and exploration logging services, and the other being an order to deliver seven vertical tree systems for the Balderfield. Turning to LNG, despite a soft economy, the global LNG market remains fundamentally tight. This tightness is evidenced by the recent LNG price spikes that resulted from the current geopolitical situation and strikes in Australia by LNG workers, which temporarily interrupted operations at several LNG facilities. In the third quarter, global LNG demand was up approximately 1.5% year-over-year. Year-to-date, global LNG demand has reached record levels at just over 300 MTPA. This is despite softer than anticipated gas demand and economic weakness persisting in key LNG-consuming markets like Europe and China. Globally, we expect 2023 LNG demand to approach 410 MTPA, or up about 2% compared to last year. With estimated global nameplate capacity of 490 MTPA this year, effective utilization is expected to be over 90%, which has historically represented a tight market. Turning into 2024, we forecast LNG demand to increase by 3%, which should result in utilization rates remaining at elevated levels, as we forecast just 15 MTPA of nameplate capacity coming online next year. Looking out to 2025 and 2026, we see similar trend of supply growth being balanced by demand growth, which should keep global LNG markets at relatively strong utilization levels. LNG prices remain healthy, which has helped to sustain the strength and off-take contracting a key driver of LNG FIDs. During the quarter, we received an order to provide additional liquefaction equipment and a power island to venture global as part of our upsized master equipment supply agreement of over 100 MTPA. As a reminder, we have provided LNG modules for both of VentureGlobal's 10 MTPA Calcashu Pass and 20 MTPA Platrimon's projects. Additionally, we were pleased to be recently awarded by ADNOC Gas on behalf of ADNOC, two electric liquefaction systems for the 9.6 MTPA Ruiz-LNG project in the United Arab Emirates. The award is expected to be booked in the fourth quarter of 2023 and was announced at this year's ADIPEC conference. The LNG trains will be driven by Baker's users 75 megawatt brush electric motor technology and will feature our state-of-the-art compressor technology, making Ruiz-LNG one of the first all-electric LNG projects in the Middle East. We are pleased to see continued traction from brush power generation, which we acquired in 2022 to enhance our industrial electric machinery portfolio and to support our strategic commitment to provide lower carbon solutions. Since then, we have secured several additional orders for our electric machinery portfolio, including a contract from WISN in the first quarter for four ELNG compressor trains in Sub-Saharan Africa. These recent successes of brush further validate our strategy of investing in bolt-on M&A opportunities that can complement the current IET and OFSE portfolios, as well as our efforts in new energy. Turning to Slide six, through the third quarter, 53 MTPA of capacity has taken FID this year. For 2023, we expect to book LNG orders totaling approximately 80 MTPA, given we sometimes receive larger LNG orders before projects have taken FID. The LNG project pipeline remains strong, both in the US and internationally. Therefore, we expect to see similar year-over-year levels of FID activity in 2024 and could see between 30 to 60 MTPA of LNG FIDs in both 2025 and 2026. Based on existing capacity, projects under construction, and future FIDs in the pipeline, we have line-of-sight for global LNG-installed capacity to reach 800 MTPA by the end of 2030. This represents an almost 70% increase in name-blank capacity from 2022, which provides significant near-term growth for gas tech equipment and further long-term structural growth for gas tech services. Importantly, since 2017, there have been 204 MTPAs. of LNG FIDs, and Baker Hughes has been selected for 201 MTPA of this new capacity. These projects are scheduled to come online over the coming years, representing an almost 50% increase in our global liquefaction installed base between now and 2028.  Turning to Slide 7, we have long held the view that natural gas is an abundant, low-carbon and versatile energy source. It will play a critical role as both a transition and destination fuel. Accordingly, natural gas will be fundamental in satisfying the world's energy needs for many decades to come, while also improving air quality and reducing global emissions, displacing coal in the broader energy mix. We forecast that primary energy demand will continue to grow beyond 2040 due to rising population and increasing consumption per capita in the developing world. However, it is essential to meet this growing demand with affordable and reliable energy to ensure a strong global economy. Today's mix of primary energy demand is still heavily reliant upon coal, which accounted for 24% of global energy demand in 2022. In many Asian countries, like China and India, coal is a much higher share of the energy mix. This is the opportunity for cleaner, burning natural gas to be paired with renewables and or CCUS as a base load energy source to displace coal in the energy mix over the coming decades. That being said, all energy sources will be needed to meet increasing energy demand, although with an increasing importance on minimizing global emissions. Importantly, many of our customers' long-term spending plans are beginning to reflect this evolving energy mix. This presents significant customer synergies across our IET and OFSE portfolios, providing a unique opportunity to be an integrated solutions provider as the energy transition takes shape. Turning to Slide 8, as we take energy forward, making it safer, cleaner and more efficient for people in the planet, we are focused on our strategic framework of transforming our core to strengthen our margin and returns profile, while also investing for growth and positioning for new frontiers in the energy transition. Through these key pillars, our company is building and executing a plan to deliver sustainable value for our shareholders and stakeholders. As our strategy and the energy markets have evolved, we have been increasingly focused on the execution of our strategy across free time horizons. Across the first time horizon, which spans through 2025, we are focused on driving enhanced margin accretion through organizational simplification and expanded efficiencies, operational discipline, and optimization of asset and people productivity. Importantly, these actions are well within our control. During this period, Baker Hughes remains poised to benefit from the macro tailwinds that we see across our two business segments. Specifically, we remain well positioned to benefit from the continued strength in the natural gas and LNG growth cycle, as well as a multi-year increases in upstream spending driven by international and offshore markets. We also remain focused on navigating short-term supply constraints, specifically in aerospace sector, and broader macroeconomic and political uncertainty. Throughout horizon one, we will be focused on transforming our business and simplifying the way we work. Additionally, we remain committed to further developing and commercializing our new energy portfolio, while also evolving our digital offerings. All of this will underpin our goals to deliver 20% EBITDA margins in OFSE by 2025 and in IET by 2026. During the second horizon, which extends out to 2027, the focus shift towards investing for the next phase of growth, where our strategy is to solidify our presence in the new energy and industrial sectors, while leveraging Gas Tech services growth across our expanding installed equipment base. At the same time, we see upstream and natural gas spending continuing to grow at a lower rate. We also expect an increasing customer focus on efficiency gains and emissions reductions, offering meaningful opportunities for our IET and OFSE digital businesses, as we further deploy our Lucifer, Coordinate and Flare reduction solutions during this horizon. To illustrate, the IEA estimates that improving efficiencies by just 10% across oil and gas operations would save almost half a gigaton of CO2 per year, which is equivalent to achieving 5% of the Paris Agreement goals. Also in horizon two, we expect to exceed our ROIC targets of 15% and 20% in OFSE and IET, respectively, and drive further margin expansions across both business segments above our stated 20% EBITDA margin targets. Lastly, Horizon Free looks to 2030 and beyond, where our execution over the coming years will position Baker Hughes to compete across many new industrial and energy frontiers, including CCUS, hydrogen, clean power, and geothermal. By this time, we expect decarbonization solutions to be a fundamental component, and in most cases, a prerequisite for energy projects, regardless of the end market. The need for smarter, more efficient energy solutions and emissions management will have firmly extended into the industrial sector. Considering this backdrop, we expect our new energy orders to reach $6 billion to $7 billion in 2030 and across a much broader customer base. Before turning over to Nancy, I'd like to speak to the positive momentum that Baker Hughes has built during 2023, and where we have experienced strengthening tailwinds in both OFSE and IET. International and offshore markets are set to drive the strongest year of OFSE growth in more than five years. While continued robust LNG activity is set to push IET orders to yet another record year in 2023, and most importantly, our improved operational execution and cost structure and continued commitment to our customers are helping us to deliver on our commitments to our shareholders. With that, I'll turn the call over to Nancy.
Nancy Buese: Lorenzo, I will begin on Slide 10 with an overview of our consolidated results and then briefly talk to segment details before outlining our fourth quarter and full year 2023 outlook. We were very pleased with our third quarter results as both segments continued to execute well and benefit from market tailwinds. Adjusted EBITDA of $983 million came in at the high end of our guidance range, mostly due to better than expected IET performance driven by strong backlog conversion in Gas Tech equipment and continued improving execution in industrial tech. GAAP operating income was $714 million during the quarter. Adjusted operating income was $716 million. GAAP earnings per share were $0.51. Excluding adjusting items, earnings per share were $0.42. Orders for both business segments maintained strong momentum highlighted by another record quarter for IET and the third consecutive quarter of at least $1 billion of subsea and surface pressure systems orders. The first time this has happened since 2014. New energy orders totaled almost $100 million this quarter, which brings year to day orders to just under $540 million and puts us on track to hit our $600 million to $700 million target range. Due to the sustained strength in orders, IET RPO is at record levels and SSPS RPO is now at the highest level since 2015, which provides strong volume and earnings visibility over the coming years. Free cash flow was strong again this quarter, coming in at $592 million and resulting in free cash flow conversion from adjusted EBITDA of 60%. We continue to target free cash flow conversion of 45% to 50% this year. Turning to Slide 11, our balance sheet remains strong as we ended the third quarter with cash of $3.2 billion and a net debt to trailing 12-month adjusted EBITDA ratio of one time. Turning to capital allocation on Slide 12, we continue to return excess free cash flow to shareholders. We recently increased our dividend by a penny to $0.20 per quarter. We remain committed to growing our dividend over time with growth ultimately tied to the structural earnings power and growth of the company. Additionally, we repurchased $119 million of stock during the quarter, which brings total repurchases at the end of the third quarter to $219 million. Including our dividend and buybacks through the end of the third quarter, we have returned $805 million to shareholders. We remain committed to returning 60% to 80% of free cash flow to investors. Now I will walk you through the business segment results in more detail and give you our thoughts on our forward outlook. Starting with oil-filled services and equipment on Slide 13. The segment performed above expectations in the quarter, driven by better than expected revenue and margin in SSPS and a resilient oil-filled services performance in North America. SSPS orders of $1 billion maintain strong momentum as offshore project awards continue at robust levels. Accordingly, SSPS booked to bill of 1.3 times was above one for the seventh consecutive quarter and SSPS RPO now sits at $3.6 billion, which is up 52% versus the same quarter last year. OFSE revenue in the quarter was $4 billion, up 2% sequentially and up 16% year-over-year. Excluding SSPS, international revenue was up 1% sequentially, as declines in Latin America offset increases in other regions. Excluding SSPS, North America revenue was up 4% sequentially with strength in North America offshore, partially offset by North America land revenues down 2%, which outperformed the US land rig count that fell 10%. OFSE EBITDA in the quarter was $670 million, up 5% sequentially and up 27% year-over-year, while also slightly above our guidance midpoint of $665 million. OFSE EBITDA margin rate was 17%, with margins increasing 60 basis points sequentially and 140 basis points year-over-year as SSPS margins outperformed expectations. Now turning to industrial and energy technology on Slide 14, this segment also performed above expectations, again during the quarter. The stronger performance was primarily due to higher volume and Gas Tech equipment and industrial tech, slightly offset by lower than expected volume and Gas Tech services due to delivery timing for upgrades and supply chain challenges for error derivative components. IET also had record orders this quarter, driven by robust LNG awards. IET orders were $4.3 billion, up 32% sequentially and up 84% on a year-over-year basis, and included almost $2.5 billion of LNG equipment orders. Major awards during the quarter included liquefaction equipment for an FLNG project in the Eastern Hemisphere and a major award to provide additional liquefaction equipment in a power island to venture global. IET RPO ended the quarter at $28.8 billion, up 5% sequentially. Gas Tech equipment RPO was $12.8 billion, and Gas Tech services RPO was $13.8 billion. Gas Tech equipment booked to bill was 2.2 times, the ninth consecutive quarter above one. Turning to Slide 15, IET revenue for the quarter was $2.7 billion, up 37% versus the prior year, led by Gas Tech equipment growth that was up over 100% year-over-year, driven by execution and project backlog. IET EBITDA was $403 million, up 23% year-over-year, and coming in above our guidance midpoint of $385 million. EBITDA margin was 15%, down 160 basis points year-over-year, driven by higher equipment mix and higher R&D spend related to our new energy investments. This increased R&D spending balances our broader margin improvement objectives with the demands to drive technology growth in our climate technology solutions portfolio. In September, we announced a realignment of our IET product lines across five key value vectors, simplifying our organizational structure to focus operations and decision making and drive margin and returns improvement. Through this realignment, which was effective on October 1st, and shown on Slide 16, we are also providing increased transparency for our CTS business, a key growth engine for Baker Hughes, as well as integrating our asset performance management capabilities under industrial solution. Before turning to our outlook, I'd like to quickly speak to a part of our growth story that we think is a key differentiator for Baker Hughes. And as highlighted on Slide 17, is the visibility we have around structural IET growth into the latter part of this decade. We believe this growth will drive meaningful, free cash flow expansion for the company, which we can attribute to four areas. The first is LNG equipment orders. Based on our expectation, we will book almost $9 billion of LNG equipment orders across 2022 and 2023. As a result, our Gas Tech equipment RPO is at a record level, giving IET strong equipment backlog coverage over the next few years. The second is Gas Tech services. As Lorenzo mentioned, we see the global LNG installed base growing by 70% from today through the end of this decade. Also, the 172 MTPA of capacity additions during the 2016 to 2022 timeframe will begin to earn increasing service revenue over the medium term. Given that Baker Hughes equipment is installed on the majority of these projects, we have significant earnings and returns visibility through 2030 and beyond from our Gas Tech services franchise. As LNG accounts for almost 80% of our $13.8 billion RPO and Gas Tech services. The third growth area that we see is across industrial solutions and industrial products. We believe that these businesses can be so much more than the collection of technologies that they are today. For industrial solutions, the focus of this platform is to provide an integrated suite of solutions supporting industrial asset performance management and process optimization. There is a significant opportunity to advance solutions that can provide recurring revenue streams at a creative margin rates. The starting point for this is our coordinate platform which we launched in January this year. In industrial products, we've been focusing on driving further simplification and unifying the industrial hardware capabilities that we have in our portfolio today. As we focus on industry verticals that allow for stronger growth opportunities and improve profitability into the future. The fourth growth area is new energy. We remain excited about new energy opportunities where we will focus on differentiated technologies that add value for our customers in CCUS, hydrogen, clean power, geothermal and emissions management. Accordingly, we see a path to growing new energy orders from our $600 to $700 million target this year towards $6 to $7 billion in 2030. Next, I'd like to update you on our outlook for the two business segments, which is detailed on Slide 18. Overall, we remain optimistic on the outlook for both OFSE and IET, given strong growth tailwinds across each business, as well as continued operational enhancements to drive backlog execution and margin improvement. For Baker Hughes, we expect fourth quarter revenue to be between $6.7 and $7.1 billion and EBITDA between $1.05 and $1.11 billion and playing an EBITDA midpoint of $1.08 billion. For the full year, we are increasing and narrowing our guidance ranges as we flow through third quarter results and fourth quarter guidance. Accordingly, we now expect 2023 Baker Hughes revenue to be between $25.4 and $25.8 billion and EBITDA between $3.7 billion and $3.8 billion. For IET, we expect fourth quarter results to reflect sequential and year-over-year revenue growth for both Gas Tech and industrial tech. Therefore, we expect fourth quarter IET revenue between $2.8 billion and $3.1 billion and EBITDA between $430 million and $490 million. The major factors driving this range will be the pace of backlog conversion in Gas Tech equipment and the impact of any aero derivative supply chain tightness in Gas Tech. Our full year outlook for IET remains constructive for orders, revenue, and EBITDA. For orders, we've increased our 2023 expectations from $11.5 to $12.5 billion to a new range of $14 to $14.5 billion. Flowing through the third quarter upside and fourth quarter guide, we now expect full year IET revenue between $10.05 billion and $10.35 billion and EBITDA between $1.5 billion and $1.55 billion. For OFSE, we expect fourth quarter results to reflect the typical year-end growth in international revenue and in decline in North America. We therefore expect fourth quarter OFSE revenue between $3.85 billion and $4.05 billion and EBITDA between $675 million and $735 million. Factors driving this range include the pacing of some international projects, level of year-end product sales, SSPS backlog conversion, and the pace of our cost-out initiatives. After including the third quarter results and fourth quarter guidance, we now forecast full year OFSE revenue between $15.3 billion and $15.5 billion and EBITDA between $2.55 and $2.65 billion. We will provide detailed 2024 guidance alongside our fourth quarter results in January. Looking out to next year, we remain optimistic for continued growth across both OFSE and IET, as well as further operational enhancements to drive increasing margins and returns. We also remain focused on navigating aero-derivative supply chain challenges and broader macroeconomic and geopolitical uncertainty as we head into 2024. More broadly, our transformation journey continues, and we're pleased with the progress we're making in identifying areas to drive efficiencies, structurally removing costs, and modernizing how the business operates. We are continuing to see the cost-out performance come through our operating results, and we see further opportunities to enhance our operating performance through continued business transformation efforts.  In summary, we remain relentlessly focused on achieving the targets we've set for 20% EBITDA margins in OFSE in 2025 and IET in 2026, and we remain committed to delivering our ROIC targets at 15% for OFSE and 20% for IET. Importantly, we are continuing to take actions today to help us achieve and exceed these targets. Overall, we remain excited about the future of Baker Hughes. I'll turn the call back over to Lorenzo. 
Lorenzo Simonelli: Thank you, Nancy. As we enhance our position as a leading energy technology company, we remain encouraged about the continued growth that we see for our organization across our free time horizons. While there is a growing consensus that the energy transition will likely take longer than many expected, our unique portfolio is set to benefit irrespective of how quickly the energy transition develops. For example, a faster energy transition drives quicker growth across our climate technology solutions business, while a slower energy transition would extend the cycle of our traditional oil and gas businesses. Accordingly, we have set out a strategy to grow irrespective of the pace that the energy transition unfolds.  Considering this balanced portfolio, Baker Hughes is becoming less cyclical in nature and therefore set to experience solid growth irrespective of the energy transition pace. Importantly, we are laying the foundation today for a more durable earnings and free cash flow growth profile, which will enable us, in parallel, to deliver best in class performance and structurally increasing shareholder returns. With that, I'll turn the call back over to Chase. 
Chase Mulvehill: Thanks, Lorenzo. Operator, let's open the call for questions. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our first question will come from Arun Jayaram of JPMorgan. Your line is open. 
Arun Jayaram: Yes, good morning team. Lorenzo, I wanted to start with the IET order outlook and guidance. Since the beginning of the year, Baker has raised its IET order guidance by more than $3 billion. So I was wondering if you could talk about some of the drivers of the higher inbound this year and just thoughts on 2024. Because one of the questions is, are you taking some of the 2024 orders and accelerate the timing of that into this year?
Lorenzo Simonelli: Yes, definitely Arun. And good to hear from you. And I think if you go back to the beginning of the year, we always said that we saw a robust pipeline of opportunities for IET. And as we've gone forward through the year, that has continued to get stronger and stronger, and more of the pipeline has been converting. And so it's given us the opportunity really to be able to take up our guidance on the IET orders. And as you said correctly, now it stands at a range of 14 billion to 14.5. And it really plays out in three areas as you look at the activity level. The first is LNG. You've seen that LNG continues to be robust. And there's been a number of projects that have moved forward. As you saw this quarter with the uptake of the Venture Global Agreement, also with the ADNOC gas and the Ruiz facility. So continuing to see good uptake on the LNG side. And we've booked $4.8 billion of LNG equipment orders. And we still expect more in the fourth quarter. And very pleased to see also the uptake in the electrification and the electric motor being used from our brush division as well. So one is LNG.  The second, we continue to see strength in the onshore offshore production. And that's trending better than expected. And we also expect to see a good fourth quarter with the larger FPSO orders. And that continuing to be a case with the offshore activity. And the last area, new energy, we had a forecast at the start of the year to be at $400 million. We've taken it up to $600 to $700. And you can see that by the end of the third quarter, we're already at $540. We still expect to see orders coming through in the fourth quarter. So feel good about that $6 to $700 million and still remain very confident on the end of the decade being at the $6 to $7 billion. So good overall strength in those three areas from an IET perspective. And because we look out to 2024, we continue to see a pipeline of good project opportunities. And we'll obviously be able to update you further in January. But in the three cases, there's continued strength and a number of opportunities. 
Arun Jayaram: Great. Just to follow up, Lorenzo, slide 6, you give us a full some update on LNG. But I was wondering if you could talk a little bit about the pipeline of opportunities that you see over the next 12 to 18 months, Brownfield versus Greenfield, U.S. Gulf Coast versus international, modular versus stick build. What are you seeing in terms of the emerging pipeline for Baker? 
Lorenzo Simonelli: Yes, it's definitely all of the above. And as you think about LNG, and you think about also the role that natural gas is going to play as a transition and destination fuel, we see that we need an installed capacity of LNG by 2030 of 800 mTPA. We've mentioned that before. And as you look at 23, we've had a good set of FIDs. There's 53 mTPA that's happened of FID. We've obviously booked 80 mTPA because we do get some orders prior to projects going to FID. But we see that continuing as we go into 2024 and also feel good about 65 mTPA of FIDs in 24. And continuing in 25 and 26 at what we stated previously, the rate of 30 to 60 mTPA. And I think when you look at both Greenfield, international, North America, Brownfield, we're seeing activity across the board. I think obviously the US has a unique opportunity with the natural gas reserves that it has and also the associated gas and a number of projects, both Greenfield and Brownfield, [indiscernible] Venture Global have made comments about their activity. That there's some projects in Mexico. There's other new projects that, again, are working towards FID, such as Telurion. So US continuing to be strong. But then also internationally, you see Qatar. You also see, again, Canada. You see the ADNOC of the world. And I think you're starting to emerge with Africa as well. So we remain very positive. And I think at the end of the day, it's all towards that 800 mTPA that we need to have by 2030 to make sure that we meet the energy demands of the world. 
Arun Jayaram: Great. Thanks, Lorenzo. 
Lorenzo Simonelli: Thanks. 
Lorenzo Simonelli: Operator. Justin, next question, please. Operator, can we go to the next question, please?  Operator?. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Luke Lemoine with Piper Sandler. Luke, your line is open. 
Luke Lemoine: Yes, hey, good morning. Hi, Lorenzo. 
Lorenzo Simonelli: Hi, there. 
Luke Lemoine: Hi. 
Lorenzo Simonelli: Sorry about the technical issues. 
Luke Lemoine: All good. Your IET results came in at the top end of the 3Q guide, even with some of the concerns out there about air derivative tightness that could impact IET. I know you've already incorporated this in your guidance and been managing the process pretty well. But could you help us understand and refresh us on what's going on with the air derivative supply chain and how you see this unfolding over the next 12 months, and maybe what the upside could be after this improves? 
Lorenzo Simonelli: Yes, Luke, I'll kick off here and then also let Nancy chime in. And I think we've mentioned it at the start that we continue to navigate a challenging aerospace supply chain. And you will have heard from others that also reported results that this is across the aerospace industry. And we factored this in at the beginning of the year. And we're continuing to monitor it, work closely with the supply chain, and make sure that we mitigate as much as possible any consequences. And we feel good about being able to do that as we go forward. I think it is important to note, when you think about our rotating equipment about one third of the LNG is a derivative, but the other is heavy duty gas turbines, and then also electric motors. And we continue to see robust supply chain availability there. So we're working through it and continuing to keep an eye on it. 
Nancy Buese: Yes, I think what I said this previously is supply chain challenges are certainly contemplated within our 2023 guidance, and will also be considered in 2024. We're still working very carefully with the vendor in terms of timing to improve. And as we start to have a line of sight towards when we'll see those improvements, we'll bake that in. But it is certainly considered in the guidance that we've provided. 
Luke Lemoine: Okay. Perfect. Thank you, guys. 
Operator: One moment for our next question. Our next question comes from James West with Evercore ISI. James, your line is open. 
James West: Thanks. Good morning, Lorenzo and Nancy.
Lorenzo Simonelli: Hi, James.
James West: So hi, Lorenzo and Nancy. I wanted to touch on the horizon strategy. It's something that I know we talked about in September, but you've now laid out kind of a much more detailed kind of view of the three different horizons that you're thinking about. And I was curious how this informs the overall strategy for Baker, how it has informed, and how it is informing strategy going forward, and how you're thinking about it.
Lorenzo Simonelli: Definitely. And we've been working on our strategy and also been monitoring how the energy markets have evolved. And that really has given rise to the free time horizons. And I want to be clear that we've been thinking through this for some time, and now we're starting to really reveal it more and detail it externally. And so as you look at the first time horizon, which goes through 2025, this is really focused on making sure that we enhance the margins, accretion through simplification, efficiencies, operational discipline, optimization of our assets, the people productivity, all of the things that are in our control as we create really an energy technology company and benefiting from the macro tailwinds that we see across our two business segments that we've mentioned before relative to the LNG growth cycle, as well as a multi-year upswing in upstream spending. So that's going to be the key focus during the first horizon. And it will underpin our goals to get to 20% EBITDA margins in OFSE by '25, and also IET by '26. And we'll manage accordingly through that. The second horizon goes out to '27. And this is really shifting a focus to the next phase of growth in new energy and the industrial sectors. We'll have the benefit of the gas tech services growth that will be coming to fruition through the expanded installed base that we have and the opportunity to provide efficiency through our digital applications and also the [indiscernible] cordon to our customers. So driving further margin expansion across the whole company and above our stated 20% EBITDA margin targets for the two segments and also exceed our ROIC targets beyond the 15% and 20% in OFSE and IET respectively. And then as you get to 2030, you're starting to see the initial signs of this is really the new energy. And we mentioned the orders 3Q year-to-date at 540, but by the time we get to 2030, $6 billion to $7 billion in orders and really the new energy frontiers of CCUS hydrogen, clean power, geothermal, and the opportunity for really helping with decarbonization solutions, which become a critical component to what we think is the energy transition as we go through that. And so emissions management will be a key factor. And this really lays out the way in which we're executing towards the free horizons and really focused on that operational discipline associated with it. 
James West: Okay, right. Makes sense. And then maybe just a quick follow up Lorenzo on the new energy side. Obviously orders this year have been much stronger than last year. You're already likely to blow through your target here for this year. With the DOE recently, you announced the hydrogen hubs program or announced the awards, the hydrogen hubs. And I'm curious kind of what you're seeing new energy, broadly, but maybe more focused on hydrogen in particular, just given that there's a lot of activity in hydrogen today. 
Lorenzo Simonelli: Definitely, James. And look, we're very pleased with the way in which the new energy orders are coming in. And as you've said, we've taken up our target for 2023. And we expect to be between six to $700 million. And one important aspect is this is equipment that we're producing today. And it comes from the existing Baker Hughes technology stack. And so we're continuing to also invest in new areas of the energy transition. And when you look at the policies that are coming on stream, you look at era, you look at in the United States, you look at what Europe has done. And as you mentioned, most recently, the DOE awarded $7 billion of grants to seven hydrogen hubs in the United States. That opportunity is actually coming faster than we anticipated and is growing. And we feel good about being able to differentiate ourselves. And in hydrogen in particular, we've got a long history in hydrogen. You've seen the successes that we've had with air products in being able to provide them technology associated with the hydrogen facilities. And we expect that to continue. And with these new hydrogen hubs, we've got the opportunity to, again, extend our opportunity with the equipment that we can provide them. So feeling good that hydrogen is going to be an area of focus for Baker Hughes as we continue going forward. 
James West: Got it. Thanks, Lorenzo. 
Lorenzo Simonelli: Thanks, James.
Operator: Thank you. We apologize for the technical difficulties. [Operator Instructions] One moment for our next question. Our next question comes from Neil Mehta with Goldman Sachs. Your line is open. Neil, your line is open. Please ensure you're not muted. One moment. One moment for our next question. Our next question comes from Scott Gruber with Citigroup. Your line is open. 
Scott Gruber: Good morning. I want to ask about the 20% EBITDA margin target for IET. Consensus currently stands at about 16.2% for next year. I realize you restructure the business, but just looking at going from 16% in '24 to 20% in two years or so, it's a big jump. Can you just provide some more color on the drivers of margin expansion in the segment and your overall confidence level in achieving the 20% by '26? 
Nancy Buese: Yes, sure. It's a great question, giving how strong the pipeline is in order since we really published our margin targets last September. I would say the biggest driver is the mix of the mix, and that's really the headwind, and that's sort of the variable to our EBITDA target. So while we continue to expand the install base, that's sort of pushing the services revenue as a percentage of the margin targets. And we've said publicly that service is in a much higher margin than the equipment. So when you think about the things we're doing to drive to that 20% margin, it's really a continued progress on our cost-out and transformation process at the segment level, thinking how we can be leaner, how we can operate more efficiently. You'll also see improvement in the industrial tech margins, and the supply chain and chip shortages really continue to normalize in that space. And then certainly Gas Tech services is slower to ramp in the impact this year of the continued aviation supply chain issues, which we believe will start to abate in 2024. And then the other piece to remember is that we have been absorbing additional R&D costs as we think about the investments we're making into climate tech for the back half of the decade. So all of those things together with a very strong top-lying growth allow us the past and to see the transparency around how we get to the 20% margin. But we are confident in our ability to attain those margins, and we will continue to work for more, but we definitely see line of sight towards the 20%. 
Scott Gruber: Appreciate that. And just as we think about going from '24 to '25 to '26, is it a linear expansion, Nancy, or because of the mixed headwind with all the equipment growth, is the margin expansion a bit more back-weighted with more expansion going from 25 to 26 than what we'll see from '24 to '25? 
Nancy Buese: Yes, I think you'll see a gradual ramp up, but it will be a little bit lumpy, and the part we can't necessarily predict is the pace of the equipment orders and where the services revenue will pop in. So I would say you'll continue to see a trajectory up and to the right. It's hard to say exactly where those bigger gains will occur, but we will continue to provide line of sight of that with our guidance. 
Scott Gruber: Okay. Appreciate the color. Thank you. 
Operator: Thank you. One moment for our next question. Our next question comes from David Anderson with Barclays. Your line is open. 
David Anderson: Great. Thanks, Nancy. I'm just going to stick with you if we could, please. I want to ask you about the backlog conversion on the Gas Tech equipment side. Last quarter, there was a little bit slower. It seems like you righted it this quarter. If I look kind of overall compared to last year, which like conversion will be something like 45% compared to 2022 yearend backlog. Just wondering how we should think about this trending over the next year or two. Are you doing things internally that should speed up backlog conversion? But the other hand, I also think that there's a mix of orders and how that includes conversion rate might kind of change that a little bit. Can you talk about how you see that progressing? 
Lorenzo Simonelli: Dave, I'll take this one. Look, as you can imagine with the intake of orders that we've had, we've been working on making sure that we've got lean processes and kaizans in the different manufacturing shops that we have. And we feel very good about the ability to take on the additional orders and also turn it around from a cycle time perspective and also from a conversion. You won't see that dramatic a change. Again, if you look at the large LNG projects, they normally take between 18 to 24 months from the intake out to the actual installation. And so that will remain the case. But definitely we're focused on making sure that we're meeting the customer commitments. 
David Anderson: Great. Thank you. And Lorenzo, you made a statement earlier that you said that there's a growing consensus that the energy transition taking longer is more complex than many expected. We saw Shell just announced yesterday that they're pulling back from some of their CCS side. BP is kind of pivoting away as well. You, as you highlighted, you're in a way to benefit either way, EIT. But I'm just wondering if you have any kind of change and kind of longer term views. Do you think that LNG and upstream business now has longer runway than you initially thought? And also if you could kind of unpack some of those complexities that you've talked about in technology of kind of what's driving that. Interesting statement you wrote in the release as well.
Lorenzo Simonelli: Dave, look, we definitely see that the transition is complicated. We've always said that. And I think there was an eagerness that it should happen overnight. There's an energy supply that needs to be given to the growing population and also the developing world that needs to be there. And we're going to see in parallel the continuation of the use of oil and gas. And we're going to see it continuing to be cleaner as well with the adoption of CCS, the adoption of emissions management.  And what we're mentioning here is that the reality is, I think, becoming known that it's going to take some time and it's going to be more gradual, but it doesn't change the destination. And I think ultimately we're going towards a low carbon economy and everybody's focused on that. And we're going to see growing activity across both of our business segments associated with that. So again, we're in a, I think, unique position where irrespective of the speed of the transition, we have the opportunity to benefit. 
David Anderson: Understood. Thank you. 
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] One moment for our next question. Our next question comes from Kurt Hallead with Benchmark. Your line is open. 
Kurt Hallead: Hey, good morning. 
Lorenzo Simonelli: Hi, Kurt. 
Kurt Hallead: Hey, Lorenzo, I just wanted to maybe follow on to some of the early questions around the new energy business and kind of outline the growth opportunities on a number of different occasions. And you made a reference a little bit earlier to, the fact that you have, existing technologies that are going to be used to kind of tap into that market. So you got a 10X kind of growth profile and order intake over the course of the next, seven years or so. are you confident and comfortable in what you can deliver internally? Do you have to invest a substantial amount to maybe, execute on that six to seven billion? I just want to get a sense from you as to how you think about that. 
Lorenzo Simonelli: Yes, Kurt. And actually, we have been investing. And I think as you've seen the associated R&D expenditures increase this year and, we are preparing for that six to seven billion and feel very comfortable. And it's not just within the compression space. It's also within the turbo expander base. And you look at net power, for example, and we're obviously linked closely with them. And we see that as a big growth opportunity in the future with regards to clean power generation, hydrogen, and again, application of our compression. You look at our gas turbines that we already have that can be, that are hydrogen ready. So I actually think we've got a large complement of the equipment either already ready to go or already in research and development with the aspect of the associated engineering that's taking place. And we're seeing the flow of orders and also pipeline opportunities come about. And that's just further reinforced with era. It's further reinforced with some of the European policies and also what you're seeing in the Middle East. So many, many opportunities as we go forward and feel comfortable with that 6 billion to 7 billion and also our opportunity to convert on it. 
Kurt Hallead: Okay. Appreciate that color. And then maybe follow up for Nancy on capital allocation. How do you gauge the preference between dividend and share repurchase? 
Nancy Buese: Yes. So at this point, how I would think about it is we've committed to the 60% to 80% of returns back to shareholders. The dividend will structurally go as the business goes and we'll work to increase the dividend over time. How I would think about the share buyback is it'll be opportunistic to get somewhere in that 60% to 80% range. So that will be the opportunistic add on to the dividend. Our sincere goal is as we get more structure, stability, linearity in the business, we'll be able to grow that dividend over time and especially as we pivot away from the cyclical nature of certain parts of the business and more to sexual, secular growth. So that's the goal, but we still remain very committed to the 60% to 80% return to holders. 
Operator: One moment for our next question. Our next question comes from Marc Bianchi with TD Cowen. Your line is open. 
Marc Bianchi: Hi. Thank you. I think you had mentioned an expectation for solid upstream spending growth next year. There's some investor concern that maybe mid-teens or even double digits might be a stretch for international spending. Could you just comment on how you're seeing the outlook if you think that that mid-teens is achievable or any other puts and takes to be thinking about? 
Lorenzo Simonelli: Yes, again, if you look at this year, we've said international spending at mid-teens. And as we look into next year, it's going to be double digit. And as you look at offshore activity continues to be robust. And if you think of Latin America with Brazil, Guiana continuing to see the uptick, also West Africa. And if you look at the Middle East and the spending that's anticipated on the D&C side, again, with the plans that have been announced by the various national oil companies, we still feel good about the double digit in next year activity. 
Marc Bianchi: Okay, that's great. Thanks, Lorenzo. The other question I had was on LNG service. So you laid out the growing installed base and what that could mean for the service opportunity. Can you talk about how much of Gas Tech services today comes from LNG service so we could just get a sense of what that growth could mean for the business? 
Lorenzo Simonelli: Yes, as you look at our services business, and again, LNG accounts for about 35% of also the service. We have services transactional on all of our onshore, offshore applications as well as our installed equipment in the other areas of downstream pipeline, etc. But on the LNG specifically about 35%. 
Marc Bianchi: Okay, great. Thank you very much. I'll turn it back. 
Operator: Thank you. That concludes the question and answer session. Again, we sincerely apologize for the technical difficulties experienced on today's call. Thank you for your participation in today's conference. This does conclude the program. You may now disconnect.

===== 2023 Q2  (2023-07-19 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good day, ladies, and gentlemen. Welcome to the Baker Hughes Second Quarter 2023 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session, and instructions will follow at that time. As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded. Id now like to introduce your host for todays conference Mr. Jud Bailey, Vice President of Investor Relations. Sir, you may begin.
Jud Bailey: Thank you. Good morning everyone, and welcome to the Baker Hughes second quarter 2023 earnings conference call. Here with me are our Chairman and CEO, Lorenzo Simonelli; and our CFO, Nancy Buese. The earnings release we issued earlier today can be found on our website at bakerhughes.com. We will also be using a presentation with our prepared remarks during this webcast, which can also be found on our website -- investor website. As a reminder, during the course of this conference call, we will provide forward-looking statements. These statements are not guarantees of future performance and involve a number of risks and assumptions. Please review our SEC filings and website for a discussion of the factors that could cause actual results to differ materially. As you know, reconciliations of operating income and other GAAP to non-GAAP measures can be found in our earnings release. With that I will turn the call over to Lorenzo.
Lorenzo Simonelli: Thank you, Jud. Good morning, everyone, and thanks for joining us. We were pleased with our second quarter results and remain optimistic on the outlook for 2023. As you can see on slide four, we maintained our order momentum in IET and SSPS. We also delivered strong operating results at the higher end of our guidance in both business segments, booked almost $150 million of New Energy orders and generated approximately $620 million of free cash flow. Turning to slide five, growing economic uncertainty continues to drive commodity price volatility globally. However, despite lower oil prices over the first-half of the year, we maintain a constructive outlook for global upstream spending in 2023. Market softness in North America is expected to be more than offset by strength in international and offshore markets. As we have said previously, we expect this spending cycle to be more durable and less sensitive to commodity price swings relative to prior cycles. This is due to strong balance sheets across the industry, disciplined capital spending that is based on low asset break evens and a focus on returns versus growth. We are seeing this in North America where, despite the decline in WTI prices, IOCs and large independent E&P companies have yet to deviate from development plans. It is also evident in international and offshore markets, where we continue to see steady activity increases from NOCs and IOCs and production discipline from large producers. Outside of the upstream markets, we remain optimistic on the LNG outlook, with solid demand growth this year led by Europe and Asia. In fact, despite a 50% decline in LNG prices over the first-half of the year, contracted long-term offtake agreements of over 45 MTPA are slightly above contracting levels over the same period in 2022. The continued strength in long-term LNG contracts has been a key driver of the momentum in industry FIDs, which have now totaled 53 MTPA so far this year. This includes the recent FIDs for Phase 1 of Next Decades 17.6 MTPA Rio Grande project and QatarEnergys 16 MTPA North Field South project. Based on the continued development of the LNG project pipeline, we still expect the market to exceed 65 MTPA of FIDs this year and should see a similar level of activity in 2024. We continue to see the potential for this LNG cycle to extend for several years with a pipeline of new international opportunities expanding project visibility out to 2026 and beyond. As we have stated consistently, we fully expect natural gas and LNG to play a key role in the energy transition as a baseload fuel to help balance against intermittent renewable energy sources. We believe the expanding pipeline of LNG opportunities is tied to the growing recognition of this reality and that the transition will take more time and must be financially viable. As we highlight on slide six, Baker Hughes unique portfolio enables us to weather a choppy macro environment. We have a diverse mix of long and short cycle businesses with leading technologies that play across value chains within todays energy and industrial complex, and are well positioned to play a leading role into the future. In addition to the earnings and cash flow durability of our portfolio, we continue to drive actions to optimize our corporate structure and drive higher margins and returns. While reducing costs is one lever, we are also fundamentally re-wiring the organization to simplify reporting lines, eliminate duplication, and taking measured steps to upgrade our financial reporting systems. We believe this will lead to more standardization, increase automation, and provide greater real-time information and analytical capabilities around our business performance. We have now completed the actions required to achieve the first $150 million of our cost-out target by the end of 2023 and believe there are additional opportunities for further cost reductions in 2024 and beyond. As we continue to redesign our organization and install new processes and systems, our goal is to drive continued cost productivity, with the ultimate objective of exceeding 20% EBITDA levels for each business segment over the next few years. As we work to optimize our organizational structure, we are also focused on capitalizing on favorable market trends across both business segments in the near-term, as well as the long-term. In the near-term, both IET and OFSE are well positioned to capitalize on multiple growth vectors, most notably the multi-year upstream growth cycle in international and offshore, the wave of LNG sanctions expected through this decade, and the New Energy opportunities that utilize our existing core technologies. Longer term, we believe that our unique portfolio positions us well to capitalize on the Energy Transition, which is driving fundamental changes to the energy landscape, our customer base, and how they operate. Given our position as a strategic supplier for both subsurface and surface solutions, our portfolio is increasingly aligned to our customers capital allocation decisions, and provides a unique vantage point as we work with them on planning and developing the next generation of energy projects. Turning to slide seven, Baker Hughes portfolio and our customer relationships have never been stronger. Since 2017, we have significantly enhanced our size and scale in key regions like the Middle East, as well as our relationships with key customers. By selling a range of solutions that includes LNG, power generation, and compression solutions for onshore and offshore production applications, and integrated solutions for well construction and production, we are able to offer capabilities that uniquely position us for today and the future. Today, our wide range of core competencies are being utilized in select areas like deepwater projects, where we provide power generation and compression for FPSOs, in addition to subsea equipment and flexible risers. We are also seeing growth opportunities through further investment in natural gas value chains, increasing investment in New Energy, and higher demand for integrated solutions. Some of these unique and emerging solutions play to our strengths as they combine subsurface capabilities with highly engineered surface technologies that also layer in digital offerings across the scope of work. As we look to the future, it is clear that almost all energy companies are transitioning, and while the pace of change may differ, the direction of travel is clear. We believe that as the need to decarbonize becomes more widespread, the demand for integrated solutions across these areas will grow. In fact, we are in the early stages of collaborating with key customers on a range of future opportunities that leverage our unique set of technologies for New Energy applications. For example, in CCUS we can evaluate and drill reservoirs for CO2 storage and provide CO2 compression expertise. Other solutions include geothermal power, where we drill geothermal wells and provide steam turbines, and blue ammonia projects, where we provide ammonia and CO2 compression solutions, as well as the drilling and monitoring of CO2 storage wells. Overall, I am extremely excited about the multitude of new opportunities developing for solutions that leverage our unique portfolio. We believe, combining these growth opportunities with our business transformation objectives provides attractive upside for our margins and returns going forward. Turning to slide eight, I will provide an update on each of our business segments. In Oilfield Services & Equipment, we continue to be encouraged by the multi-year cycle unfolding in international markets, particularly in offshore basins. With approximately 70% of our OFSE business internationally focused, and around 40% exposed to offshore, we remain well positioned to benefit from these market dynamics. On a regional basis, we are experiencing strong growth in most areas, with particular strength in Latin America and the Middle East. We see no change to the pace of activity across international markets and continue to see promising signs in markets such as West Africa and the Eastern Mediterranean. One area that continues to lag is the North Sea, where U.K. fiscal uncertainty is hampering developments. In North America, the market continues to trend softer on lower oil and gas prices. However, the impact of price volatility in the first-half of the year has largely been limited to the activity of private operators and in gas basins. Our OFSE business in North America is production-levered and the majority of our customer base is made up of major oil companies and public E&Ps, which have yet to deviate from plans laid out at the start of the year. This portfolio and customer mix results in a business that is generally less volatile than fluctuations in North America activity and rig count. This resiliency was evident during the second quarter, where our OFSE North America revenue was modestly higher despite a 15% sequential decline in the North America rig count. Within our OFSE product lines, we continue to experience strong growth across the portfolio, which was led in the second quarter by Completions, Intervention & Measurements. We also continue to develop new technologies for the CIM portfolio with innovations like SONUS, the industrys only acoustic set liner hanger system, which can cut the time taken to set a liner hanger from hours to minutes. In Production Solutions, we continue to see solid growth in artificial lift globally. During the quarter, we had early commercial success with our recently acquired AccessESP technology, winning two awards with key customers in the Middle East. The AccessESP system offers an efficient alternative to conventional ESP installations without the need for a heavy workover rig, which reduces time, costs and emissions while boosting well performance. In Subsea & Surface Pressure Systems, we continue to experience positive order momentum. We booked a major award during the second quarter with Eni for the Baleine field offshore Ivory Coast, providing eight subsea trees and three Aptara manifolds. Operationally, we are encouraged by the early success of repositioning the Subsea Projects & Services business to focus on selected key markets with a leaner cost base. While top line trends for OFSE remain strong and should maintain strong momentum into 2024, we remain equally committed to translating higher revenue growth into higher margins and returns. For 2023, this will translate into double-digit revenue growth and an expansion of EBITDA margins by 150 basis points to 200 basis points. In IET, we saw another excellent quarter commercially, with $3.3 billion in orders, maintaining the strong momentum from the first quarter. Gas Tech Equipment achieved $1.6 billion in orders, driven by multiple areas, including almost $900 million of LNG awards in the quarter. In LNG, Baker Hughes booked an order for three Main Refrigerant Compressors for NextDecades Rio Grande LNG project in Texas. Baker Hughes will supply Frame 7 turbines paired with centrifugal compressors across Rio Grandes first three LNG trains in a parallel configuration arrangement, providing more operational flexibility. In Onshore/Offshore Production, we were pleased to be awarded a major order from MODEC to supply gas technology equipment for Equinors BM-C-33 project in the Brazilian pre-salt Campos area. Baker Hughes will be providing turbomachinery equipment for the FPSO, including LM2500 gas turbine and steam turbine generators, for a combined cycle power generation solution to reduce the projects carbon footprint. Combined cycle solutions are an important trend in the offshore oil and gas industry, as they enable the reduction of overall FPSO carbon emissions. Baker Hughes expects to reduce carbon emissions by more than 20% for this project versus similar open cycle FPSOs with the same power demand. On the New Energy front, we booked over $100 million of orders in the quarter in IET, including multiple orders for Air Products to support its Louisiana Clean Energy Complex. These awards included vertical centrifugal pumps for ammonia loading, compression trains for CO2 storage, and a subsurface study undertaken by OFSE to assess the capacity of the reservoir. In addition to the Louisiana project, we also received an award for hydrogen compression equipment for Air Products New York Green Hydrogen facility. IET also saw increased traction in the growing blue ammonia space. During the quarter, IET secured multiple orders in the Middle East, including awards to supply syngas and ammonia compressor trains and centrifugal pump trains. Orders in our Industrial Technology businesses maintained strong momentum in the second quarter with 8% growth year-over-year led by Pumps, Valves & Gears, and Inspection. In our Condition Monitoring business, we secured an agreement to deliver asset protection and monitoring hardware, software, and services for a floating LNG project offshore Malaysia. The scope includes Bently Nevadas Orbit 60 condition monitoring system, Ranger Pro wireless monitoring systems, System 1 software, and cyber security enhancements, as well as end-to-end project management support and services. On the operational side, Industrial Tech also continues to benefit from volume and margin improvements in Condition Monitoring and Inspection, as chip shortages and supply chain issues gradually abate. Although there is still work to do, profitability in Industrial Tech is experiencing a solid recovery that we expect to continue over the course of 2023. IET is also making solid progress on its strategic initiatives around digital and growing outside its traditional customer base into new markets. We received our first major award for Cordant from a large ammonia producer in the Middle East in the first quarter, delivering an integrated suite of solutions for asset performance management, process optimization and digitally enabled services through IETs iCenter. Building on this award, during the second quarter, we signed a long-term Multi-Maintenance Program contract where we will be providing maintenance planning, project management, and resident engineering on site for the customers current fleet of steam turbines and centrifugal compressors. This contract demonstrates the full range of capabilities and complementary services of our IET Digital and Gas Tech Services portfolio, providing a blueprint for expanding our digital platform with new and existing customers. Overall, we are pleased with the continued momentum in IET this year. With a record RPO that now exceeds $27 billion, we expect to generate strong revenue growth over the next few years that will be accompanied by strong margin improvement and higher returns. I would also like to spend some time on slide nine to highlight Baker Hughes 2022 Corporate Sustainability Report, which was published during the second quarter, and shows that the company is on-track to meet its Scope 1 and 2 net-zero emissions goal by 2050. The report also outlined Baker Hughes progress toward driving more sustainable operations through improved performance in its ESG metrics. Baker Hughes continues to strive for a diverse and inclusive workplace, as people are at the heart of any companys progress. Fresh perspectives, unique experiences and innovative ideas are critical to driving competitiveness going forward. To this end, Baker Hughes has enhanced its reporting with over 20 new metrics to help drive more transparency and was recognized for attracting, retaining, and developing talent. As one of the first companies in the industry to announce a net-zero emissions goal, we continued to push forward with reducing our Scope 1 and 2 emissions, which have declined by 28%, compared to our 2019 baseline year. We are also now reporting on 10 categories of Scope 3 emissions. Against the backdrop of a challenging and complex global energy environment, I am proud that while we continue supporting our customers on their energy transition journeys, we have not lost sight of our goal to operate in a responsible and more sustainable way. Overall, I remain very excited on the outlook for Baker Hughes and confident we will execute on all the growth opportunities across our business, as well as the structural changes we are implementing across our organization. With that, I will turn the call over to Nancy.
Nancy Buese: Thanks, Lorenzo. I will begin on slide 11 with an overview of total company results and then move into the segment details and our forward outlook. We were very pleased with our second quarter results, which exceeded the high-end of our adjusted EBITDA guidance range, included another quarter of strong orders in both business segments, and exceeded our expectations on free cash flow. We are excited with the operational momentum we have at Baker Hughes and the growth opportunities ahead, as well as the progress we are making in removing costs and transforming how the business operates. As we execute on these growth opportunities, we are laser focused on improving our margins and return profile as the company grows. Orders for both business segments maintain strong momentum with total company orders of $7.5 billion in the second quarter, up 28% year-over-year and driven by an increase in both IET and OFSE. Remaining Performance Obligation was $31 billion, up 5% sequentially. RPO for the company is at record levels and provides strong volume and earnings visibility over the coming years. OFSE RPO ended at $3.5 billion, while IET RPO ended at $27.5 billion. Our total company book-to-bill ratio in the quarter was 1.2. IET book-to-bill was 1.3, which marks eight consecutive quarters of IET book-to-bill above 1. Revenue for the quarter was $6.3 billion, up 25% year-over-year, driven by increases in both segments. Operating income for the quarter was $514 million. Adjusted operating income was $631 million, which excludes $117 million of restructuring and other charges. Adjusted operating income was up 23% sequentially and up 68% year-over-year. Our adjusted operating income rate for the quarter was 10%, up 100 basis points sequentially. Year-over-year, our adjusted operating income rate was up 250 basis points. Adjusted EBITDA in the quarter was $907 million, up 16% sequentially and up 39% year-over-year. Adjusted EBITDA margin rate of 14.4% increased by 70 basis points sequentially and 150 basis points year-over-year, due to increased volume leverage, pricing and our cost optimization and simplification efforts. Corporate costs were $97 million in the quarter, down $3 million sequentially and $11 million year-over-year, driven by the realization of savings related to our corporate optimization process. For the third quarter, we expect corporate costs to be roughly flat, compared to second quarter levels. Depreciation and amortization expense was $276 million in the quarter. For the third quarter, we expect D&A to be roughly in line with second quarter levels. Net interest expense was $58 million. Income tax expense in the quarter was $200 million. GAAP earnings per share was $0.40. Included in GAAP earnings per share were $156 million of other income, primarily related to net gains from the change in fair value for certain equity investments, all of which are recorded in other non-operating income. Adjusted earnings per share were $0.39. Turning to slide 12, we generated strong free cash flow in the quarter of $623 million, up $426 million sequentially, driven by higher adjusted EBITDA and strong collections in IET. Year-over-year, our free cash flow is up $476 million. First-half free cash flow conversion from adjusted EBITDA was 49% and we are very pleased with the teams performance so far this year, as the process changes we are implementing continue to drive better working capital performance. On the back of strong first-half performance, we now expect free cash flow conversion from adjusted EBITDA for the full-year to be in the range of 45% to 50%. Driving the improvement in our free cash flow expectations is stronger working capital performance and higher IET orders. We continue to prioritize a strong balance sheet with total debt of $6.6 billion and net debt of $3.8 billion, which is 1.1 times our trailing 12-months adjusted EBITDA. We have around $650 million of senior notes maturing in December 2023 and we will most likely refinance this debt based on market conditions. Turning to slide 13 and capital allocation. We maintained our quarterly dividend at $0.19 per share and also repurchased 3.6 million Class A shares for $99 million at an average price of $27.66 per share. Our capital allocation philosophy prioritizes a strong balance sheet, adequately reinvesting in our business from both a CapEx and R&D perspective, and targeting free cash conversion from adjusted EBITDA in excess of 50% on a through-cycle basis. From there, we expect to return 60% to 80% of our free cash flow back to shareholders through dividends and share repurchases. Turning to slide 14, as Lorenzo mentioned, we have executed all actions necessary to achieve our $150 million cost-out target by the end of 2023 and believe there are additional opportunities for further cost reduction in 2024 and beyond. We view this initial round of cost actions as the first step in a much larger operational and margin optimization process, which we expect to unfold over the next couple of years. For this next step, we have identified several areas to improve operating efficiency and cost structure through a more simplified organizational design, improving our processes and systems. As we execute on the next phase of this journey, our ultimate objective is to drive EBITDA margins for each business segment above 20%. Now I will walk you through the business segment results in more detail and give you our thoughts on the outlook going forward. Starting with Oilfield Services and Equipment on slide 15, the segment performed above expectations in the quarter, driven by stronger revenue and margins in SSPS and stronger growth across International OFS markets. SSPS orders also maintain strong momentum as offshore project sanctioning continues at robust levels. Partially offsetting these areas of strength was lower-than-expected profitability out of our chemicals business. While chemicals did see sequential margin improvement during the quarter, we still have more work to do in order to get margins in line with historical levels, but are confident that we can get there by the end of the year. OFSE orders in the quarter were $4.2 billion, up 2% sequentially and up 24% year-over-year. Subsea & Surface Pressure System orders were $1.1 billion, up 48% year-over-year driven by a number of awards, including a major subsea tree order from Eni offshore Ivory Coast, and a number of Flexibles orders. For the first-half of 2023, SSPS orders are up 54% year-over-year. OFSE revenue in the quarter was $3.9 billion, up 8% sequentially and up 20% year-over-year. International revenue was up 10% sequentially driven by growth in all regions, with notable strength in Europe, CIS, SSA and Middle East, Asia. North America revenue increased 5% sequentially, driven primarily by growth in SSPS. Excluding SSPS, international revenue was up 12% sequentially and North American revenue was down 1%, solidly outperforming rig count in both regions. OFSE Operating Income in the quarter was $417 million, up 12% sequentially and up 68% year-over-year. Operating income rate was 10.8%, with margin rates up 40 basis points sequentially. On a year-over-year basis, operating income rate has increased 310 basis points. OFSE EBITDA in the quarter was $636 million, up 10% sequentially and up 35% year-over-year. EBITDA margin rate was 16.4%, with margins increasing 20 basis points sequentially and 190 basis points year-over-year. Sequential margin rates were impacted by a higher mix of SSPS equipment revenue, while the year-over-year improvement in margin rates was driven by higher volume, price improvements and our cost-out efforts in SSPS. If we move to slide 16, IET performed above expectations in the quarter despite lower-than-expected backlog conversion from Gas Technology Equipment. The stronger segment performance was primarily due to higher margin rates, which was driven by strength in Industrial Technology revenues and margins, as well as stronger growth in Gas Technology Services. IET also had another very strong quarter for orders driven by LNG and Onshore/Offshore awards. IET orders were $3.3 billion, down 7% sequentially and up 33% on a year-over-year basis. Gas Technology Equipment orders of $1.6 billion in the quarter were up 87% year-over-year. Major awards during the quarter included equipment for the Rio Grande LNG project, as well as FPSO equipment for the BM-C-33 project in Brazil. Gas Technology Services orders of $790 million in the quarter were flat year-over-year. Industrial Technology orders of $880 million were up 8% year-over-year, driven by growth in most product lines, as well as the acquisition of Quest Integrity, which was partially offset by the disposition of Nexus Controls. RPO for IET ended at $27.5 billion, up 4% sequentially. Within IET RPO, Gas Tech Equipment RPO was $11.4 billion and Gas Tech Services RPO was $13.9 billion. Turning to slide 17, revenue for the quarter was $2.4 billion, up 34% versus the prior year. Gas Tech Equipment revenue was up 80% year-over-year, driven by execution of project backlog. Gas Tech Services revenue was up 21% year-over-year, driven by growth in both upgrades and transactional services, and accounting for impacts related to our exit from Russia during the second quarter of 2022. Excluding these impacts, Gas Tech Services revenue was up 7% year-over-year. Industrial Tech revenue was up 9% year-over-year driven by growth in all product lines, as well as the acquisition of Quest, partially offset by the Nexus Controls disposition. We are pleased to see the supply chain and chip constraints that have negatively impacted this business begin to abate, helping to drive revenues and profitability higher. Operating income for IET was $311 million, up 32% year-over-year. Operating margin rate was 12.8%, down 20 basis points year-over-year. IET EBITDA was $363 million, up 28% year-over-year, driven by increased volume. EBITDA margin was 14.9%, down 80 basis points year-over-year, driven by higher equipment mix and approximately $15 million of higher R&D spend year-over-year related to New Energy investments. As communicated previously, as part of our broader New Energy strategy, we are increasing our R&D spend to enhance existing core technologies and developing some of the early-stage technologies we have in CCUS, hydrogen and clean power. So far this year in IET, we have spent around $40 million of incremental R&D for New Energy investments and we expect R&D expense to be modestly higher in the second-half of the year. Turning to slide 18, I would like to update you on our outlook for the two business segments. Overall, we feel optimistic on the outlook for both OFSE and IET with solid growth tailwinds across each business, as well as continued operational enhancements to help drive backlog execution and margin improvement. For Baker Hughes we expect third quarter revenue to be between $6.4 billion and $6.6 billion and EBITDA between $930 million and $990 million. For the full-year, our outlook remains unchanged, and we are raising the low-end of our guidance range following our strong performance in the first-half, and better visibility for the back half of the year. We now expect revenue to be between $24.8 billion and $26 billion and EBITDA between $3.65 billion and $3.8 billion. For OFSE, we expect third quarter results to reflect growth in international markets and a decline in North American activity, but still expect sequential improvement on both revenue and EBITDA. We therefore expect third quarter revenue for OFSE between $3.8 billion and $4 billion and EBITDA between $635 million and $695 million. Factors driving this range include the pacing of some international projects, activity in the U.S. land market, backlog conversion in SSPS and the pace of our cost-out initiatives. For the full-year 2023, our outlook for OFSE remains unchanged with international and offshore growth helping to offset second-half softness in North America. We now forecast OFSE revenue between $15.1 billion and $15.7 billion and EBITDA between $2.5 billion and $2.7 billion. Factors driving this range include the pace of growth in various international markets, activity in North America, continued improvement in Chemicals, the pace of backlog conversion and restructuring initiatives in the SSPS segment, and our broader cost-out initiatives. For IET, we expect third quarter results to reflect strong year-over-year revenue growth as we execute our backlog for Gas Technology Equipment, as well as continued solid revenue growth for Industrial Technology. We therefore expect third quarter IET revenue between $2.45 billion and $2.75 billion and EBITDA between $355 million and $415 million. The major factors driving this range will be the pace of backlog conversion in Gas Tech Equipment, the level of R&D spend related to our New Energy investments, and the impact of any supply chain delays in Gas Tech Equipment and Services. Our full-year outlook for IET remains constructive for orders, revenue, and EBITDA. For orders, we have increased our 2023 expectations by $1 billion to a range of $11.5 billion to $12.5 billion. We feel confident in meeting the upper end of the revised range and see the opportunity to exceed the high-end depending on the timing of certain large projects. We expect full-year revenue for IET between $9.65 billion and $10.35 billion and EBITDA between $1.4 billion and $1.6 billion. The largest factors driving this range will be the pace of backlog conversion and any impacts associated with supply chain delays. Other factors include foreign currency movements and the level of R&D spend related to our New Energy investments. Lastly, we are lowering our expected tax rate range by 250 basis points. Before I turn the call back over to Lorenzo, I wanted to make everyone aware that Jud Bailey will be moving on from the Investor Relations role at the end of this month to become our new VP of Business Development. Replacing Jud is Chase Mulvehill, who is joining Baker Hughes from Bank of America, and started here with us earlier this month. I would like to congratulate Jud on his new role and welcome Chase to Baker Hughes. With that, I will turn the call back over to Lorenzo.
Lorenzo Simonelli: Thank you, Nancy. I would also like to welcome Chase to Baker Hughes and wish Jud well in his new role. Turning to slide 19, Baker Hughes remains committed to delivering for our customers and our shareholders. We see exciting growth opportunities across our portfolio, as well as opportunities to drive higher margins and returns through the simplification and optimization of our organizational structure. Through these initiatives, our goal is to exceed the 20% EBITDA margin targets in OFSE and IET, as well as the ROIC targets in both businesses of 15% and 20% respectively. And finally, we continue to focus on generating strong free cash flow and returning 60% to 80% of this free cash flow to shareholders, while also investing for growth across our world class business. With that, I will turn the call back over to Jud.
Jud Bailey: Thanks, Lorenzo. Operator, lets open the call for questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] And our first question coming from the line of James West with Evercore. Your line is open.
James West: Hey, good morning, Lorenzo. Good morning, Nancy.
Lorenzo Simonelli: Hey, James.
James West: So Lorenzo, I think, at least myself and many others understand, kind of, what's happening in the oilfield service part of the business, but the IET has been a nice surprise here, particularly this quarter, but also the big $1 BILLION increase in the range of orders for this year. Could you perhaps go through what you're seeing there? Is that just an acceleration in the business? Is it some of the acquisitions coming together? I mean, what's the key driver to this -- the better performance that we're seeing and expected better performance with better orders?
Lorenzo Simonelli: Yes, sure, James. And as you correctly stated, we did raise the guidance from an IET order perspective this quarter by $1 billion. And if you look at what we've consistently said this year, we've seen a large pipeline of opportunities for IET. And that's been robust and the visibility is improving both for this year and also the next few years. So whereas at the start of the year, we had some conservatism based on project timing that can move around. We've now seen that solidify. And as we see the year play out, we see higher opportunities across several areas. And let's start off with LNG, which obviously we were announcing some FID activity in the quarter, but also continue to see a number of projects that can come to FID through the rest of this year, but also going into next year as well. And I was just up at Vancouver with LNG 2023, and I can say that the customer discussions are very robust and there's a clear understanding that natural gas and LNG is going to play a key role as a base load for the energy mix going forward. But also on the offshore/onshore production and we've seen strength in the offshore activity. You've seen some of the announcements there on the FPSO sites, and then on the new energy orders, and we've already met our full-year guidance in the second quarter. We're starting to see some opportunities in the back half as well. So overall confident not only on the order momentum for this year, but also going into 2024.
James West: Got it. And then I did want to follow-up on the new energy orders, because you're already at a level that I think -- I believe on pace at least to double last year, because you already above last year's full-year orders. What are the key kind of components of new energies that are driving that order momentum?
Lorenzo Simonelli: Yes. I'm very pleased with the way in which we're progressing on the new energies and you know, we booked about $150 million of new energy orders in 2Q bringing the first-half as you said correctly above the $400 million target. And as we look at the rest of the year, we think we could be at $600 million to $700 million of new energy orders. And predominantly, it's around the attributes of CCUS projects and also hydrogen. And what I'm pleased about is that its really taking the whole portfolio of capabilities we have existing today in Baker Hughes. You all have seen that we announced the combined cycle technology. We also announced ammonia, blue ammonia that's gaining traction. And also on the subsurface side with our oilfield services equipment and being able complete a study there. So it's great to see the continued momentum utilizing existing Baker Technology, as we continue to invest in the future technology as well. And I just think it speaks to the portfolio that we have.
James West: Alright. Well, great. Thanks, Lorenzo.
Lorenzo Simonelli: Thanks, James.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question coming from the line of Arun Jayaram with JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Arun Jayaram: Hey, good morning Lorenzo. I was wondering if you could discuss what type of visibility do you have in IET order strength into 2024? You mentioned that you expect more than 65 MTPA of LNG FIDs this year with a similar amount in 2024? Do you think that you can keep up this robust pace of IET orders next year?
Lorenzo Simonelli: Yes, Arun. And look, definitely, as you look at 24 and 25, we know we've had a strong 23 and 23 is going to be as strong as 22. Just as you look at the updated guidance as well by increasing $1 billion to the $11.5 billion to $12.5 billion. And we don't see a material decrease in 24 or in 25. I look at the LNG FID outlook, the offshore outlook, and the growing opportunities in New Energy. And we think that orders could remain near the updated 2023 guide for the next couple of years. LNG in particular is showing strength and look, I think we remain positive on the near-term, but the long-term prospects. What I've seen happen is definitely an appreciation for natural gas going to be a clear aspect of the energy mix. We've always said it's a transition and destination fuel and the best way obviously to transport the natural gas is either through pipeline or through LNG. And we've seen a number of opportunities internationally start to solidify for also 25 and 26. And that's what I'm focused on at the moment is continuing to build that good pipeline. And I think we're in for a good couple of years.
Arun Jayaram: Great. And maybe my follow-up is for Nancy. Nancy, you raised the low-end of your full-year EBITDA guide. Orders were strong. You raised your IET order guide by a $1 billion. Maybe some thoughts on the 3Q guide, midpoints 960, the streets, just a hair above that. Just thoughts on 3Q guide and some of the assumptions behind that?
Nancy Buese: Yes. And thanks for the question. I mean, we've really started giving guidance at the beginning of 2023. And our goal has been to give you a range for the quarter and for the year and give you the factors that could impact that to the plus or to the minus of the midpoint. So we're going to keep doing that. And our line of sight for Q3 is based on what we see ahead of us on both sides. I would say on IET, Gastech Services has performed well. Industrial Tech has exceeded our expectations. But also Gastech revenue has -- equipment revenue has come in lower as backlog conversion has been a little slower. So our guidance for Q3 reflects where we'll head with that. And then also, we've mentioned that our R&D spend for IET is a little bit heavier in the back half of the year. So you see that come through in Q3. And then on the OFSE side, I would say international is tracking better than forecast. FSPS has performed well. But in Q3, we're really starting to watch North America and whether that weakens and just watching that, although we have seen good offsets from the international side. So those are some of the factors we're looking at. But from a macro perspective for Q3 the guide is really around where we think we'll land given all those moving factors in the background.
Arun Jayaram: Thanks a lot. Bye.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question coming from the line of Marc Bianchi with TD Cowen. Your line is open.
Marc Bianchi: Hi, thanks. I first wanted to ask on the cost reductions that you've put in place I think there's an expectation that there's some more to come on that. When should we be expecting you to update the market on that? And maybe you could talk to in a little more detail what those might look like.
Nancy Buese: Yes. Thanks very much, Marc. How I would describe it is we've been really pleased with the success of the program throughout the course of this year. We've gone through the initial round of cost actions, and it's a solid start towards really transforming our -- the core of our business. And so what we've done at this point is we've completed the actions in the first-half of the year that will create that $150 million of run rate savings that will all be in effect by the end of the year. There is more work to do, and I'll talk a little bit about some of the categories, but how I would think about it going forward is we have done a lot of cost out. We're also changing the way we work in terms of efficiencies. And so how we think the best way to continue to think about that is actually seeing it in the margins. So you'll see corporate costs over time start to come down and you'll just see that efficiency run through the margins. There will be some investments over time as we upgrade our systems. And so we want to try to make sure that the net savings are just coming through in the margin profile. But as we get deeper into the execution on ongoing phases, we will provide more of a time frame and when you'll see those and how you'll see those. But at high level, I would say there's three main focus areas for this next transformation section. The first is really optimizing our organizational design and structure. We've gone through the work of simplifying from four product companies to two segments, but we think there's much more to do. The second is in process improvement and just internalizing better efficiency, operational efficiency, changing some habits and behaviors to improve all of that. And then the third piece is really focused around upgrading our financial and operating systems. So lots of work ahead, but we are pleased with where we are today, and you will continue to see those coming through the margin profile.
Lorenzo Simonelli: And Marc, I would just say we've always communicated that this is a multiyear journey, which has various aspects to it. And obviously, through the time that we've created Baker Hughes, we've been through a lot, and now we're really simplifying the business. And given the separation activities that have now stopped, it's really an opportunity for us to rationalize across the -- and optimize.
Marc Bianchi: Thank you. Thank you, Lorenzo. My next question is just on the margins for OFSE. If I look at the midpoint margin guide for the year that's, kind of, implied by the revenue and EBITDA ranges. The midpoint is up about 140 basis points, but I think you're talking about 150 basis points to 200 basis points of margin expansion as the expectation. Could you just reconcile that for me.
Lorenzo Simonelli: Yes. Just, Marc, I think when you referenced the 150 basis points to 200 basis points, that's specific to our SSPS business, and that's a component of what we're seeing in oilfield services and equipment.
Marc Bianchi: Got it. Got it. Thank you very much. Ill turn it back.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question coming from the line of Scott Gruber with Citigroup. Your line is now open.
Scott Gruber: Yes, good morning.
Lorenzo Simonelli: Hi, Scott.
Scott Gruber: I'm curious about how we should think about pricing gains within traditional OFS relative to any cost inflation that you're seeing as we get deeper into the recovery here. Is cost inflation starting to rear Ted? Is it much of an issue today in terms of keeping a lid on OFS incrementals? Or should we start to see nice net pricing gains later this year into 24 as contracts roll within traditional OFS?
Lorenzo Simonelli: Yes, Scott. In terms of pricing, I'll break it down. The environment in North America has leveled off, and we're hearing some of the customers requesting discounts, particularly in the more commoditized markets like pressure pumping. However, we continue to expect pricing for our technology in North America to hold up in this environment, and we remain firm on pricing. Internationally, we're continuing to see good traction given the strong activity levels and tightness in the market from a supply chain standpoint. That being said, it will take some time for it to flow through from an earnings standpoint and given the longer-term nature of the contract structures in the international markets. But again, still feeling we're in a constructive outlook.
Scott Gruber: Got you. So as we think about OS incrementals next year. First, I would, kind of, think about a simple approach, kind of looking at similar incrementals and then layering on top of a full year of cost savings -- are the pricing gains on the international side of the business, which is much bigger than your domestic business. Do you think theres sufficient gains there that incrementals can be even better than just, kind of, similar to this year plus a full-year of cost savings, especially if you're going to get some additional cost savings. Are you going to see kind of a double bump to the incrementals next year?
Nancy Buese: Yes. I would say on the whole, for that part of the business, we do expect to see good incrementals. I think there's still a lot of macro conditions, so it's a little bit soon. But from a cost-out perspective and efficiency perspective, we are expecting certainly better incremental. So we'll continue to provide guidance as we go along, but that would be our expectation at this time.
Scott Gruber: But do you think there'll be more net pricing benefit in 24 versus 23 or kind of similar?
Nancy Buese: I think it's a little hard to say at this point. I think it's a little bit early for us to seeing the macro backdrop, but we hope so. So we'll keep our eyes peeled for that.
Scott Gruber: Okay, thanks for the color. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question coming from the line of Neil Mehta with Goldman Sachs. Your line is now open.
Neil Mehta: Yes. Thank you so much. The first question, Lorenzo, there's been a lot of talk obviously on the offshore development pace and the FIDs that we're seeing there, it's been a key driver of relative performance in the energy sector. So I'd love to hear your perspective on how conversations are developing with offshore customers? And where do you see Baker having the most leverage as we look out over the next couple of years?
Lorenzo Simonelli: Yes, for sure. And as you said correctly, offshore continues to be strong. And if you look at it from a tree count perspective, obviously, there's been over 200 tree awards and the market is on track to exceed 300 for the second consecutive year. In fact, we believe that offshore is entering a period of sustained higher activity which could support those tree awards in excess of 300 trees for the next two to three years. We're encouraged. We are also very pleased with the way in which we've taken on our business and restructured it and recentered it around certain key regions and also key customers. You've seen the recent awards of Belen, Agogo in West Africa. So we're going to participate in the markets like Eastern Mediterranean, Middle East, and Southeast Asia, which are getting a lot of traction. So I agree with you. We remain confident on the outlook for the second half of the year and also into 2024. And we're monitoring a number of potential awards to further increase our backlog.
Neil Mehta: Thanks, Lorenzo. And the follow-up is for Nancy. And it goes on to -- continuous conversation around sort of improving the financial plumbing of the organization. And you saw that in the free cash flow conversion to start the year. So Nancy, you alluded to some processes that you've put in place to improve free cash flow conversion? Can you provide the market with a little more detail on what those are? And what are the other low-hanging fruits to drive that number higher?
Nancy Buese: Yes. I think I would simplify it to say there's really three things we're focused on. We're focused on revenue, which is obviously going quite well. We're really focused on EBITDA margins, and we've still got work to do there and we're focused on free cash flow and the conversion rate, which you are starting to see. So a lot of that also is centered around our working capital and our cycle. So we're really thinking about our billing and collection cycle, our inventory turns and management and all of the bits and pieces. So it starts with transparency of the reporting. So we've been working a lot on that front and then a lot of good discussion with our teams about where do we need to focus on sort of that relentless pursuit of operational excellence. So that's what you're really seeing come to roost. And there's still quite a lot for us to do. I think we can improve our systems, just the history of the company, created a lot of bits and pieces that weren't necessarily talking to each other as well as they could. And we've started to really focus on how to improve those systems, integrations, and interfaces to get information and data that our teams and leaders can use to manage more effectively. So lots of work ahead, but you are starting to see some of the benefits of a laser focus on some of those key metrics that really matter. And as we've said, you'll see that flow through the margins as we become more efficient over time.
Neil Mehta: Very clear. Thank you, both.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question coming from the line of David Anderson with Barclays. Your line is now open.
David Anderson: Good morning, Lorenzo. Just circling back to the mix in gas tech equipment orders. Overall, you raised the guide by about $1 billion for the year, yet you kept LNG kind of outlook roughly the same. So what was the incremental change there? Is that from the offshore side? You have the FPSO order there? I know the new energy side, but can you just kind of talk about what was that change for the incremental $1 billion in there?
Lorenzo Simonelli: Yes. So it takes, Dave, a number of factors into account. First of all, there's project timing on the LNG side, and we still feel that there's the opportunity for some LNG projects to come in there. So that is a component of the $1 billion extra. But also on the offshore side, we're seeing strength in the marketplace and the activity there. And then you've got the obvious increase in the new energy. So you put those three together, and that really accumulates. And I'd say the last area is on the industrial side, we are seeing continued momentum come through as there's a pickup there in the industrial tech.
John Anderson: Okay. And then just shifting over to your Middle OFIC business. It was another -- it was a great quarter there. You had 9% sequential growth. You have a really strong completions business over there, particularly in Saudi. I was wondering, is that a driver of the improvement? Or was that your drilling product lines? I know you also talked about ESPs. I don't know if it's all of the above, but was there something kind of that changed during the quarter that drove that performance?
Lorenzo Simonelli: It's really the work that the team has been doing in concentrating on the customer activity and also the service performance, and we've been reaping the rewards through incremental business with our customers. So in line with the strategy that we had and also good execution by the team.
John Anderson: Okay, great. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. One moment for our next question. And our next question coming from the line of Luke Lemoine with Piper. Your line is open.
Luke Lemoine: Hey, good morning. Lorenzo, you've reiterated the outlook that LNG FIDs this year and next, should be 65 MMPAs, but could you add some more specificity on what you see for 25 and beyond?
Lorenzo Simonelli: Sure. And look, I think you've seen the number of projects that are out there. And when you think about both internationally and also within the U.S., you've got a number of brownfield opportunities you've seen the announcement by Cheniere looking to do an expansion. As you look at 24 and 25, you've got a number of extensions on brownfield projects activities and coming out of the LNG 2023 meetings last week in Vancouver, a lot of dialogue on the continued need for LNG. And we stay very much with the view that we're going to need in excess of 800 MTPA by 2030. And given some of the environment and situation in the marketplace, we're seeing that pull forward with these FIDs coming in sooner. So it's really a multiyear cycle where we see consistency in LNG FIDs. And you know the projects as well as I do. You've got opportunities from Cameron to Port Arthur to different elements of Commonwealth. You've got Tellurian, you've got a number of projects out there that are imminently looking at FIDs as we go forward.
Luke Lemoine: Right. Got it. Thanks a bunch.
Lorenzo Simonelli: Thanks.
Operator: Thank you, ladies, and gentlemen. That was our last question, ladies and gentlemen. Thank you for participating in today's conference. This does conclude the program. You may all disconnect.

===== 2023 Q1  (2023-04-19 09:40:00) =====
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Baker Hughes Company First Quarter 2023 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session, and instructions will follow at that time. As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded. Id now like to introduce your host for todays conference Mr. Jud Bailey, Vice President of Investor Relations. Sir, you may begin.
Jud Bailey: Thank you. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to the Baker Hughes first quarter 2023 earnings conference call. Here with me are our Chairman and CEO, Lorenzo Simonelli; and our CFO, Nancy Buese. The earnings release we issued earlier today can be found on our Web site at bakerhughes.com. We will also be using a presentation with our prepared remarks during this webcast, which can also be found on our Investor website. As a reminder, during the course of this conference call, we will provide forward-looking statements. These statements are not guarantees of future performance and involve a number of risks and assumptions. Please review our SEC filings and website for a discussion of the factors that could cause actual results to differ materially. As you know, reconciliations of operating income and other GAAP to non-GAAP measures can be found in our earnings release. With that, I will turn the call over to Lorenzo.
Lorenzo Simonelli: Thank you, Jud. Good morning, everyone, and thanks for joining us. We were pleased with our first quarter results and remain optimistic on the outlook for 2023. As you can see on Slide 4, we maintained our strong order momentum in IET and SSPS. We also delivered solid operating results at the high-end of our guidance in both business segments, booked almost $300 million of new energy orders and generated approximately $200 million of free cash flow. Turning to Slide 5. While 2023 has already started off with some macro volatility, we remain optimistic on the outlook for Energy Services and Baker Hughes. Our diverse portfolio features long-cycle and short-cycle businesses that position us well to navigate any periods of variability that may occur across the energy sector. Despite the elevated recession risk for major developed economies, we expect the supply-demand balance in the global oil markets to gradually tighten over the course of the year. Factors driving this include China's economy recovering, non-OECD demand continuing to grow and OPEC+ remaining proactive in maintaining adequate and stable oil price levels. We expect this macro backdrop to still support a double-digit increase in global upstream spending in 2023 with multiple international projects being executed and the offshore development pipeline growing. We continue to believe current environment remains unique with a spending cycle that is more durable and less sensitive to commodity price swings relative to prior cycles. Factors driving this extended cycle include financially stronger operator balance sheet, disciplined capital spending focused on returns versus growth and IOCs and NOCs that are balancing modest production growth with longer-term investments in new energy. Another notable characteristic of this cycle is the continued shift towards the development of natural gas and LNG. As the world increasingly recognizes the crucial role natural gas will play in the energy transition, serving us both a transition and destination fuel, the case for a multi-decade growth opportunity in gas is steadily improving. This is driving operators of all sizes to dedicate more spending towards natural gas development as well as LNG projects and associated infrastructure. We are seeing the early stages of this shift through a step-up in the exploration and development of gas reserves in regions like Africa, the Middle East and the Eastern Mediterranean. We are also seeing the introduction of new technologies and entrance into the LNG sector more broadly as well as an evolution in contracting structures for LNG offtake volumes. For these reasons, LNG project sanctioning activity has gotten off to a strong start in 2023 with 20 MTPA already reaching FID and other projects likely to soon follow. Contrary to conventional wisdom, we believe that recent declines in global LNG prices from the unsustainably high levels reached last year is a net positive for the sector by supporting demand growth in key developing markets and bringing closer alignment on LNG pricing expectations between buyers and sellers. Based on conversations with existing and new customers, we see the potential for this LNG cycle to extend for several years with a pipeline of new international opportunities expanding project visibility out to 2026 and beyond. We remain confident that we will see 65 to 115 MTPA of LNG projects reach FID in 2023 and continue to see solid project activity in 2024 and 2025. In addition to capitalizing on the commercial opportunities presented by this favorable macro backdrop, our primary focus for Baker Hughes in 2023 is transforming the company operationally and positioning it for the future of the energy markets. This includes executing on our previously stated cost-out initiatives, which Nancy will talk about in more detail and reshaping the company into two strategically managed business segments with a leaner corporate function. We have done a lot of work evaluating our entire organization these last few months, and the changes we are driving will enable faster decision making and allow us to operate as a leaner, more simplified organization. It will take time to reach our ultimate goals, but I strongly believe that the work we are undertaking this year will lay the foundation for consistently better operating results and higher returns in the future. Turning to Slide 6. I will provide an update on each of our business segments. In Oilfield Services and Equipment, despite recent volatility in oil and gas prices, we remain positive on the outlook for a multi-year cycle, with growth trends clearly shifting in favor of international and off-shore markets. With approximately 70% of our OFSE business internationally focused, we are well-positioned to capitalize on these unfolding market dynamics. Geographically, multiple regions are poised for strong growth this year, led by the Middle East and Latin America, where the pipeline for both shallow water and deepwater growth opportunities becoming more visible. In other markets like, West Africa and the Eastern Mediterranean, offshore activity is also improving with multi-year drilling programs starting to come into focus. In North America, activity has been seasonally weaker to start the year as expected with a high likelihood of further softness as activity and gas basins responds to recent natural gas price weakness. However, with roughly 55% of our North American business comprised of artificial lift and production chemicals and a customer mix weighted towards the majors and large independents we expect our portfolio to perform relatively well in the current environment. Within our OFSE product lines, we continue to see the strongest growth and performance in our well construction product line, which is supported by the leading technologies in our drilling portfolio. Our completions, intervention and the measurement product line also continues to perform well and will be further improved by the recently closed acquisition of Altus Intervention. Altus will complement our existing intervention solutions business and add new technology that can be scaled into new geographic markets. In Production Solutions, we continue to see incremental improvements in our chemicals business as supply chain constraints ease and profitability continues to normalize. Our Singapore facility will soon be fully operational and we remain on-track for margins in the Chemicals business to return to historical levels by the end of this year. Another positive development for our Production Solutions business is the recent announcement of Leucipa, which is a platform-agnostic digital solution. This software enables the automation of field production, connecting artificial lift, fluids and chemicals and removing unnecessary costs and manual processes, which will ultimately drive enhanced production. We also recently announced a collaboration with Corva, a third-party digital solution that improves well construction efficiency, further enhancing OFSE's digital capabilities. In our Subsea and Surface Pressure Systems product line, the demand outlook continues to strengthen. During the first quarter, we booked a major award to provide equipment and services for the Agogo field offshore Angola. We will be providing 23 subsea trees and 11 Aptara manifolds, representing our largest subsea tree order in almost five years. As we reposition the Subsea Projects and Services business to focus predominantly on a few key markets, we see a robust pipeline of opportunities building and anticipate further order momentum for this year and beyond. For our flexible business within SSPS, we expect orders to remain strong in 2023 after a record year in 2022 given robust demand, conversion cycles are lengthening in the business with limited excess capacity until 2025. On the operational front, the integration of SSPS into our OFSE segment and restructuring of the business continues to progress well. In line with the capacity rationalization for SSPS that we disclosed last quarter, we are in the process of decommissioning and right-sizing multiple manufacturing sites. Our focus is now shifting to the surface pressure control business, where we see similar opportunities to right-size capacity, integrate supply chain and engineering, and localizing key growth markets, particularly the Middle East. As a reminder, these steps are in addition to the cost savings gains from removing management layers and will largely come into effect in 2024. For 2023, we continue to expect OFSE to deliver double-digit revenue growth and for EBITDA margins to expand by 150 basis points to 200 basis points as activity increases in multiple regions and self-help initiatives in key areas are executed. Moving to IET. We saw another excellent quarter commercially, continuing on the strong momentum from the end of 2022. Gastech equipment booked a number of LNG awards in the quarter, totaling almost $1.4 billion with continued progress across our world-class franchise. The recent decline in energy prices have had virtually no impact on our discussions in terms of timing or the pipeline of opportunities with project cycle times that can last eight to 10 years from the initial planning phase to final commissioning, operators take a long-term view for LNG project development and look through near-term commodity price fluctuations. During the first quarter, we were pleased to be awarded a major order to supply two main refrigerant compressors for the North Field South project, which will be executed by Qatar Gas. The MRCs are part of two LNG mega trains, representing 16 MTPA of additional capacity that is estimated to further boost Qatar's LNG's production capacity to 126 MTPA by 2027. Also during the quarter, Baker Hughes was awarded an ordered by Bechtel to supply two MRCs for Sempra Port Arthurs LNG Phase 1 project in Jefferson County, Texas. Baker Hughes will supply gas turbine and centrifugal compressors across two LNG trains, for a nameplate capacity of approximately 13 MTPA, as well as two electric motor driven compressors for the plants boosting services. Baker Hughes was also awarded an order by Black & Veatch to deliver two LM9000 driven compressor trains for the PETRONAS LNG facility in Sabah, Malaysia. PETRONAS specifically selected the LM9000 gas turbine technology for the two MTPA FLNG facility to reduce complexity, maximize efficiency and minimize footprint, while lowering CO2 emissions compared to other technologies in its class. On the new energy front, we booked almost $250 million of orders in the quarter in IET, including contracts to supply CO2 compression solutions for multiple FPSO projects in Brazil. The six gas turbine-driven compression streams will each reinject more than one MTPA of CO2 into oil reservoirs, enhancing production rates and reducing emissions. We were also pleased to book an order for centrifugal pumps and hydraulic powered recovery turbines for Air Products blue hydrogen project in Edmonton to enable CO2 capture during the auto thermal reforming process. This award is another example of how Baker Hughes and Air Products continue to collaborate to drive the hydrogen economy forward. During the quarter, we also announced an agreement with HIF Global, the world's leading e-fuels company to cooperate on the development of technology for direct air capture. HIF Global intends to test Bakers Hughes Mosaic technology to capture carbon dioxide for direct air capture and combine it with the green hydrogen to produce e-fuels. Orders in the Industrial Technology businesses will maintained strong momentum to start 2023 with double-digit growth year-over-year across all product lines, led by some of the hydrogen-related awards in pumps, valves and gears. In our Condition Monitoring business, we saw notable awards in the Middle East and in Europe, which featured the full suite of our capabilities in monitoring, sensing and asset health across multiple sectors. On the operational side, Industrial Tech also continues to benefit from volume and margin improvements in condition monitoring and inspection as chip shortages and supply chain issues gradually abate. Although, supply chain functionality and operational performance is still not back to where we would like, we are seeing steady progress that we expect to continue over the course of the year. In IET Digital, Cordant, our recently launched integrated suite of solutions is seeing some initial success. We are pleased to be collaborating with BP (ph) on further defining and developing Cordant for asset performance management and process optimization. BP will deploy 1 PM in select locations across its Gulf of Mexico production assets, where Baker Hughes currently has a large installed base of rotating equipment, controls and associated digital services. The companies will look for opportunities to expand this collaboration across other regions in the future. Overall, we are pleased to see strong momentum for IET continue into 2023, with a record backlog of $26.5 billion and a robust pipeline of new order opportunities in LNG, onshore/offshore production and new energy. Based on our strong first quarter and the growing pipeline of project opportunities, we are increasingly confident that IET orders for 2023 are likely to meet or potentially exceed the high end of our guidance range of $10.5 billion to $11.5 billion. Before I turn the call over to Nancy, I'd like to spend some time on the commitments Baker Hughes is making in the areas of sustainability and ESG. As many of you know, we are one of the first companies in the energy sector to commit to a 50% reduction in Scope 1 and Scope 2 emissions by 2030 and to be at net zero by 2050. To help achieve these goals, we are empowering Baker Hughes employees to remove carbon from our products and operations as we better integrate our carbon out program. We are also intently focused on developing our own scope-free emissions reduction road map and expect to have more news to share on this area later this year. Overall, I feel confident in the structural changes we are executing at Baker Hughes and our positioning to capitalize on the multi-year upstream spending cycle, the ongoing wave of LNG investments and the acceleration in new energy opportunities. With that, I'll turn the call over to Nancy.
Nancy Buese: Thanks, Lorenzo. I will begin on Slide 8 with an overview of total company results and then move into the segment details on our forward outlook. Total company orders for the quarter were $7.6 billion. Year-over-year, orders were up 12%, driven by an increase in OFSE, partially offset by a slight decline in IET. Sequentially, orders were down 5%, driven by industrial and energy technology, partially offset by an increase in oilfield services and equipment. We are again extremely pleased with the orders performance in the quarter as we maintained strong momentum across both segments. Remaining performance obligation was $29.6 billion, up 7% sequentially. OFSC RPO ended at $3.1 billion, up 20% sequentially, while IET RPO ended at $26.5 billion, up 5% sequentially. Our total company book-to-bill ratio in the quarter was 1.3 times. IET book-to-bill was 1.7 times. Revenue for the quarter was $5.7 billion, down 3% sequentially and up 18% year-over-year, driven by increases in both segments. Operating income for the quarter was $438 million. Adjusted operating income was $512 million, which excludes $74 million of restructuring and other charges. Adjusted operating income was down 26% sequentially and up 47% year-over-year. Adjusted EBITDA in the quarter was $782 million, down 17% sequentially and up 25% year-over-year. Our adjusted EBITDA rate for the quarter was 13.7%, down 240 basis points sequentially and up 80 basis points year-over-year. Corporate costs were $100 million in the quarter. For the second quarter, we expect corporate costs to be roughly flat compared to first quarter levels. Depreciation and amortization expense was $269 million in the quarter, driven by the closing of multiple acquisitions in the fourth quarter of 2022. For the second quarter, we expect D&A to be around $280 million, with the increase driven by the acquisition to Altus Intervention. Net interest expense was $64 million. Income tax expense in the quarter was $179 million. GAAP earnings per share was $0.57. Included in GAAP earnings per share were $392 million in gains from the change in fair value for certain equity investments, all of which are recorded in other non-operating income. Adjusted earnings per share were $0.28. Turning to Slide 9. We maintained a strong balance sheet with total debt of $6.7 billion and net debt of $4.2 billion, which is 1.4 times our trailing 12 months adjusted EBITDA. We generated free cash flow in the quarter of $197 million, down sequentially, driven by lower adjusted EBITDA. Year-over-year, our free cash flow is up $302 million. For the second quarter, we expect free cash flow to improve sequentially, primarily driven by higher earnings and stronger collections. We continue to expect free cash flow conversion from adjusted EBITDA to be in the low to mid-40% range for the year and anticipate the majority of our free cash flow to be generated over the second half of the year. Turning to Slide 10 and capital allocation. We maintained a quarterly dividend of $0.19 per share and we did not repurchase any stock during the first quarter. Despite slowing down our buyback pace from last year, as we closed and began integrating multiple small acquisitions, we remain committed to returning 60% to 80% of our free cash flow back to shareholders with a priority of increasing our regular dividend over time. Turning to Slide 11. As Lorenzo mentioned, we continue to make progress with our $150 million cost-out target and expect all actions necessary to achieve these savings to be completed by the end of the second quarter. The majority of these savings will come from direct structural cost reductions as we consolidate the former four product companies into two business segments. These actions drive a smaller executive leadership function, the removal of duplicative spending and an overall leaner corporate structure. During the first quarter, we benefited from approximately $15 million of cost-out related to the consolidation into two business segments. The balance of the identified savings will come from additional headcount reductions and more efficient cost measures related to the streamlining of multiple support and corporate functions across the organization. We expect to realize the full benefit of these initiatives by the end of the year. Based on progress to-date and areas of opportunity that we have found, we have good line of sight to exceeding our initial $150 million target. Working through this process, we have identified additional areas to remove excess layers, decentralized key functions and standardize key operating processes that will result in significant additional cost savings. Although, we have not yet quantified the additional cost-out savings, we plan to have all the work completed on any additional restructuring by the end of the second quarter and to realize the full cost-out benefit by the end of the year. Now I will walk you through the business segment results in more detail and give you our thoughts on the outlook going forward. Starting with Oilfield Services and Equipment on Slide 12. Orders in the quarter were $4.1 billion, up 10% sequentially and up 25% year-over-year. SSPS orders were $1.2 billion, up 60% year-over-year, driven by an increase in subsea tree awards across multiple regions. Most notably, we received a large subsea equipment order from ENI for Agogo Phase 3 and an SPC order in the Middle East. OFSC revenue in the quarter was $3.6 billion, flat sequentially and up 19% year-over-year. On a sequential basis, the seasonal decline in the traditional Oilfield Services businesses was offset by an increase in SSPS revenue, driven by the timing of backlog conversion. International revenue was up 1% sequentially, driven by Latin America up 10%, and Europe, CIS, SSA, up 1%, offset by Middle East, Asia down 2%. North America revenue decreased 4%. Excluding SSPS, international revenue was down 3% sequentially and North America revenue was down 1%. OFSC operating income in the quarter was $371 million, down 11% sequentially and up 75% year-over-year. Operating income rate was 10.4%, down 120 basis points sequentially and up 330 basis points on a year-over-year basis. OFSC EBITDA in the quarter was $579 million, down 6% sequentially and up 33% year-over-year. EBITDA margin rate was 16.2%, with margins decreasing 100 basis points sequentially, primarily due to seasonality in the services business, lower cost productivity and a higher mix of SSPS revenue converting during the quarter. Year-over-year EBITDA margins were up 180 basis points. If we move to Slide 13, IET orders were $3.5 billion, down 18% sequentially and down 1% on a year-over-year basis. Gas Technology equipment orders in the quarter were down 9% year-over-year. Major awards during the quarter included equipment for Qatar's North Field South LNG expansion and Sempra's Port Arthur LNG Phase 1 project, as well as compression equipment for CO2 reinjection for multiple FPSOs in Brazil. Gas Technology Services orders in the quarter were up 5% year-over-year, driven by strong upgrades and transactional services. Industrial Technology orders were up 16% year-over-year with all sub-segments delivering double-digit orders growth. RPO for IET ended at $26.5 billion, up 5% sequentially. Within IET RPO, Gas Tech Equipment RPO was $10.5 billion, and Gas Tech Services RPO was $13.6 billion. Turning to Slide 14. Revenue for the quarter was $2.1 billion, up 18% versus the prior year. Gas Tech Equipment revenue was up 52% year-over-year, driven by the execution of project backlog. Gas Tech Services revenue was up 2% year-over-year, driven by transactional services, offset by the discontinuation of our Russia operations. Industrial Technology revenue was up 4% year-over-year. Inspection and condition monitoring revenue was up year-over-year, while PBG, PSI and Nexus Controls were down year-over-year. Operating income for IET was $241 million flat year-over-year. Operating margin rate was 11.3%, down 200 basis points year-over-year. IET EBITDA was $297 million, up 2% year-over-year. EBITDA margin was 13.9%, down 210 basis points year-over-year. Higher volume was offset by higher equipment mix and higher R&D spending related to new energy investments. Turning to Slide 15. I'd like to update you on our outlook for the two business segments. Overall, we remain optimistic on the outlook for both OFSC and IET with solid growth tailwinds across each business as well as continued operational enhancements to help drive backlog execution and margin improvement. For Baker Hughes, we expect second quarter revenue to be between $6.1 billion and $6.5 billion and adjusted EBITDA between $845 million and $905 million. For the full year, our guidance remains unchanged. However, with the strong performance in the first quarter and positive outlook for the second quarter, we now believe that adjusted EBITDA is trending between the midpoint and the upper end of the guidance range of $3.6 billion to $3.8 billion. For OFSC, we expect second quarter results to reflect growth in International markets and softness in North America, but still see sequential improvements on both revenue and EBITDA. We expect second quarter revenue for OFSC between $3.65 billion and $3.85 billion and EBITDA between $590 million and $650 million. For the full year 2023, we remain positive on the outlook for OFSC. International activity is tracking in line with our expectations, but we now expect North America D&C spending to increase in the low-double digits in 2023, which is lower than the mid to high-double digit growth expectation that we communicated in January. Despite the weaker outlook in North America, our full year outlook for OFSC remains unchanged, with revenue between $14.5 million and $15.5 billion and EBITDA between $2.4 billion and $2.8 billion in 2023. For IET, we expect second quarter results to benefit from strong revenue growth year-over-year as we execute on our backlog for Gas Tech Equipment, while Industrial Technology is expected to grow modestly. We expect second quarter IET revenue between $2.35 billion and $2.75 billion and EBITDA between $320 million and $380 million. For the full year, our outlook for IET is a little more constructive as we see positive order momentum continuing and supply chain disruption in both Gas Tech and Industrial Tech gradually improving in line with expectations. For orders, we are maintaining our guidance range that feel increasingly confident in meeting high end of the range and see the opportunity to exceed the high end and potentially match 2022 order levels. As we get more visibility on the timing for select projects, well provide updates during the year. For revenue and EBITDA, our guidance remains unchanged, but with a bias that each could trend above the midpoint of the range. With that, I'll turn the call back over to Lorenzo.
Lorenzo Simonelli: Thank you, Nancy. Turning to Slide 16. Baker Hughes is committed to delivering for our customers and our shareholders. We remain focused on capitalizing on the growth opportunities across OFSE and IET, including LNG and new energy. We continue to invest in R&D to develop our technology portfolio in hydrogen, carbon capture and clean power. We also remain committed to delivering on our cost-out objective by optimizing our corporate structure to enhance our margin and return profile. We continue to target EBITDA margins of 20% in OFSE and IET and increasing ROIC in both businesses to 15% and 20%, respectively. And finally, we continue to focus on generating strong free cash flow and returning 60% to 80% of this free cash flow to shareholders, while also investing for growth across our world-class business. With that, I'll turn the call back over to Jud.
Jud Bailey: Thanks, Lorenzo. Operator, let's open the call for questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] And our first question coming from the line of James West with Evercore ISI. Your line is open.
James West: Hey. Good morning, Lorenzo, Nancy and Jud.
Lorenzo Simonelli: Hey, James.
James West: Lorenzo, I wanted to start quickly on LNG. You talked a lot about it during your prepared remarks. I don't want to belabor the point too much, but clearly, we've hit another momentum point here with a number of -- a good number of awards coming through for you guys, but also a lot of LNG -- FID, excuse me, either happening or about to happen. And so I was curious what you see over the next couple of months as kind of timing and cadence? I know these things are hard to call exactly, but it seems like we kind of pulled forward here. And then as we think out further in the out years, what you see on the two to five-year type of horizon?
Lorenzo Simonelli: [Technical Difficulty] near term and also the long-term prospects for natural gas and LNG. And I think you've seen some of the comments made by the G7 and others that natural gas and LNG has a role to play, not just as a transition, but as a destination fuel. So even though 2022 saw the pace of FIDs slowed down somewhat because of the high interest rates and also the inflation, the customer conversations have continued. And I'm very pleased that we were able to book the Qatar NFS expansion, also Sempra Port Arthur and also some smaller projects in Asia Pacific and West Africa during the course of the first quarter. And there's still several more projects that we're tracking for FID this year. You've seen some of the external press around Rio Grande and what they're expecting from the Fast, et cetera. And so we remain confident that this year, we'll see between 65 MTPA to 115 MTPA of FIDs in '23. And in terms of pipeline of opportunities, they continue to grow as well. I think a good example is Chenieres 20 MTPA expansion that they've communicated at Sabine Pass. And so we're seeing a number of also International projects. So based on what we see today, there's a reasonable expectation that LNG FIDs in '24 could be approaching the same FID levels we see in 2023. Still early call, but there are a number of projects that are moving towards that. And then it continues in '25 and '26, we also see a set of opportunities improving and with the potential for FID ranges between 30 to 60 MTPA each year. So again, the market is very active at the moment, and we like the position that we have and helping our customers.
James West: Fair enough. Okay. Got it. And then on the new energy side, impressive orders this quarter of $300 million, especially compared to $400 million for all of last year. Could you maybe talk to some of the trends you're seeing in those businesses? It's just a function of, okay, we've got the various -- the IRA, the repower EU, all these kind of government programs coming through. And so it's kind of adding some firepower to the market or is it just the natural timing you see when guys are ramping for the transition?
Lorenzo Simonelli: James, I think we are seeing the benefits from some of the legislation, the Inflation Reduction Act that we've discussed before had the potential to pull forward some of this activity. And I'd say, we're very pleased with our progress on the new energy orders. I mean, in the first quarter, you said it, we booked $300 million of orders. A large portion of that $250 million were in IET, large orders around CCUS and Latin America, CO2 compression for multiple FPSOs, two hydrogen awards in North America. So I think it's fair to say that we anticipate that at least in 2023, we should exceed the $400 million guidance we gave. Again, we're looking at the pipeline of opportunities. And over the course of the next three to four years, we think that the energy -- new energy content should be around 10% of our Gas Tech orders. And weve stated previously that we believe that by the end of this decade, new energy orders could be in the range of $6 billion to $7 billion and that would imply about 10% of our Gas Tech orders could accelerate over the course of the last half of the decade. So the overall direction is positive. I think its in line with what weve been saying. We have seen some acceleration. I feel good about our positioning, and also the product capability we have here.
James West: Got it. Thanks, Lorenzo.
Operator: Thank you. One moment for next question. And our next question coming from the line of Arun Jayaram from JPM Chase. Your line is open.
Arun Jayaram: Yeah. Good morning. Lorenzo, I was wondering, if you could provide a little bit more color on what you're seeing in terms of IET orders. You expressed, I believe, confidence now at the upper end of the range and perhaps achieving the $10.5 billion to $11.5 billion order guide, but what is driving the potential upside?
Lorenzo Simonelli: Yeah. Sure, Arun. And let's feel good about IET. And again, we indicated that we should be at the upper end of the guidance range. And you heard some of the comments around LNG, the activity we're seeing there. Also some of the new energy coming through from an orders perspective. So those are elements that clearly help us. We still expect the offshore production to be down after a very strong year in 2022 with the FPSOs. But overall, again, positioning for the upper end of the guide here.
Arun Jayaram: Great. My next question, one of the sources of upside within OFSE was SSPS. I was wondering, Lorenzo, if you could provide maybe some details on some of the self-help initiatives? I know last quarter, you talked about rationalizing some of the capacity. But what are you seeing in terms of the revenue opportunities, synergies, as you've combined OFS with OFE?
Lorenzo Simonelli: Yeah, definitely. And look, we've been indicating that we wanted to rationalize some of our capacity. And as you look at SSPS, we've taken several steps also last -- at the end of last year and beginning of this year to really take out some of our excess capacity on the subsea trees. We've also been rationalizing capacity in Asia, Latin America, outsourcing some of the basic machining that we've typically done in the U.K. And now we're looking also at some of the facilities for SPC consolidating those in the Middle East, which is our primary market for the business. So we think that on the cost-side, we're taking the appropriate actions, and this will be part of the broader $150 million and on top of that relative to some of these actions we're taking OFSE (ph) as we go forward. So on the actual offshore market, again, we've seen some strong momentum. You saw our orders. And again, the highest order rate from a five-year period for the business, and we're seeing good traction in flexibles. So our market momentum is positive at this stage, and we see that continuing also in 2024.
Operator: Thank you. One moment for next question. And our next question coming from the line of Chase Mulvehill from -- with Bank of America. Your line is open.
Chase Mulvehill: Hey. Good morning, everyone.
Lorenzo Simonelli: Hi, Chase.
Chase Mulvehill: Hi, Lorenzo. I guess a first question to you. Back at your annual meeting, you announced a few new digital offerings which included Leucipa in the OFSE segment encoded in the IET segment. So could you speak to how these differentiated digital offerings actually can help you accelerate your digital strategy and how they complement your current digital solutions offering?
Lorenzo Simonelli: Definitely, Chase. And look, I was with a customer yesterday and actually reviewing the opportunity of Leucipa on the OFSE side. And as you know, Leucipa is a cloud-based automated fuel production software solution, really designed to help oil and gas operators proactively manage increased production and reduce carbon emissions. So we're pleased to have Pan American Energy Corp, a leading company in Argentina, as a launch customer and actively talking to other customers also here in North America. We also announced a collaboration with Corva and have a minority investment to improve efficiency in rig operations through analytics, real-time data and visualization. So I'd say we're at the early stages of really being able to provide that suite of capabilities and good customer engagement. On the IET side, you mentioned it correctly, Cordant. Cordant is an integrated suite of solutions really supporting our industrial asset performance management and process optimization. It builds on the broad and established rotating equipment, sensors, valves, pump gears and inspection service domain we have within the space. And Cordant is available today through a modular approach and pleased that we announced the collaboration with BP to further define and develop Cordant and BP is going to be deploying 1 PM in select locations across the Gulf of Mexico production assets, where we have a large installed base of rotating equipment and also associated digital services. In addition, in the first quarter, we won an important contract with a fertilizer customer. And again, the scope of work includes artificial intelligence, machine learning, predictive analytics, and it's really going to be able to help on the OEM physics-based analytics to improve their capability and reaching their production targets. So it's multimillion dollar order, which we're very pleased about and seeing good traction across the digital landscape with the solutions and suites that we have.
Chase Mulvehill: Okay. Awesome. Appreciate the color there. A follow-up maybe for Nancy. You mentioned line of sight of exceeding the $150 million of cost-outs. And I know you plan to kind of have all the work completed by the end of 2Q. So maybe it's a little bit early to ask, but can we -- can you maybe spend a minute or 2 and kind of give us some color around where you see the most opportunity for incremental cost savings across Baker?
Nancy Buese: Yes. Happy too. So we really started this whole project back in September '22, and we've just identified so many ways to think about cost-outs of the organization and really a more efficient operating structure overall. And I would note, in the first quarter, we recognized about $15 million of those cost-outs. So we're starting to see that just simply from the movement of four product companies into the two business segments. So when we think about the cost-outs at the moment, there's -- I think about it in two buckets. The first is, and it's probably two-thirds of the first 150, that's really just simplification and the organization, streamlining the operations. And that allows us to kind of take out some layers, smaller functionality, removal of duplication and just leaner overall at corporate and then also pushing us to what we call a strategically managed business structure and putting the activities closer to the business. I think there's more we can do there as we think about that first bucket of cost-outs. The second is really cost controls and thinking about optimizing all of our support functions and thinking about how we spend our money with technology, external expenses, third-party services and the like. So I think there's opportunities in both ways, and we're going to continue to methodically work through all of it and thinking about how do we centralize activities that need to be at the core, how do we put the right things at the business and then really standardizing some of our key operating processes. So we do think that's going to generate additional savings. So we need to get through this first bit of the cost-out effort, and then we will come back to you with a better signal. So we think theres more there, but its probably too soon to call. And then you heard it right is were working hard to get all this done by Q2, so we can start realizing the savings run rates by the end of 2023.
Chase Mulvehill: Okay. Perfect. Thanks for the color. Ill turn it back over.
Operator: Thank you. One moment for next question. And our next question coming from the line of Scott Gruber with Citi. Your line is open.
Scott Gruber: Yes. Good morning. Questions on the outlook for your North American business within OFSE. Lorenzo, you lowered your year-on-year D&C spend forecast which looks appropriate in light of the onshore drilling activity trending down here and it's likely down, exit to exit. But oil production is still growing in the U.S. It's still growing in Canada, which should drive chemicals growth. And I believe Gulf of Mexico revenues should still be up for Baker this year. I think you can still hold the $1 billion, or so revenue run rate through year-end, even if the land rig count onshore is down?
Lorenzo Simonelli: Yeah, Scott. Look, I think there's certainly a lot of moving parts in the North America market at the moment. And coming into the year, we expected some privates to drop oil rigs early in the year, but that would be gradually offset over the course of the year by the public E&Ps and some majors adding some rigs. The natural gas pricing has been weaker. And so we would expect 30 to 40 rigs also additional to be dropped over the course of 2023. On the oil side, though, we don't see much risk to the oil activity. If we stay at around $80, we should be able to stay level on the rigs and I don't think we'll see much impact unless we start to go below the $70. And then also for the public E&Ps, we don't see much risk to their activity levels until we get to around $60 or below. So a lot that we're continuing to monitor. But to your point, I think it's fair to say that we should be able to maintain that run rate.
Scott Gruber: Good. And then a question on the Middle East, following the OPEC production quota (ph), are you seeing or do you expect to see any impact on your chemical or less sales in the Middle East this year?
Lorenzo Simonelli: Yeah, Scott. Right now, we see no major change really limited in our international outlook and expect international spending to increase in the mid-double-digit range. Again, as you think about the Middle East, the GCC countries, drilling plans for this year are pretty well set along with the procurement of materials and labor. I wouldn't -- I'd be surprised if there was a material deviation from current plans. However, looking into 2024, we'll have to monitor the health of the global economy and also the oil demand. And if OPEC+ cuts wind up being deeper or lasting longer, it could impact the growth trajectory to some degree in 2024, but it's too early to say. And I think you've got to remember that a lot of these customers are looking at production capacity over the long term increasing and have been dedicated to that on the natural gas development. So well monitor the situation, but at this time, limited impact.
Scott Gruber: Okay. Appreciate the color. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. One moment please for next question. And our next question coming from the line of Luke Lemoine with Piper Sandler. Your line is open.
Luke Lemoine: Hey. Good morning. Lorenzo, could you talk a little more about your agreement with HIF for Direct Air Capture with your Mosaic business? And maybe what the time line could be and what the opportunity set you see for Mosaic over the next few years?
Lorenzo Simonelli: Yeah, definitely, Luke. And look, as we've mentioned previously, partnerships are critical to delivering the energy transition. So there's no one company or technology that's going to solve the problem. And partnerships like this that we have with HIF, we think are crucial to be able to demonstrate and showcase the technology. So HIF is a great case where they're developing projects to produce e-fuels by blending green hydrogen and CO2. We, again, are being with them alongside others such as Porsche and also other investments. We're going to be providing them a number of compressors, turbines, pumps, valves and other technology and per facility that's good content for us. We announced during the course of the quarter and intend to cooperate on the development of the direct air capture. And if you look at Mosaic, it's a company that has specialized in metal organic frameworks [indiscernible], which have the potential to capture low concentration CO2. So what we're going to be doing is demonstrating that with a prototype with HIF in 2024 and again, enabling them to start to deploy their e-fuel projects. So feel good about the partnership here and also the opportunity going forward. Its a game changer. Again, if you look at e-fuels because they utilize the same infrastructure thats existing today. And so from an investment level, it can be a nice substitution with a lower carbon footprint.
Luke Lemoine: All right. Great. Thanks, Lorenzo.
Operator: Thank you. One moment for next question. And our next question coming from the line of Marc Bianchi with Cowen. Your line is open.
Marc Bianchi: Hey. Thank you. First question relates to Gas Tech Services. Revenue grew year-over-year here in first quarter, which I think is pretty impressive considering the comparison includes benefit from Russia last year. Maybe you could talk to the year-over-year outlook as we progress through the year? I guess you still have a difficult comparison with Russia in the second quarter, but then that goes away as we get into the back half. Just talk about what we should expect there if you could?
Nancy Buese: Yeah. We're seeing really good growth in the services side of the business, and we do anticipate solid recovery. I would say, we're cautiously optimistic. One of the limiters still is the supply chain recovery, especially on the aviation side. So as we think about the inputs for services, that's still in its recovery phase. But yeah, we're very supportive of where services is going and we anticipate it continuing to move up over the year.
Marc Bianchi: Okay. And presumably, we should see that year-over-year growth rate improve as we get into the back half?
Nancy Buese: Yeah.
Marc Bianchi: Yeah. Okay. Nancy, sticking with you, the share repurchase was -- there wasn't any in the first quarter. You're talking about 60%, 80% return of free cash flow in the year. I'm just curious, is it more about price sensitivity on the stock price? Are there M&A that is being contemplated? Is it just a matter of when to hold on to some more cash because of what's going on in the banking system? Maybe you could just sort of talk to those drivers?
Nancy Buese: Yeah, absolutely, and you have it right. We do still plan to buy back shares at some point this year, and that's all in line with our priority of returning 60% to 80% of our free cash flow back to shareholders. But we have paused for the moment. And you're right, the markets are a little choppy right now. So it's a good time to just be cautious. We've also engaged in quite a bit of M&A activity over the last few quarters. So were letting that settle even with just  most of thats completed with the closing of Altus in April, but it is a good time for us to let the organization settle and then as you know, our free cash flow is very much back-half weighted. So were just kind of restoring our cash levels at the moment, letting that build throughout the course of the year, but we do intend to resume buybacks at some point later this year.
Marc Bianchi: Thank you so much.
Operator: Thank you. One moment for next question. And our next question coming from the line of David Anderson with Barclays. Your line is open.
David Anderson: Good morning, Lorenzo.
Lorenzo Simonelli: Hey, Dave.
David Anderson: I was just shifting back to the Middle East. Hi. Good morning. I was wondering, if you could talk about Abu Dhabi in specifically. You have a very unique position there with ADNOC Drilling. I believe you've been on your integrated services, you're on something like 40 rigs right now with ADNOC Drilling. I was wondering how that's progressing. Maybe kind of talk about some of the work that you're pulling in there? And where that number is going to -- we just saw an announcement with at Upper Zack (ph) was just awarded all IBS work. So maybe can you just talk about that business in particular and how that's developing and where you see that going?
Lorenzo Simonelli: Dave, I should be asking you the question considering you were just out there in the Middle East. But look, we feel very good about the relationship that we have with the ADNOC Drilling. And as you know, it started several years ago, also our position within UAE. And I'd say that with the announcements that also ADNOC has made relative to the commitment to increasing production, we see positive momentum with the -- also ADNOC Drilling, and we have a specific technologies that are appropriate that allow the time to drill to come down and drive efficiencies and productivity. So I'd say, we are optimistic about the future growth and obviously participating with ADNOC Drilling.
David Anderson: Do you need to bring in more equipment in there? I mean, I guess, capacity is going to be one of the things we're going to be talking about quite a bit going forward. But just in terms of that business itself, do you need to pull-in more? Do you need to build more? Do you have enough kind of on hand?
Lorenzo Simonelli: Dave, with the partnership we have, we look on an annual basis at what is required from a tool perspective. And one of the key ways in which we drive efficiency and also we drive better performance is by having these discussions early. So rest assured, without not drilling, we're tied to the hip. So anything that they got planned, we already -- we're discussing 12 months ago to make sure that we were ready for them.
David Anderson: And then just looking at bigger picture at this region. Middle East Asia was essentially flat in 4Q, I'm sorry, in the first quarter. I'm assuming that weakness was because of product sales that weren't recurring from the fourth quarter. But can you just talk about how revenue kind of -- should progress throughout the rest of the year in this part of the market make sure we kind of stay at this sort of 20% year-on-year growth clip throughout the year? Should that be the expectation here?
Lorenzo Simonelli: Yeah. You're correct in your assessment relative to the difference between fourth quarter and first quarter. At the fourth quarter, you do traditionally have direct tool sale to take place to take place in the first quarter. As you look forward, again, we're continuing to see that there's good international growth within Southeast Asia as well, and we should continue to see that progression.
David Anderson: Okay. Thanks, Lorenzo.
Operator: Thank you. One moment for next question. And our next question coming from the line of Stephen Gengaro with Stifel. Your line is open.
Stephen Gengaro: Thanks. Good morning, everybody. Can you talk -- I guess, two things as it relates to OFSE. Can you talk about just current pricing trends internationally? And then maybe as a follow-up, when you think about the 20% EBITDA margin target, how much of that is price versus sort of activity and self-help, et cetera.?
Lorenzo Simonelli: Yeah. Just in terms of the pricing environment, look, as you look at North America, it's starting to level off, but we expect our pricing for our technology in North America to remain firm. Internationally, we're gaining good traction given the strong activity levels and some of the tightness in the market. That being said, it will take some time to flow through from an earnings standpoint. And as you look at the construction of the 20%, we've always said that it's a combination of some of the pricing but a lot of self-help as well.
Stephen Gengaro: Thanks. And when you think about production chemicals, I think Nancy mentioned getting back to sort of historical levels by the end of the year. Can you just give us kind of an update on the traction there? And are those historical levels accretive to overall service margins? I think they are, but just checking.
Lorenzo Simonelli: Yeah, definitely. And I think we continue to see positive developments in our Chemicals business, improving margins. Chemical pricing has been favorable. Input prices have stabilized and we improved parts of our supply chain. As you know, we've got a new facility that ramped up in Singapore. We've got another facility that ramps up in KSA later on this year. As you look at margins in the first quarter, they increased sequentially and are now up 500 basis points year-over-year. We're still though 200 basis points to 300 basis points below the long-term average for this business. So we've still got some work to do to get back to the prior levels, but we expect that to be more normalized in the second half of 2023.
Stephen Gengaro: Great. Thank you for the color.
Operator: Thank you. One moment for our next question. And our next question coming from the line of Roger Read with Wells Fargo. Your line is open.
Roger Read: Yeah. Thank you. Good morning. I think most of the stuff has been hit. I just have one question. It was a topic at the event back at the end of January on servicing and the maintenance for the LNG facilities that are already out there. I was just wondering if you've seen any change in that, any improvement in that as we think about kind of the impact on margins later I guess, really Q2 onwards for this year?
Lorenzo Simonelli: Yeah, Roger. And as we laid out also at the beginning of the year relative to the maintenance and the contractual service agreements we have, its pretty much trending the way we anticipated. And so no change from what we said in January. Again, as you know, there has been some pushout from 2022 and well anticipate that, that starts to catch up in 23 and 24.
Roger Read: Thats it from me. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And that was our last question. Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your participation in today's conference. This concludes the program. You may all disconnect.

===== 2022 Q4  (2023-01-23 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Baker Hughes Company Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2022 Earnings Call [Operator Instructions]. As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded. I would now like to introduce your host for today's conference, Mr. Jud Bailey, Vice President of Investor Relations. Sir, you may begin.
Jud Bailey: Thank you. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to the Baker Hughes Fourth Quarter 2022 Earnings Conference Call. Here with me are our Chairman and CEO, Lorenzo Simonelli; and our CFO, Nancy Buese. The earnings release we issued earlier today can be found on our Web site at bakerhughes.com. As a reminder, during the course of this conference call, we will provide forward-looking statements. These statements are not guarantees of future performance and involve a number of risks and assumptions. Please review our SEC filings and Web site for a discussion of the factors that could cause actual results to differ materially. As you know, reconciliations of operating income and other GAAP to non-GAAP measures can be found in our earnings release. With that, I will turn the call over to Lorenzo.
Lorenzo Simonelli: Thank you, Jud. Good morning, everyone, and thanks for joining us. I'd like to start off by highlighting a couple of changes for this earnings call. For the first time, we are hosting our earnings call from Florence, Italy, where we will host our Board meeting later this week and welcome over 2,000 customers and industry experts next week at our Annual Meeting. We will also be using a presentation during this webcast, which has also been published on our investor Web site that we will reference over the course of our prepared remarks. As you can see on Slide 4, we were very pleased to end 2022 with solid momentum across our two business segments. In the fourth quarter, we saw continued margin improvement in our OFSE segment and an extremely strong level of orders for IET, which was driven by multiple awards across different end markets. 2022 was an important year for Baker Hughes on a number of fronts. Strategically, we took a large step forward in reshaping the company as we announced our formal restructuring and resegmentation of Baker Hughes into two business segments. This kicked off a major transformation effort across the organization, including key executive management changes, which will fundamentally improve the way the company operates. Operationally, our performance for the year was mixed. During the first half of this year, we experienced multiple headwinds across our organization as well as a number of operational challenges. While our performance improved over the second half, we still have more work to do and are focused on various initiatives to improve shorter term execution and meet the longer term financial objectives we laid out at an investor conference last September. Commercially, orders performance in LNG and new energy hit new highs and are poised to remain strong into 2023. In 2022, we booked almost $3.5 billion in LNG equipment orders, our highest ever and booked over $400 million in new energy orders, showing over 50% growth versus 2021. Although not yet back to previous historical levels, orders for our offshore exposed businesses also accelerated. Within OFSE, SSPS booked over $3 billion in orders in 2022, representing 36% growth versus 2021. In IET, onshore/offshore production recorded equipment orders of almost $1.9 billion in 2022. We are also seeing improvements in our industrial segments with industrial technology orders of $3.3 billion in 2022, up 6% year-over-year. As we look ahead to 2023, we expect order momentum to continue across both OFSE and IET despite what is likely to be a mixed macro environment. Turning to Slide 5. In 2023, the global economy is expected to experience some challenges under the weight of inflationary pressures and tightening monetary conditions. Despite recessionary pressures in some of the world's largest economies, we maintain a positive outlook for the energy sector. With years of under-investments now being amplified by recent geopolitical factors, global spare capacity for oil and gas has deteriorated and will likely require years of investment growth to meet forecasted future demand. For this reason, we continue to believe that we are in the early stages of a multiyear upturn in global activity and are poised to see a second consecutive year of solid double digit increases in global upstream spending in 2023. In addition to strong growth in traditional oil and gas spending we also believe that the Inflation Reduction Act in the US and potential new legislation in Europe will support significant growth opportunities in new energy in 2023 and beyond. We also remain positive on the near term and long term prospects for the natural gas and LNG investment cycle. Near term, we believe that the likely reopening of China, combined with Europe's need to refill gas storage supplies will play a critical role in keeping global gas and LNG markets tight. Longer term, we remain optimistic on the structural growth outlook for natural gas and LNG as the world looks to lower emissions and displace the consumption of coal. While cost inflation and higher interest rates slowed the pace of new LNG FIDs in 2022, we are seeing progress on a number of fronts. We continue to expect significant growth in new project sanctions in 2023 with elevated activity levels likely continuing into 2024. Following 36 MTPA of LNG FIDs in 2022 we continue to expect to see an additional 65 to 115 MTPA of LNG projects reach FID in 2023. Just as important as the near term outlook for LNG orders, we are now gaining visibility into new project opportunities that are developing towards the middle of the decade. Most notably, we are seeing progress on a number of brownfield initiatives and advancements in our new modular concept that is likely to extend the current wave of activity several more years. Turning to Slide 6. Given this macro backdrop, Baker Hughes is intensely focused on four key areas in 2023 in order to drive future value for shareholders. First, we are well positioned to capitalize on the significant growth opportunities that are building across both business segments. These opportunities reach across the entire OFSE portfolio as well as in IET, most notably in LNG, onshore/offshore production and new energy. Second, we remain focused on optimizing our corporate structure and transforming the Baker Hughes organization to drive improvements in our margin and returns profile. While we are still in the early stages of this process, we are increasingly confident in driving at least $150 million of cost out by the end of 2023 as well as structural changes that will simplify the organization and enhance our operational efficiency. The cost out and integration initiatives we are undertaking over the next 12 to 18 months will play a key role in hitting our EBITDA margin target of 20% in OFSE and IET over the next two to three years, and delivering return on invested capital of 15% and 20% for OFSE and IET, respectively. Third, we continue to develop our portfolio of new energy technologies. We've been particularly active over the last few years acquiring and investing in multiple new technologies around hydrogen, carbon capture, clean power and geothermal. We are now transitioning more towards the incubation of the existing portfolio. This will enable our new energy portfolio to achieve its full commercial potential with a particular focus on high impact technologies like Met Power and Mosaic. Finally, we will continue to focus on all these initiatives and while also generating strong free cash flow and returning 60% to 80% of this to shareholders through a combination of share buybacks and dividends. In 2022, we increased our dividend for the first time since 2017. Going forward, our goal is to continue to increase shareholder returns with an emphasis on continuing to grow the dividend as the IET business experiences broader structural growth in revenue and earnings. Turning to Slide 7. I'll provide an update on each of our segments. In Oilfield Services and Equipment, the outlook remains promising with growth trends shifting more in favor of international and offshore markets, while North America activity levels off. Importantly, the team continues to execute well as supply chain pressures moderate and the pricing environment remains favorable. Geographically, the Middle East retains the most promising outlook with activity scheduled to increase in multiple countries this year and likely next year. In Latin America and West Africa, offshore activity is driving growth in several countries and creating opportunities across our diverse portfolio. In North America, visibility remains limited given the current oil and gas price environment and generally expect range bound activity from current levels over the course of 2023. Within our OFSE product lines, we have seen strong growth for well construction driven by opportunities across our drilling portfolio and for SIM, where our completions portfolio continues to see solid improvement. In production solutions, we saw strong volume growth and margin improvement in our chemicals business throughout the year as supply chain constraints continue to ease and profitability normalizes. For 2023, we expect further improvement in our chemicals business as margin levels normalize back to historical levels and our Singapore plant becomes fully operational. Our legacy OFS segment executed well in the fourth quarter and we were pleased to see them achieve 19.6% EBITDA margins and 20% when normalizing for the impact of Russia. In SSPS, order activity remains strong as offshore activity continues to pick up. Importantly, we saw good order traction in both subsea trees and flexibles in the fourth quarter. After a record year in 2022 in flexibles orders, we expect another strong year in 2023 as well as a significant increase in subsea trees awards. We also continue to make progress on integrating SSPS into our OFSE segment as well as restructuring the business to drive better profitability and returns. After a thorough review of the SSPS business, Maria Claudia and her team are finalizing plans to rationalize approximately 40% to 50% of the manufacturing capacity in subsea production systems. These steps will be in addition to the cost savings gained from removing management layers and will largely come into effect in 2024. For 2023, we expect OFSE to deliver double digit revenue growth and solid improvements in margins as activity increases in multiple regions, inflationary pressures subside and we execute our cost out program and pricing remains favorable in most key markets. Moving to IET, the fourth quarter generated record orders driven by multiple awards in LNG and multiple awards in onshore/offshore production. Operationally, IET continues to navigate challenges in the Gastech services as well as challenges in different parts of the supply chain, ranging from chips and circuit boards to gas engines, castings and forgings. Orders during the fourth quarter for gas technology illustrates the breadth and depth of this portfolio. In LNG, we saw continued progress across our world class franchise. During the quarter, we were pleased to be awarded another major order to provide an LNG system for the second phase of Venture Global's Plaquemines project. This order builds on an award in the third quarter of 2022 for another Power Island system. Furthermore, this follows an award in the first quarter of 2022 for the first phase of Plaquemines and a similar contract for VG's CalcaShoePass terminal in 2019, which are all part of a 70 MTPA master supply agreement. In onshore/offshore production, IET booked contracts for five different projects in Latin America and Sub-Saharan Africa worth almost $900 million on a combined basis. With these awards, IET maintains its leadership in the FPSO market by providing power generation systems, compression trains and pumps that totals more than 30 aero-derivative gas turbines, two steam turbines and 20 compressors of various sizes. On the new energy front, we were pleased to book an order from Malaysia Marine and Heavy Engineering to supply CO2 compression equipment to PETRONAS' Carigali offshore carbon capture and sequestration project in Sarawak, Malaysia. The project is expected to be the world's largest offshore CCS facility with capacity to reduce CO2 emissions by 3.3 MTPA. Baker Hughes will deliver two trains of low pressure booster compressors to enable CO2 removal through membrane separation technology as well as two trains for reinjecting the separated CO2 into a dedicated storage site. Orders in our industrial technology business continued to perform well with strong traction this quarter across inspection and pumps, valves and gears. In our inspection business, we achieved significant commercial wins in the recovering aviation industry, including a record deal for visual inspection services in Latin America region as well as a number of orders for advanced ultrasonic testing systems with different customers in Asia Pacific. In addition to solid growth in orders, we were pleased to see some signs of operational improvement in our industrial tech businesses, led by volume and margin increases in condition monitoring and inspection. We expect this positive momentum to continue into 2023 as the chip shortage and supply chain issues start to abate and backlog convertibility recovers. As we enter 2023, IET has a record backlog of $25 billion and a robust pipeline of new order opportunities in LNG, onshore/offshore and new energy, and we now expect IET orders in 2023 between $10.5 billion to $11.5 billion. Despite the supply chain challenges, we are closely monitoring for both Gastech and industrial tech. We are well positioned to execute on this backlog to help drive significant revenue growth in 2023 and 2024. While 2022 presented some unique challenges to Baker Hughes, it was also a pivotal year for us strategically and accelerated a number of changes in the organization. As we look at 2023 and beyond, I feel confident in the structural changes we are executing and are positioning to capitalize on the multiyear upstream spending cycle, the unfolding wave of LNG investment and the acceleration in new energy opportunities. Across our entire enterprise, Baker Hughes is focused on significantly improving our margins and financial returns and meeting our customers' needs in a quickly changing energy landscape. Achieving these goals will require acute focus across the entire organization as well as the depth and scale of global resources and engineering talent. The culture of this company is unique in its diversity, its inclusiveness and its principles as well as its ability to adapt to change. Our team is focused on taking energy forward, transforming the way we operate and achieving the margin and return targets we have laid out to help drive best-in-class shareholder value and returns. With that, I'll turn the call over to Nancy.
Nancy Buese: Thanks, Lorenzo. I will begin on Slide 9 with an overview of total company results and then discuss our balance sheet, free cash flow and capital allocation before then moving into the business segment details and our forward outlook. Total company orders for the quarter were $8 billion, up 32% sequentially driven by industrial and energy technology, up 82% versus the prior quarter. Oilfield Services and Equipment orders were flat sequentially. Year-over-year, orders were up 20%, driven by an increase in both segments. We're extremely pleased with the orders performance at IET during the quarter, following strong orders throughout 2022. Total company orders for the full year were $26.8 billion, an increase of 24% versus 2021. Remaining performance obligation was $27.8 billion, up 13% sequentially. OFSE RPO ended at $2.6 billion, up 8% sequentially, while IET RPO ended at $25.3 billion, up 13% sequentially. Our total company book-to-bill ratio in the quarter was 1.4 and IET was 1.8. Total company book-to-bill for the year was 1.3 and IET was 1.6. Revenue for the quarter was $5.9 billion, up 10% sequentially and up 8% year-over-year, driven by increases in both segments. Operating income for the quarter was $663 million. Adjusted operating income was $692 million, which excludes $29 million of restructuring, impairment and other charges. Adjusted operating income was up 38% sequentially and up 21% year-over-year. Our adjusted operating income rate for the quarter was 11.7%, up 240 basis points sequentially. Year-over-year, our adjusted operating income rate was up 130 basis points. Adjusted EBITDA in the quarter was $947 million, up 25% sequentially and up 12% year-over-year. Adjusted EBITDA rate was 16%, up 190 basis points sequentially and up 70 basis points year-over-year. Corporate costs were $100 million in the quarter, driven by the realization of some of our corporate optimization efforts. For the first quarter, we expect corporate costs to be roughly flat compared to fourth quarter levels. Depreciation and amortization expense was $255 million in the quarter. For the first quarter, we expect D&A to remain flat with fourth quarter levels. Net interest expense was $64 million. Income tax expense in the quarter was $157 million. GAAP earnings per share was $0.18. Included in GAAP earnings per share were unrealized mark-to-market net losses and fair value for investments in ADNOC drilling and C3 AI of $89 million and $11 million, respectively. Also included were $81 million of charges related to the termination of the tax matters agreement with General Electric. These are all recorded in other nonoperating loss. Adjusted earnings per share was $0.38. Turning to Slide 10. We maintain a strong balance sheet with total debt of $6.7 billion and net debt of $4.2 billion, which is 1.4 times our trailing 12 months adjusted EBITDA. We generated free cash flow in the quarter of $657 million, up $239 million sequentially, driven by higher adjusted EBITDA and strong cash collections. For the first quarter, we expect free cash flow to decline sequentially, primarily driven by seasonality. We will continue to target 50% free cash flow conversion from adjusted EBITDA on a through cycle basis but expect 2023 to be in the low to mid 40% range. Turning to Slide 11 and capital allocation. We increased our quarterly dividend by $0.01 to $0.19 per share during the fourth quarter and also repurchased 4.2 million Class A shares for $101 million at an average price of $24 per share. For the full year 2022, we returned a total of $1.6 billion to shareholders. During the quarter, we closed the recently announced acquisition of Brush Power Generation, Quest Integrity and Access ESP. The total net cash paid for these three transactions was approximately $650 million. To fund these transactions, we took advantage of our strong balance sheet and used cash on hand. Baker Hughes remains committed to a flexible capital allocation policy that balances returning cash to shareholders and investing in growth opportunities. Our capital allocation philosophy starts with the priority of maintaining a strong balance sheet and targeting free cash flow conversion from adjusted EBITDA in excess of 50% on a through cycle basis. This framework will enable Baker Hughes to return 60% to 80% of our free cash flow back to shareholders. This will also allow us to invest in bolt-on M&A opportunities that can complement the current IET and OFSE portfolios as well as our efforts in new energy. As we look to return cash to shareholders, we will prioritize growing our regular dividend given the secular growth opportunities for IET and complementing this with opportunistic share repurchases. Now I will walk you through the business segment results in more detail and give you our thoughts on outlook going forward. Starting with Oilfield Services and Equipment on Slide 12. Orders in the quarter were $3.7 million, flat sequentially. Subsea and surface pressure system orders were $738 million, up 45% year-over-year, driven by an increase in subsea tree awards across multiple regions. OFSE revenue in the quarter was $3.6 billion, up 5% sequentially driven by increases across all product lines. International revenue was up 5% sequentially, driven by Latin America up 10% and Middle East, Asia up 7%, offset by Europe, CIS, SSA down 2%. North America revenue increased 5% sequentially. Excluding SSPS, both international and North America revenue were up 5%. OFSE operating income in the quarter was $416 million, up 28% sequentially. Operating income rate was 11.6% with margin rates increasing 210 basis points sequentially. OFSE EBITDA in the quarter was $614 million, up 16% sequentially. EBITDA margin rate was 17.1% with margins increasing 160 basis points sequentially, driven by increased volume and price improvements, partially offset by cost inflation. Year-over-year EBITDA margins were up 160 basis points. We are really pleased with the margin performance in OFSE, particularly in the legacy OFS segment which achieved a 19.6 EBITDA margin in the fourth quarter. Legacy OFS EBITDA margins were 20%, excluding under absorbed costs incurred prior to the completion of the sale of OFS Russia to local management in November. Turning to Slide 13. IET orders were $4.3 billion, up 20% year-over-year and a record orders quarter for IET. The strong fourth quarter orders performance closed out a great 2022 for IET with $12.7 billion of orders, up 28% year-over-year. Gas technology equipment orders in the quarter were up 36% year-over-year. Gastech equipment orders were supported by the LNG award for the second phase of Venture Global's Plaquemines project, a number of onshore/offshore production awards and the award for CO2 compression equipment for the Kasawari CCS project. Gastech services orders in the quarter were down 4% year-over-year, driven by lower contractual services orders, partially offset by an increase in upgrades. RPO for IET ended at $25.3 billion, up 13% sequentially. Within IET RPO, Gastech equipment RPO was $9.5 billion and Gastech services RPO was $13.6 billion. Industrial technology orders were up 6% year-over-year. Pumps, valves and gears, inspection and PSI and controls orders were up year-over-year, offset by condition monitoring orders, which were down year-over-year. Turning to Slide 14. Revenue for the quarter was $2.3 million, up 1% versus the prior year. Gastech equipment revenue was up 24% year-over-year, driven by the execution of project backlog. Gastech services revenue was down 17% year-over-year, driven by lower contractual services and upgrades. This was primarily related to the loss of service revenue from the discontinuation of our Russia operations, foreign exchange movements, supply chain delays and outage pushouts. As we've noted previously, the strength in commodity prices continues to shift maintenance schedules for some of our customers, a dynamic that we believe should normalize over time. Gastech services also continues to see supply chain delays, largely stemming from delivery delays in aero-derivative gas turbines and associated components. This is an area that we will continue to monitor and manage going forward. Industrial technology revenue was flat year-over-year. Conditions monitoring, inspection and PSI and controls revenue was up year-over-year while PBG was down year-over-year. Operating income for IET was $377 million, down 5% year-over-year. Operating margin was 16.2%, down 110 basis points year-over-year. IET EBITDA was $429 million, down 4% year-over-year. EBITDA margin rate was 18.4%, down 110 basis points year-over-year with higher equipment mix, cost inflation and higher R&D spending, partially offset by higher pricing and slightly higher volume. As we increasingly execute on our record Gastech equipment backlog, we are seeing a meaningful shift in the mix of our revenue profile with equipment revenue representing 55% of total revenue in the quarter versus 45% a year ago. Turning to Slide 15. I would like to update you on our outlook for the two business segments and our cost out program. With new reporting segments, we're providing a formal outlook in order to give another level of transparency for each business segment as well as further details around our forward looking expectations. As we transition to this new framework, we're providing a range of expectations and also highlight the variables that drive the different potential outcomes. Overall, we feel optimistic on the outlook for both OFSE and IET with solid growth tailwinds across our business as well as continued operational enhancements to help drive margin improvement. In addition to executing on the growing pipeline of commercial opportunities, a key focus for Baker Hughes in 2023 is transforming our organization through at least $150 million of annualized cost outs by the end of this year. All necessary actions to achieve this target should be completed by the end of the second quarter and the full impact will be realized by the end of the fourth quarter. For Baker Hughes, we expect first quarter revenue between $5.3 billion and $5.7 billion and adjusted EBITDA between $700 million and $760 million. For the full year, we expect revenue between $24 billion and $26 billion and adjusted EBITDA between $3.6 billion and $3.8 billion. For OFSE, we expect first quarter results to reflect usual seasonal declines in international activity as well as typical seasonality in North America. We, therefore, expect first quarter revenue for OFSE between $3.3 billion and $3.5 billion and EBITDA between $515 million and $585 million. Factors driving this range include the magnitude of seasonality in some international markets, timing of budget deployments in the US, backlog conversion in SSPS and the pace of our cost out initiatives. For the full year 2023, we expect another strong year of market growth internationally, spread across virtually all geographic regions, led by the Middle East, Latin America and West Africa. Overall, we expect international D&C spending to likely increase in the middle double digits on a year-over-year basis. In North America, we expect activity levels to likely remain range bound for the balance of the year depending on oil and natural gas prices and activity levels among private operators. However, we believe that this level of activity as well as cost inflation will still translate into North America D&C spending growth in the high double digits in 2023. Given this macro backdrop, we would expect OFSE revenue between $14.5 billion and $15.5 billion and EBITDA between $2.4 billion and $2.8 billion in 2023. Factors driving this range include the pace of growth in various international markets, a range of potential outcomes in North America activity, continued improvement in chemicals, the pace of backlog conversion and cost out initiatives in the SSPS segment and our broader cost out initiatives. For IET, we expect strong revenue growth on a year-over-year basis supported by backlog conversion at Gastech equipment and modest growth in industrial technology. We, therefore, expect first quarter IET revenue between $1.9 billion and $2.4 billion and EBITDA between $250 million and $300 million. The major factors driving this revenue range will be the pace of backlog conversion for Gastech equipment, growth in industrial tech driven by improving supply chain dynamics and the impact of any continued deferrals in maintenance activity or supply chain delays at Gastech services. For the full year, as Lorenzo mentioned, we now expect IET orders to be between $10.5 billion and $11.5 billion, driven by LNG and onshore/offshore production. We forecast full year IET revenue between $9.5 billion and $10.5 billion and EBITDA between $1.35 billion and $1.65 billion. The largest factor driving this range will be the pace of backlog conversion for Gastech equipment and any impacts associated with supply chain delays. Other factors that drive this range include foreign currency movements, the pace of improvement in supply chain impacts at industrial tech, the level of R&D spend related to our new energy investments and the timing of maintenance activity in Gastech services. With that, I will turn the call back over to Lorenzo.
Lorenzo Simonelli: Thank you, Nancy. Turning to Slide 16. Baker Hughes is committed to delivering for our customers and our shareholders. We remain focused on capitalizing on the growth opportunities across OFSE and IET, including LNG and new energy, where we are increasing R&D to develop our technology portfolio in hydrogen, carbon capture and clean power. We also remain committed to optimizing our corporate structure to enhance our margins and return profile where we are targeting EBITDA margins of 20% in OFSE and IET and increasing ROIC in both businesses to 15% and 20% respectively. And finally, we will continue to focus on generating strong free cash flow and returning 60% to 80% of this free cash flow to shareholders while also investing for growth across our world class business. With that, I'll turn it back over to Jud.
Jud Bailey: Thanks, Lorenzo. Operator, let's open the call for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from James West with Evercore ISI.
James West: So Lorenzo, maybe first one for you on the LNG side. When we were together in December, I know, as we were leaving, Jud was going to Houston, I was going to L.A., but you were going to a Middle Eastern country that has some huge gas reserves and huge plans for LNG. And I'd love to -- I know you made some comments in your prepared remarks, but Id love to get maybe some further comments on how you see kind of orders rolling in this year given your dominant position in LNG.
Lorenzo Simonelli: And since that trip, I've also been back another 2 times, and I can tell you the customer discussions have been remaining, and there's a lot of positive momentum. And I think both as you look at the near term and also the long term prospects for natural gas and LNG, it's a positive investment cycle. In 2022, we did experience some cost inflation, some high interest rates, which slowed the pace of FIDs but conversations with customers definitely hasn't slowed down. And I think you've seen some of the announcements also within North America from Sempra related to Port Arthur, NextDecade, which has signed up a supply agreement. So importantly, I think the operators globally have recalibrated the project costs to the current environment, and they're actually starting to see success in securing some of the offtake agreements. So I think there's a realization out there as well that natural gas and LNG are going to play a key role, not just this transition but also destination as the world continues to need more energy. And so we see a number of projects that are getting close to FID. We feel comfortable with, at least 65 MTPA reaching FID this year and expect to see sanctioning activity actually exceed that. So it's not just about 2023. I think as we look at the environment right now, we're actually going beyond and seeing also 2024 and also 2025 with the portfolio we have of modular approaches and a good time to be in LNG.
James West: And then maybe for Nancy, given your new role as CFO here, how are you thinking about capital allocation and focusing on shareholder returns, et cetera, relative to -- maybe it's probably just the same, but relative to what the -- what Brian and Lorenzo were already focused on?
Nancy Buese: Baker Hughes remains committed to a flexible capital allocation policy, and as Lorenzo already mentioned, balancing returns to shareholders and also continuing to invest in growth opportunities. Our philosophy starts really with the priority of maintaining a strong balance sheet and also targeting free cash flow conversion from adjusted EBITDA in excess of 50% on a through cycle basis. This framework will allow us to return 60% to 80% of our free cash flow back to shareholders. That also gives us the ability to invest in bolt-on M&A opportunities that will complement the current IET and OFSE portfolios as well as our efforts in new energy. So as we look to return cash to shareholders, we will prioritize growing our regular dividend given the secular growth opportunities for IET and also complementing this with opportunistic share repurchases. And just as a reminder, during 2022, we did return a total of $1.6 billion to shareholders through both dividends and buybacks.
James West: Well, great. Look forward to seeing both of you in Florence, here in a few days.
Operator: Our next question comes from Scott Gruber with Citi.
Scott Gruber: Nancy, I want to start on the free cash flow conversion rate from EBITDA this year. It does sound like working capital is probably a decent headwind this year. Is there more to working capital beyond just the top line growth? And I also noticed the adjusted tax rate forecast in the guidance, it looks like 35% to 40%. It sounds high. But can you also provide some comment on the cash tax rate? So just some additional color on that, that free cash conversion rate.
Nancy Buese: And we do believe the free cash flow conversion potential should be around 50% through the cycle. And in 22, we saw conversion below this range for a handful of items primarily we had about $300 million to $400 million of cash generation that didn't materialize given the shutdown of the Russia operations. We also saw cash consumption from inventory build in OFSE and Gastech equipment as we prepare for growth in '23. We also had lower collections from some international customers during the year. And as we think about 2023, we believe we should be in the low to mid-40% range with higher EBITDA, higher CapEx, but still about 4% to 5% of revenue. And then cash taxes should be roughly the same as in '22, cash restructuring around $75 million to $100 million versus almost zero in '22. And then also for '23, working capital will be a use of cash versus a modest source of cash and that's another strong year of revenue growth in OFSE and Gastech equipment. So hopefully, that gives you a little bit of a picture.
Scott Gruber: Yes, it does. And then just thinking about a couple unique items that impact EBITDA for the year. I think you mentioned that the restructuring benefit is really going to kind of build over the course of the year and hit more in late. So some additional color there and just how to think about how much of the $150 million cost out actually impact EBITDA this year? And then also, we've seen a big swing in the euro here and the dollar starting to weaken across a number of other currencies. Just thoughts on the FX that's built into the guidance. I know the euro weakness in the second half last year was impactful, but just how did you guys think about that in terms of putting together the guidance for this year?
Nancy Buese: So on the cost out, we really put that program together last September and have identified a number of ways to remove cost from the organization and create a more efficient operating structure overall. I put the cost out efforts really in two categories. The first is cost reduction from structural changes in our organization identified around simplifying and streamline operations from four product companies to two business segments and the leaner HQ. That's about two thirds to three quarters of the $150 million in cost out we're targeting. These also include headcount reductions from removing layers and really thinking about implementing a strategically managed business structure where we can push some activities down into the business from HQ and then do it on a more cost efficient basis. The second bucket is really cost optimization or cost controls. So things -- headcount reductions to optimize our support functions and then also areas to optimize our cost in technology, third party services, external expenses, those sorts of things. And we should, in terms of timing, have all the process completed by the end of Q2 and all actions taken by the end of Q4 of this year. And then we should hit the annualized run rate sometime in the fourth quarter. So our plan today considers pretty conservative guides in terms of FX. And then the other piece on that is if the euro appreciates versus the USD, there could also be some upside to our revenue outlook for IET.
Lorenzo Simonelli: And Scott, just to give some more color. I think on the cost out, we've been operationalizing a lot of the actions since we made the announcement in September. We've got a dedicated team that's set up to go and execute this. And you've seen some of the changes we've made within Baker Hughes. And I feel very good about the annualized run rate of the $150 million coming through and we'll see a lot of the actions in the first half of this year, which then will yield in the second half.
Operator: Our next question comes from Chase Mulvehill with Bank of America.
Chase Mulvehill: I guess, first question, if we can come back to kind of the order outlook for '23 for the IET segment, it looks like you kind of bumped up your order outlook by about 5%. The new guidance is about $10.5 billion to $11.5 billion. And you bumped up the orders despite having a really strong fourth quarter order. So I would have thought you maybe pulled some orders into '22, but just given that you raised your order outlook probably means that you didn't really -- you don't think you kind of pulled any orders forward. So when we think about '23 and the bump like what was really driving the bump to orders in '23? And kind of when we think about that, obviously, LNG is a big driver, but kind of walk through some of the drivers as well.
Nancy Buese: And really, as within a year, there's a lot of moving pieces when we think about the orders, particularly with some of the large projects that are still out there. '22, as you noted, was an exceptionally strong year for orders for IET at $12.7 billion and then a record 4Q at $4.2 billion. And so, broadly speaking, as we think about '23 Gastech equipment orders should be down versus 2022 primarily driven by onshore/offshore orders. And as you asked about the drivers, '22 was just a huge year for onshore/offshore and then LNG orders are likely to be down modestly. The biggest driver, though, will be the onshore/offshore. We do think Gastech services orders will be up modestly in '23 versus '22 with growth somewhat in line with '22. And then industrial tech orders will probably grow at a modestly slower pace than in 2022, and those were up about 6% in '22. So as you mentioned, overall, we now do expect IET orders to be in the $10.5 billion to $11.5 billion range for the year.
Lorenzo Simonelli: And I think Chase [Multiple Speakers] as we go through it, again, activity right now is pretty strong out there internationally. And again, we think that $10.5 billion to $11.5 billion increase reflects the activity we're seeing.
Chase Mulvehill: Lorenzo, maybe a quick follow-up here with new energy opportunities. Obviously, a lot of color on the conference call and in the press release around CCUS and hydrogen and clean power as well. So we obviously got some legislation that's helping accelerate some of these markets. So talk about the outlook that you have and the opportunity for Baker alongside some of these markets for '23 and beyond.
Lorenzo Simonelli: And Chase, I firstly start by saying we're really pleased with the progress we made in 2022, which was a significant increase from 2021. And as we look at 2023, again, we believe we can achieve around $400 million of new energy orders. And we're seeing the early stages of development within CCUS, hydrogen. They are likely to be lumpy. But as you said, there's been legislation that has come into place. And the Inflation Reduction Act in the United States is helping to firm up that outlook, if anything starting to pull forward some projects. We do anticipate that Europe may bring in some legislation to help spur the energy transition as we go forward. So over the next three to four years, the new energy content should be around 10% of our Gastech orders. And as we stated previously, we believe by the end of the decade, new energy orders should be in the range of $6 billion to $7 billion. And if you think about the middle of the decade, new energy representing about 10% of our Gastech orders and then accelerate through the balance of the second half of the decade. So direction of trial is clear. We've got the investments in place into the new tech and feel good about the way in which the market segment is really creating on the back of some of the legislation.
Operator: Our next question comes from Arun Jayaram with JPMorgan.
Arun Jayaram: My first question is on your IET EBITDA margin guide for 2023. Nancy, you posted a 16.8% EBITDA margin in 2022. The midpoint of the guide is 15%. So I was wondering if you could walk through what's driving the margin change this year? And then how you see margins moving towards that 20% 2025-2026 guide over time?
Nancy Buese: If we look at the full year IET guidance, it would apply about a 200 bps decline in margin rates from '22. And so, the real drivers are around the equipment mix is it continues to move up and the step-up in R&D around our new energy efforts. So on mix, you can see by our '22 results and our '23 guidance that equipment orders are going up. And in '22, Gastech revenue was 50% equipment and this year, it's likely to be 65% or higher. R&D, as we've been communicating, we're stepping up our effort there, about $50 million to $75 million as we look to commercialize some of the most promising technologies that include things like Met Power and Mosaic. And I think for the longer term, we would really reaffirm the margin levels that we previously indicated.
Lorenzo Simonelli: And Arun, just to add, and I think we've maybe mentioned this before, as we go through a big equipment build, it's actually a good thing for our business. Our installed base is increasing close to 30%. And then in the later years, we'll get the service calories associated with that. So it's a factor of the longer cycle nature of this business, but we feel confident in the next two to three years to be able to take the margin rate back up to, as we said, to 20% EBITDA rate, and that's driven by the services starting to come through after the equipment flow through.
Arun Jayaram: And my follow-up is, Lorenzo, I believe you mentioned that the plan is to rationalize 40% or more of your subsea capacity. I was wondering if you could provide more details on this plan? And which markets do you plan -- or which markets will be focused markets on a go-forward basis for Baker?
Lorenzo Simonelli: We did mention that we've been restructuring our SSPS business, and Maria Claudia and the team have been undergoing a strategic review. We are still in the early stages of that. But as we look at the subsea tree capacity, we're really going to be decreasing, rationalizing our production capacity by 40% to 50% and also outsource some of the basic machining. You can imagine from a cost perspective, we're in some relatively high cost countries. And so it's an opportunity for us to be able to rationalize capacity back to Asia, also Latin America and that machining was typically done in the UK. So we're continuing to look at how we go forward, and we feel good about the savings being achieved on top of the broader $150 million cost out effort that included about $60 million from OFSE. So still early days and we'll see this come through in 2024. But the team has got a good handle around how to take the strategy going forward for the SSPS business, and it's on the backdrop of an improving outlook for offshore.
Operator: Our next question comes from Dave Anderson with Barclays.
Dave Anderson: Lorenzo, just one question for me. You made a significant management change recently in the IET business. And I was wondering if you could just kind of talk about the management changes you made there. And you're bringing in somebody from the outside in [Ganesh] and just kind of what you're trying to achieve with this change? Are there certain KPI targets you're targeting, is there a new philosophy you're trying to instill in this part of the organization? It's obviously a big part of Baker Hughes and I'd just like to hear some more -- some of your thoughts on that.
Lorenzo Simonelli: And I think as we continue to evolve Baker Hughes, and as you saw from the announcement we made in September and moving to the two business segments, we continue to look at the future of how the growth of both the IET segment and OFSE is going to take place. And in discussions with Rod and also how we are growing in the space of digital services, industrial and also climate technology solutions, it's not a one year journey, it's a multiple year journey. And bringing Ganesh was maybe sooner than anticipated, but we found a great talent that can help us drive the growth going forward, comes from an experienced background of having built digital solutions at an enterprise level. Also knows well the climate technology solutions space. And if we look at where the growth is in the second half of the decade, we said it's around the new energy and also the industrial asset management. So great candidate at the right time. And Rod is staying with us and helping with the transition and then he will be moving on. But very happy with the new structure. And as you look at the changes we've made overall, it's all with the contemplation of, again, how we're moving forward for the next three years, the plan that we laid out in September and achieving the 20% EBITDA across the two segments.
Operator: Our next question comes Marc Bianchi with Cowen.
Marc Bianchi: I wanted to ask first about the guidance for first quarter in 2023. It seems to imply a steeper slope of improvement throughout the year than we typically see. I was curious if you could talk about your confidence in that progression and maybe how much traction we might see in the second quarter?
Lorenzo Simonelli: Look, the confidence is there. And I think what we've mentioned before is we've got a large equipment mix that flows through in the first quarter. And so that's obviously impacting the EBITDA rate. But as we go forward, we've got the backlog at hand, so the visibility is there. Also, if you look at our IPO on the Gastech services at $13.6 billion, we've got how that rolls out as well. So I actually think this is pretty normal, the way in which we are seeing the profile of the year just based on the way in which the equipment and the longer cycle projects are converting. So we wanted to make sure that we gave that visibility but feel confident with the outlook for the year and then also the cost out that's going to be achieved with the $150 million transformation being annualized by the end of the year.
Marc Bianchi: And then following up on the prior discussion around orders for '23. Nancy, I think I heard you say that you expected LNG orders to be down year-over-year, but the macro outlook that you guys have has a near doubling of LNG FID at the low end. So maybe you could just kind of talk to that a little bit, if you could.
Lorenzo Simonelli: Yes, maybe -- and again, it's an aspect of the lumpiness of the way some of the orders come through. I think as we go through this, again, the focus is on the total orders of the $10.5 billion and the $11.5 billion and the elements within there will shift. I think, again, as you look at LNG from the FIDs and the MTPA that's going to be sanctioned, probably will be up versus 2022 and 2023.
Operator: Our next question comes from Connor Lynagh with Morgan Stanley.
Connor Lynagh: I have sort of two related questions here, so I'll ask them at once. But basically, within the guidance for OFSE, you basically called out a couple of different swing factors that could affect the range or that are driving the range. I'm curious, on one hand, what are the big variables you're watching among the ones you called out? You call out pace of growth, you call out chemicals improvement, a few others. Could you just sort of specify for us what you think is the most important? And then, I guess, just in terms of the pace of growth, do you feel that third party service providers that you don't have control over, customer activity plans changing or maybe something else would be sort of the biggest risk to achieving that?
Nancy Buese: Yes, I can kind of walk you through some of the variables. So the midpoint of the range assumes that the OFS business sees growth within the market fundamentals we've talked about with NAM, DMC growing to high double digits, international growing mid double digits and then adjusting for our portfolio, really high concentration of production related business lines in North America, higher concentration in the Middle East and also the sale of OFS Russia. We assume SSPS generates strong double digit revenue growth based on the backlog conversion. And then for margin rates, we assume 30-plus percentage incrementals as the chemical business continues to normalize and we see some benefits from our cost out efforts. The high point of that range assumes significantly stronger growth in North America driven by higher commodity prices and modestly stronger international growth. Also, SSPS backlog conversion remains the same as it's already locked in and then incremental margins in the high 30% range. So on the downside, I would say the low point assumes OFS North America revenue is essentially flat and international growth goes to low double digit growth, and then SSPS backlog conversion remains the same and then also really weaker incremental margins in the low 30% range.
Connor Lynagh: And then just in terms of where you see the largest potential bottlenecks, is that within Baker Hughes, is that third party service providers or is that just whether or not customers want to slow roll things based on the macro environment?
Lorenzo Simonelli: As you look at some of the external factors that we're monitoring, it really comes down to the supply chain associated with the IET. And as you look at it, we mentioned that forgings, castings and some of the disruption you've heard about in the aerospace supply chain, we're managing. We think we've got that in check, but we're obviously monitoring the component flow very closely. We are starting to see some improvement in the electronic chips but monitoring that as well. So just something that we've got to keep our focus on and be aware that we're not the only users of some of these components.
Connor Lynagh: Understood, thank you.
Lorenzo Simonelli: All right. Well, look, thank you very much to everyone for taking the time to join our earnings call today. I look forward to speaking to you all soon and seeing some of you also in Florence in the next week. Operator, you may now close out the call.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in today's conference. This concludes the program. You may all disconnect. Everyone, have a great day.

===== 2022 Q3  (2022-10-19 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen and welcome to Baker Hughes Company Third Quarter 2022 Earnings Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded. I would now like to introduce your host for todays conference, Mr. Jud Bailey, Vice President of Investor Relations. Sir, you may begin.
Jud Bailey: Thank you. Good morning, everyone and welcome to the Baker Hughes third quarter 2022 earnings conference call. Here with me are our Chairman and CEO, Lorenzo Simonelli; and our CFO, Brian Worrell. The earnings release we issued earlier today can be found on our website at bakerhughes.com. As a reminder, during the course of this conference call, we will provide forward-looking statements. These statements are not guarantees of future performance and involve a number of risks and assumptions. Please review our SEC filings and website for a discussion of the factors that could cause actual results to differ materially. As you know, reconciliations of operating income and other GAAP to non-GAAP measures can be found in our earnings release. With that, I will turn the call over to Lorenzo.
Lorenzo Simonelli: Thank you, Jud. Good morning, everyone and thanks for joining us. We were generally pleased with our third quarter results with strong performance in OFS, while TPS successfully managed multiple challenges. We also saw strong orders performance with continued momentum in OFE as well as TPS. As I mentioned during our second quarter earnings call, the macro outlook has grown increasingly uncertain. The global economy is dealing with the strongest inflationary pressures since the 1970s, a rising interest rate environment and sizable fluctuations in global currencies. Despite these economic challenges, we remain constructive on the outlook for oil and gas and believe that underlying fundamentals remain supportive of a multiyear upturn in global upstream spending. Operators around the world have shown a great deal of financial discipline, which we expect to translate into a more durable upstream spending cycle even in the face of an unpredictable commodity price environment. In the oil market, we expect continued price volatility as demand growth likely softens under the weight of higher interest rates and inflationary pressures. However, we expect supply constraints and production discipline to largely offset any demand weakness. This should support price levels that are conducive to driving double-digit upstream spending growth in 2023. In the natural gas and LNG markets, prices remained elevated as a multitude of factors increased tensions on an already stressed global gas market. Europes surging demand for LNG has redirected cargoes from other regions and created an exceptionally tight global market that could get even tighter in 2023. This situation has resulted in record high LNG prices, but has also slowed down switching from coal to gas in some developing countries. We believe that significant investment is still required over the next 5 to 10 years to ensure natural gas position as a key part of the energy transition. However, while the current price environment is attractive for new projects, this is also a pivotal time for the industry with price-related demand destruction occurring in some markets and LNG developers facing inflationary pressures and a higher cost of capital for new projects. As a result, we believe the landscape maybe shifting in favor of established LNG players with the scale, diversity and financial strength to navigate the risks and uncertainties. Those with brownfield projects and projects that utilize faster-to-market modular lines maybe particularly advantaged in the coming years. On the new energy front, recent policy movements in Europe and the United States are likely to help support a significant increase in clean energy development. In the U.S., the Inflation Reduction Act should be particularly impactful in accelerating the development of green hydrogen, CCUS and direct air capture. While we have not changed our expectations for the ultimate addressable market sizes in these areas, the attractive tax incentives could accelerate development ahead of previously expected forecast. We also believe that the bill will create favorable economic conditions for our portfolio of new energy investments. Given the dynamic macro backdrop, Baker Hughes is focused on preparing for a range of scenarios and executing on what is within our control. Last month, we announced the restructuring and resegmentation of the company into two reporting segments: OFSE and IET. This resegmentation will simplify and streamline our organizational structure with at least $150 million of cost out and a 25% reduction in the executive management team. These changes will sharpen our focus, improve operational execution, and better position Baker Hughes to capitalize on the quickly changing energy markets. This new structure will elevate new leadership while also creating better flexibility and economies of scale across the two business segments. Importantly, we expect these changes to increase shareholder value and improve the long-term optionality and growth opportunities for Baker Hughes as our markets and customers continue to evolve. In parallel, we continue to invest in Baker Hughes portfolio through early-stage new energy investments and tuck-in M&A. In addition to the investments in early-stage technologies like Mosaic, NET Power and HIF Global earlier this year, we announced several strategic acquisitions in the third quarter that will complement our current portfolio and enhance our strategic position. Perhaps the most notable is the recent acquisition of the Power Generation division of BRUSH Group, which positions us well to participate more directly in electrification. Other transactions also include the acquisitions of Quest Integrity and Access ESP, which enhance our inspection capabilities and broadens our ESP technology portfolio. Now I will give you an update on each of our segments. In Oilfield Services, we remain optimistic on the outlook for the sector with growth trends now clearly shifting more in favor of the international markets. The team continues to execute well as they capture net pricing increases and supply chain pressures gradually moderate. Internationally, growth continues to be led by Latin America, West Africa and the Middle East. In all of these markets, offshore activity is noticeably strengthening, while our drilling services and completions business are well positioned to win. In Latin America, Brazil offers the best combination of visibility and growth in the region, while Mexico and Guyana are also improving. Similarly, in West Africa, we are seeing offshore projects move forward in multiple countries in the region. In the Middle East, Saudi Arabia and UAE are exhibiting the best near-term growth that is expected to continue into 2023 and beyond. Looking ahead, we expect continued growth through the end of this year and double-digit international growth in 2023. In North America, pricing across our portfolio remains firm while drilling and completion activity are beginning to level off after significant growth over the last 2 years. Although the U.S. market will be more dynamic and dependent on oil prices, we generally expect solid activity levels through the end of this year with an opportunity for modest growth in 2023 driven by public operators. Operationally, our OFS business is executing well and remains on track to achieve our target of 20% EBITDA in the fourth quarter of 2022. Over the course of the year, we have generated solid margin improvement across multiple product lines, including drilling services, completions, artificial lift and wireline. Importantly, a key driver of margin enhancement has been the continued improvement in our production chemicals business. After several difficult quarters impacted by supply chain and inflation, chemicals has now generated sequential margin rate improvement for two consecutive quarters. Although margin rates are not yet back to prior levels, we have a line of sight to further increases and expect to be at more normalized levels in 2023. Moving to TPS. The third quarter represented another solid performance in orders. We remain on track to generate $8 billion to $9 billion in orders in 2022 and in 2023. Operationally, TPS navigated several challenges and delivered solid results despite further pressure on the euro and continued market pressure on TPS services. The primary growth driver for TPS continues to be LNG, where multiple projects are expected to move forward for FID in 2022 and 2023. Although inflationary pressures and rising interest costs have slowed progress on some projects, we remain comfortable with our expectation of 100 to 150 MTPA reaching FID by the end of 2023, including the 31 MTPA that has reached FID year-to-date. During the quarter, we were pleased to be awarded another order by New Fortress Energy to support their Fast LNG facilities project. NFE will deploy Baker Hughes technology for various offshore projects across the globe. This represents the third order we have booked with New Fortress since the second quarter of 2021 and we have now received 7 MTPA of Fast LNG orders. Additionally, we were awarded an order to deliver power generation equipment for a major LNG project in North America. During the quarter, we were also pleased to announce a new service contract for the maintenance and monitoring of turbomachinery equipment operations at ENI-led Coral FLNG, which is the first deepwater floating LNG facility operating off the coast of Mozambique. This new service agreement builds on an existing Coral FLNG contract awarded to Baker Hughes in 2017. As part of the scope, Baker Hughes will fully leverage its growing digital capabilities by providing remote monitoring and diagnostic services as well as a suite of other services based on Bently Nevadas System 1 technology. Outside of LNG, TPS received an additional award to supply 12 electric motor-driven compressors to support gas processing for Saudi Aramcos Jafurah unconventional gas project. This order follows a similar award last quarter, bringing the total to 26 compressor trains supplied to the Jafurah project. We also continued to grow our collaboration with Air Products, securing contracts to supply advanced high-pressure ratio compressor technology for the net zero hydrogen energy complex in Edmonton, Alberta and a steam turbine generator for the green ammonia process at the NEOM Green Hydrogen project in Saudi Arabia. With these awards from Air Products, our new energy orders so far this year total over $170 million. We still expect new energy orders for 2022 to be around $200 million. Next, on Oilfield Equipment, growth in the subsea and offshore markets continues to trend positively and should maintain solid order momentum over the next couple of years. OFE saw another record orders quarter in the Flexibles business with over $1 billion in orders year-to-date. The Flexible team continued winning in Brazil as well as in China retaining incumbency with key customers. Despite these positive order trends, we remain disappointed with the underlying profitability for OFE. As we highlighted in our Strategy Update last month, we have announced several actions to rectify these issues, including an initial $60 million in cost savings from removing management layers and integrating multiple functions and capabilities with OFS. Beyond the cost-out program, we expect to drive further margin improvement by right-sizing OFEs facilities footprint, addressing supply chain deficiencies and leveraging the shared engineering resources across the border of OFSE organization. As a part of this process, we are well into the wholesale reassessment of the subsea equipment business, which will drive out costs and determine the appropriate size and scale for this business. We have already identified multiple facility rationalization opportunities and feel increasingly confident about the ability to improve profitability in this business. We expect to provide an update on the strategic review of SPS in the first half of 2023. Finally, in Digital Solutions, order activity remained resilient in the third quarter, but the operating environment continues to be challenged by the ongoing disruption to supply chains for chips and electrical components. During the quarter, Bently Nevada secured a multiyear SaaS agreement expanding its existing scope to deliver plant-wide software across our customers entire installed base in Europe. The solution brings together System 1 cloud-based software advanced analytics powered by Augury as well as services and enterprise training. This project marks the first award with the Augury alliance and demonstrates the potential to drive growth through differentiated digital and hardware offerings. On the operational side, while we have seen some improvement in availability of chips, timing of delivery and the size of allocation remains uncertain, which is restricting our teams ability to effectively and efficiently execute on backlog. For the aspects we control, the team has acted, moving to qualify additional suppliers as well as redesigning circuit boards to utilize more standardized chips. Beyond addressing the supply chain issues, we also recently announced the combination of the DS portfolio with TPS to create industrial and energy technology. We are in the early stages of removing functional layers and integrating the portfolio with TPS, which we expect to generate initial cost savings of at least $50 million by the end of 2023. We expect significant commercial and technological benefits from closer integration and believe that IET will be uniquely positioned to enable more reliable, efficient and lower carbon solutions across the energy and industrial complex. 2022 has presented some unique challenges for Baker Hughes and driven several important decisions to better position the company for an evolving energy landscape. As we head towards 2023, while we are preparing for a volatile environment, we are confident that we can navigate these challenges with the support from our recent corporate actions and our world class team. We are intently focused on improving our operational execution, capitalizing on the multiyear upstream spending cycle and the unfolding wave of LNG FIDs. Before I turn the call over to Brian, Id like to make an announcement about our executive leadership team. After many years with the company and 6 years as our CFO, Brian Worrell will be leaving Baker Hughes in 2023. Brian has not only been our CFO, but also a key leader driving our strategy as well as our separation from GE. I would like to thank Brian for the instrumental role he has played in the formation and transformation of Baker Hughes. Replacing Brian effective November 2 will be Nancy Buese, who has over 15 years of public CFO experience in the mining and energy sectors and more than 30 years of finance and accounting experience. We believe that Nancys experience in multiple sectors will be instrumental as we continue to transform all aspects of Baker Hughes and increase shareholder value. With that, I will turn the call over to Brian.
Brian Worrell: Thanks, Lorenzo. I will begin with the total company results and then move into the segment details. Orders for the quarter were $6.1 billion, up 3% sequentially driven by OFE and OFS partially offset by a decrease in Digital Solutions and TPS. Year-over-year, orders were up 13% driven by increases across all four segments. We are pleased with the orders performance in the quarter following strong orders in the first half of the year. Remaining performance obligation was $24.7 billion, up 1% sequentially. Equipment RPO ended at $9.1 billion, up 3% sequentially and services RPO ended at $15.6 billion, flat sequentially. Our total company book-to-bill ratio in the quarter was 1.1 and our equipment book-to-bill in the quarter was 1.3. Revenue for the quarter was $5.4 billion, up 6% sequentially driven by increases across all segments. Year-over-year, revenue was up 5% driven by OFS and Digital Solutions partially offset by lower volumes in TPS and OFE. Operating income for the quarter was $269 million. Adjusted operating income was $503 million, which excludes $235 million of restructuring, impairment, separation and other charges. The restructuring charges in the third quarter were primarily driven by cost reduction projects for the recently announced reorganization as well as global footprint optimization in our OFS and OFE businesses. Adjusted operating income was up 34% sequentially and up 25% year-over-year. Our adjusted operating income rate for the quarter was 9.4%, up 190 basis points sequentially. Year-over-year, our adjusted operating income rate was up 150 basis points. Adjusted EBITDA in the quarter was $758 million, up 16% sequentially and up 14% year-over-year. Adjusted EBITDA rate was 14.1%, up 120 basis points sequentially and up 110 basis points year-over-year. Corporate costs were $103 million in the quarter. For the fourth quarter, we expect corporate costs to be flat compared to third quarter levels. Depreciation and amortization expense was $254 million in the quarter. For the fourth quarter, we expect D&A to increase slightly from third quarter levels. Net interest expense was $65 million. Income tax expense in the quarter was $153 million. GAAP loss per share was $0.02. Included in GAAP diluted loss per share was a $50 million loss from the net change in fair value of our investment in C3.ai, which is recorded in other non-operating loss. Adjusted earnings per share, was $0.26. Turning to the cash flow statement, free cash flow in the quarter was $417 million. For the fourth quarter, we expect free cash flow to improve sequentially primarily driven by higher earnings and seasonality. As we highlighted in the second quarter, we still expect free cash flow conversion from adjusted EBITDA to be below 50% for the year. In the third quarter, we continued to execute on our share repurchase program, repurchasing 10.7 million Baker Hughes Class A shares for $265 million at an average price of $24.79 per share. Before I go into the segment results, I would like to remind everyone that we will be changing our reporting structure in the fourth quarter to the two business segments, OFSE and IET, which went into business segments, OFSE and IET, which went into effect on October 1. Although we will go from four reporting segments to two, our aim is to provide more transparency across the different businesses. Going forward, we will be reporting total OFSE revenue, operating income and EBITDA. We will also provide Tier 2 revenue disclosures across the four business lines of well construction, completions intervention and measurements, production solutions and subsea and surface pressure systems. We will provide a geographic breakout of OFSE revenue into four regions: North America; Latin America; Middle East, Asia; and Europe, CIS, Sub-Saharan Africa. We will be reporting total IET revenue, operating income and EBITDA. We will also provide Tier 2 revenue disclosure across the six business lines of gas tech equipment, gas tech services, condition monitoring, inspection, industrial pumps, valves and gears and other. During the fourth quarter, we will provide 3 years of restated historical financials in this format. Now I will walk you through the segment results in more detail and give you our thoughts on the outlook going forward. Starting with Oilfield Services. Revenue in the quarter was $2.8 billion, up 6% sequentially. International revenue was up 4% sequentially, led by increases in the Middle East, Asia Pacific and Latin America, partially offset by lower revenues in Russia Caspian and Europe. North America revenue increased 10% sequentially with low double-digit growth in North America land. Operating income in the quarter was $330 million, up 27% sequentially. Operating margin rate was 11.6%, with margins increasing 190 basis points sequentially. Year-over-year, margins were up 380 basis points. The higher margin rate was primarily driven by increased pricing and higher volumes, partially offset by cost inflation. As we look ahead to the fourth quarter, underlying fundamentals continue to improve with strong growth prospects internationally but with North America activity leveling off. For the fourth quarter, we expect a solid sequential increase in OFS revenue and still expect EBITDA margin rates between 19% and 20% depending on timing of completing the sale of our Russia business. Although it is still early, I would like to give you some initial thoughts on how we see the OFS market in 2023. In the international market, we expect continued broad market growth spread across virtually all geographic regions. Overall, we believe that total international D&C spending is likely to increase in the low to mid-double digits on a year-over-year basis. Our global macro risk negatively impact oil prices and, therefore, activity in some areas. We would expect the longer cycle nature of international spending to still drive double-digit growth in those scenarios. In North America, there is far less visibility, and market dynamics will be more dependent on oil prices. That being said, we expect public operators to modestly add to their 2022 exit rate while private operators could modestly decrease or increase activity depending on a number of factors. As a result, we believe this type of activity level will translate into North America D&C spending growth in the mid to high double digits in 2023. With this type of macro backdrop, we would expect to generate solid double-digit revenue growth in OFS in 2023. EBITDA margin rate for the full year should be in line with and potentially higher than the OFS fourth quarter 2022 exit margin rate. Moving to Oilfield Equipment. Orders for the quarter were $874 million, up 21% year-over-year driven by a strong increase in Flexibles as well as SPC and services, partially offset by a decrease in SPS and the removal of subsea drilling systems from consolidated results. Revenue was $561 million, down 7% year-over-year primarily driven by SPS and the removal of SDS, partially offset by growth in Flexibles, SPC and services. Operating loss was $6 million, down $20 million year-over-year primarily driven by lower volumes from SPS in the quarter and the removal of SDS. OFEs lower operating margin rate was primarily driven by lower volume, cost inflation and lower cost productivity. For the fourth quarter, we expect revenue to be flat to slightly higher sequentially with operating income still below breakeven due to cost under absorption following the suspension of recent contracts. Looking ahead to 2023, we expect continued recovery offshore as activity in several basins is set to further strengthen. We expect mid to high single-digit growth in OFE revenue driven by backlog conversion and growth in subsea services. We expect operating income for the year to be around breakeven with any potential upside driven by the timing of our cost-out and restructuring efforts. Next, I will cover Turbomachinery. Orders in the quarter were $1.8 billion, up 5% year-over-year. Equipment orders were up 13% year-over-year supported by liquefaction equipment awards for NFE and an award for power generation equipment for a major LNG project in North America. Service orders in the quarter were down 1% year-over-year driven by lower contractual services orders, partially offset by an increase in upgrades. Revenue for the quarter was $1.4 billion, down 8% versus the prior year. Equipment revenue was down 17% driven by lower backlog conversion and foreign currency movements. Services revenue was flat year-over-year primarily driven by increases in transactional services and upgrades, offset by a decrease in contractual services and foreign currency movements. Operating income for TPS was $262 million, down 6% year-over-year. Operating margin rate was 18.2%, up 40 basis points year-over-year driven by favorable services mix and productivity on equipment contracts, partially offset by cost inflation. For the fourth quarter, we expect another strong orders quarter and still expect TPS orders in 2022 to be in the $8 billion to $9 billion range. We expect a double-digit increase in TPS revenue in the fourth quarter on a year-over-year basis driven by higher equipment volume from planned backlog conversion. With this revenue outlook, we expect TPS margin rates to be moderately lower on a year-over-year basis due to a higher equipment mix compared to the fourth quarter of 2021. Looking into 2023, we expect continued strength in TPS orders in the $8 billion to $9 billion range supported by LNG and onshore offshore production. We expect TPS revenue to grow in the low 20% range in 2023 driven primarily by equipment backlog conversion. However, similar to this year, revenue growth will also be impacted by any project movements in backlog as well as foreign currency movements. On the margin side, we expect operating income margin rate to decline modestly in 2023 due to higher equipment mix as well as a step-up in R&D spending in our CTS and IAM growth areas to drive new technology commercialization. Finally, in Digital Solutions, orders for the quarter were $547 million, up 5% year-over-year. We saw improvements in oil and gas and transportation end markets, partially offset by lower power and industrial orders. Sequentially, orders were down 10% with all end markets lower. Revenue for the quarter was $528 million, up 4% year-over-year driven by higher volumes across all Digital Solutions product lines. Sequentially, revenue was up 1% driven by higher volume in Nexus Controls and PSI, partially offset by lower volume in Bently Nevada. Operating income for the quarter was $20 million, down 22% year-over-year largely driven by lower cost productivity and cost inflation as we continue to work through electronic shortages, partially offset by higher volume. Sequentially, operating income was up 11% driven by higher volumes. For the fourth quarter, we expect to see strong sequential revenue growth and a strong increase in operating margin rates. Looking into 2023, we expect DS revenues to increase mid-single digits, which assumes revenue growth from backlog conversion improvements as chip shortages ease and energy markets remain robust. This will be partially offset by expected declines across all our industrial businesses due to likely global economic weakness. We expect these volume increases to drive solid growth in operating margins. Lastly, and before we move to Q&A, I would like to thank Lorenzo and the Baker Hughes team for all their support over the years. This company has come a long way since the merger with GE Oil & Gas and is in great financial condition with a strong balance sheet and outstanding finance team. Baker Hughes is well positioned to execute on the continued transformation into a leading energy technology company. It has been a pleasure to work with all of you. With that, I will turn the call back over to Jud.
Jud Bailey: Thanks, Brian. Operator, lets open the call for questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from James West from Evercore. Your line is now open.
James West: Hey, good morning, Lorenzo, Brian and Jud.
Lorenzo Simonelli: Hi, James.
Brian Worrell: Hey, James.
James West: And Brian, as a [indiscernible] sad to see you depart Baker Hughes. Thanks for all your help and hard work all these last several years putting the companies together.
Brian Worrell: Yes. Great. Thanks, James. And Ill see you down in Chapel Hill at the being down.
James West: Exactly. Perfect. Looking forward to it. So Lorenzo, curious as we think about the cycle here, obviously, there is a bit of uncertainty in the market, but oil and gas hasnt seen much of a capital formation cycle. And so it looks to me like were in for several years of significant growth particularly in the international and the offshore markets, as you highlighted in your prepared remarks. I wonder if you could expand a little bit further on that and kind of where your customer conversations, your customer activity what youre seeing there in terms of the outlook as we go into 23 and beyond?
Lorenzo Simonelli: Yes. Sure, James. And as I mentioned in the pre-prepared remarks, overall outlook is constructive. And its definitely not free from volatility and challenges as youve seen in the continued supply chain constraints and likely global economic weakness in the broader industrial activity. But as you look at Baker Hughes, as an energy technology company, we feel were very well positioned going into 2023. And as you look at the two reporting segments, lets maybe kick off where you started. On the Oilfield Services and Equipment, again, we see a multiyear upturn in global upstream spending and double-digit upstream spending growth in 2023. As you look at offshore, as you look at the international market, weve seen Latin America come back, again, the Middle East with Saudi as well as UAE. So we feel good that it is a multiyear upstream uptick as we go forward. And then as you look at the industrial and energy technology, we continue to see the LNG upcycle. Weve mentioned before the 100 to 150 MTPA over the next 2 years. CPS remains on track to generate $8 billion to $9 billion in orders in 2022 and 2023. And as you look at some of the new recent regulations on the new energy front, we see policy movements in Europe and the U.S.A. that are likely to help support the  and accelerate some of the clean energy development. So again, market from an energy technology perspective is constructive. And then our announced restructuring provides at least $150 million of cost out. It sharpens our focus, improves operational execution and better positions us to capitalize on the quickly changing energy market. So heading into 23, while were preparing for the volatility, we are confident we can negate these and weve got the market backdrop.
James West: Okay. Thats great. And maybe if I could dig in, just a follow-up on the clean energy side, I know you and I in the past have kind of debated hydrogen versus DCS and kind of how that would play out. Does the IRA bill and the significant benefits for both, quite frankly, change and if youre thinking on kind of the timelines for both carbon capture and for hydrogen or green hydrogen and the development of those two markets.
Lorenzo Simonelli: Yes. Sure, James. And as you look at the Inflation Reduction Act, also in conjunction with the earlier past investment and Infrastructure Jobs Act, it provides significant investments and incentives for the deployment of critical decarbonization technologies. We think that, again, it will be particularly positive for green hydrogen, CCUS and direct air capture. You mentioned on hydrogen, and the act establishes a new production tax credit for $3 per kilogram from green hydrogen, and blue gets up to $1 per kilogram. So we think that these tax credits will be a significant factor in attracting capital. And I can tell you that customer discussions have actually intensified since the passing of the Inflation Reduction Act. And we see a number of projects that are looking to see how they proceed. Likewise on carbon capture and also CCUS, the bill makes a meaningful improvement on what was already out there from the 45Q. Its increasing to $85 per metric ton for geologic storage and 180 per metric ton for direct air capture. So again, these advances, in particular, have seen more conversations around direct air capture. And as you know, weve got investments from a technology standpoint in that area, and we see increasing conversations with our customers. So as we look at new energy, again, for 2022, weve already seen orders at 170. And we feel good that were going to end at the 200 or above for 2022.
James West: Alright. Thanks, Lorenzo.
Operator: And thank you. And our next question comes from Chase Mulvehill from Bank of America. Your line is now open.
Chase Mulvehill: Hey, good morning, everyone.
Lorenzo Simonelli: Hey, Chase.
Brian Worrell: Good morning, Chase.
Chase Mulvehill: Hi, Brian. Look, this is sad day. I really hate to see you go. I know I speak for everybody, and youre going to be deeply missed. I mean, I know everybody at Baker, everybody on Wall Street. So really hate to see you leave. But hopefully, we can grab a drink or something before you get out of there.
Brian Worrell: Definitely, Chase.
Chase Mulvehill: Yes. I guess I will kick a question off and ask you about capital allocation. Obviously, you have kind of continued at the same pace of buybacks, about 265 in that range every quarter. You step into 2023 free cash flow conversion is going to get better. Obviously, you look at the base business its going to continue to get better. So free cash flow could continue  should continue to expand. And you should have some excess cash that you have to decide what to do with, whether its special dividend, whether its increasing the base dividend, whether its continuing with the pace of buybacks. So how should we think about capital allocation as we kind of go forward?
Brian Worrell: Yes, Chase. Look, no real change in terms of how we think about financial policies and our philosophy here in terms of returning capital to shareholders. We are still committed to returning 60% to 80% of our free cash flow back to shareholders through both dividends and stock repurchases. As you pointed out, weve had a healthy buyback program this year. Weve already exceeded that level for this year in the first 9 months as we bought back about $727 million worth of shares, and there is more to come in the fourth quarter. And if you combine that with our annual dividend payout of about $735 million, we will likely return over or around $1.5 billion or more to shareholders this year. And as you pointed out, weve got a pretty strong track record since coming together and forming the new Baker Hughes in 2017. So look, right now, I see our stock as an attractive use of free cash flow, buying that back. As you know, we have not increased the dividend in some time. And I think going forward, looking at a combination of dividend increases over time as well as a stable, consistent buyback program is the right way to think about it. Ultimately, I believe this is an attractive shareholder return policy. And youll see us continue to use a combination and fluctuate the buyback really as we continue to generate strong free cash flow. So weve listened to what investors have been saying and taking that feedback. And I think this combo is the right way forward for Baker Hughes, especially given the strength of the portfolio and our free cash flow generation in the past as well as what it looks like going forward.
Chase Mulvehill: Alright. It makes sense. As a follow-up question, maybe this one is for Lorenzo. On the subsea business, the SPS business, obviously, Flexibles has been pretty strong. Maybe the subsea business has been maybe a little bit softer. Obviously, youve had a different strategy in the past of kind of potentially looking at alternatives for the business. But you look at into the first half of next year to potentially announce a new strategy or ultimately, what youre going to do with this business. So when we think about this business and what you could potentially do with it, could you just lay out some of the options of kind of whats youre exploring and potential go-forward for this business?
Lorenzo Simonelli: Yes. Sure, Chase. And as we have stated, we are doing a wholesale reevaluation of our SDS business, which is underway. We have already identified multiple facility rationalization opportunities. We feel increasingly confident about our ability to improve the profitability in this business. And we are evaluating a range of options that includes a smaller, more focused strategy that could be a good balance for the two major other players. And we look to complete this analysis and update you at the first part of 2023. So, feeling good about the progress, we have got the synergies that are clearly visible and looking to move to profitability.
Brian Worrell: Yes. And Chase, the only thing I will add here is just remember, there are multiple parts of this business. And we have got an incredibly strong, flexible pipe systems franchise here thats doing incredibly well with record orders sort of two quarters in a row. So, it is it is a bifurcated strategy in the portfolio here. And I am encouraged by what we are seeing so far with the changes that we have recently made. So, look forward to updating you guys more as we start to execute a little more.
Chase Mulvehill: Okay. Great. Sounds good. I will turn it back over.
Operator: And thank you. [Operator Instructions] And our next question comes from Arun Jayaram from JPMorgan. Your line is now open.
Arun Jayaram: Firstly, Brian, we wish you the best as you depart Baker Hughes, but we appreciate all the support you have provided to the sell side over the years.
Brian Worrell: Great. Thanks Arun.
Arun Jayaram: A couple of questions. First, on the LNG side, you guys have recently talked about a dynamic where some of your services work was being pushed out by LNG customers just given the strength in global LNG prices. I guess my first question is this lost revenue for Baker, or is there perhaps a catch-up in terms of maintenance work in 2023? And perhaps, Lorenzo, could you frame the longer term opportunity as the installed base of LNG rises, what could this mean for Bakers services segment for LNG?
Brian Worrell: Yes. Arun, I will start out. We did start to see some push-outs in LNG as well as some of the transactional service outages as well, just given the higher commodity prices. And our customers obviously wanted to capitalize on that. This is not lost revenue for Baker Hughes. If I look everything that has started to push out, we will see some of that coming in likely in the fourth quarter based on the schedules that I have seen. But largely, all of that will happen in 2023. The big thing that we are working through with customers right now is will there be things in 2023 that likely push out a little bit. But look, it is not lost revenue and should be a tailwind for services going forward. I mean look, I would anticipate sitting here today that there should be elevated services revenues in 2023 as operators do look to catch up on the maintenance. And just to add, look, for CSAs, its generally a three-month to six-month window that they can move things around contractually. As you know, we have guarantees associated with those. So, to keep those in place, there is a window there. On the transactional side, they have a little more flexibility, but it is a bit of a risk in terms of running things in excess of recommendations and those sorts of things. So, in the past, I have actually seen when those types of service things get pushed out where we actually get more revenue because unexpected things happen. So, again, this is a longer cycle business and what I see here is revenue definitely coming in and not lost revenue. And then I will let Lorenzo comment on the longer term outlook with the massive increase in installed base that we are seeing.
Lorenzo Simonelli: Yes. Arun, as you look at the future, again, LNG outlook is positive. As I mentioned, the 100 MTPA to 150 MTPA of LNG FIDs over the course of the next 2 years, we are comfortable that, thats coming through and also see more pipeline of projects going into 24 and 25. Already this year, you have seen 31 MTPA LNG projects. You have seen us announce the Plaquemines, Cheniere Corpus Christi. And because you look at the future, our installed base by 2025 goes up 35%. And thats good for the services. As Brian mentioned, that comes in after that. So, an installed base growing and thats 2025 and beyond is positive for our business.
Arun Jayaram: Great. Lorenzo, maybe a follow-up. You reiterated your 100 MTPA to 150 MTPA outlook over the next couple of years. You did mention how you are seeing some impacts from inflation and financing challenges, think about Driftwood. And so I just wanted to see if you could put that into context or do you expect some of the brownfield opportunities to offset some of these challenges we have seen?
Lorenzo Simonelli: Yes. Again, I would acknowledge that the environment has become more challenging, in particular, for some of the independent developers. As you mentioned, cost inflation, supply chain bottlenecks. And generally, I would say we would see the landscape may be shifting in favor of more established LNG players, those with the scale, diversity, financial strength and better placed to navigate the risks and uncertainties. Also brownfield projects and projects that utilize the fastest to market modular design are particularly advantaged in the coming years. So, it is plausible that some projects change pace, the build cycle becomes more smoother and more prolonged. But again, I feel confident in the 100 MTPA to 150 MTPA over the course of the next 2 years.
Arun Jayaram: Thank you very much.
Operator: And thank you. [Operator Instructions] And our next question comes from Marc Bianchi from Cowen. Your line is now open.
Marc Bianchi: Hey. Thank you. I wanted to start with digital and get a better understanding of where you see those margins going. If we can get  it looks like maybe revenues getting back to that $600 million level here in the fourth quarter, and perhaps margins are still quite a bit below where they were if we go back a couple of years. What do you think is needed to get those margins back to where they were in 2019 and kind of how likely is that in 23?
Brian Worrell: Yes. Marc, I would say if I look specifically into 2023, I would expect DS revenues to increase in the mid-single digit range, which assumes revenue growth from backlog conversion improvements as we start to see some of the chip shortages ease and energy markets remain robust. I do think we may see a bit of a pullback in terms of orders and revenue from some of the industrial businesses due to the likely economic weakness. So, balancing all of that, I dont see the margins getting back to those 19 levels next year, just given the level of conversion that we will have and the level of output. I mean look, while electronics are stabilized right now, I dont see them getting markedly better next year. So, we are going to be hampered probably by output. And that obviously impacts cost absorption and the ability to drive margin growth there. We are doing a lot on the cost side to continue to take costs out. But there is no reason that this business should not be back to those levels or higher once we get some of these supply chain issues completely behind us. So, the long-term outlook is still pretty good. But right now, it is a supply chain story in terms of being able to get the electronics and the chips through so we can get output. The one thing I will say, and Lorenzo highlighted this when he talked about it, we have worked on a lot of things to redesign. We have done engineering programs. We are resourcing from new suppliers. So, everything thats within our control, I have to give the team credit, they have been executing on. And as the global demand situation changes, I think you will see some improvement there.
Marc Bianchi: Okay. Super. And I will just echo what others have said, Brian. Thank you so much for your time. We are going to miss you.
Brian Worrell: Thanks Marc.
Marc Bianchi: Next question for  you bet. Next question for Lorenzo. You announced this power gen acquisition from BRUSH. I am just curious, you mentioned in the prepared remarks in the press release, like how should we think about the contribution from that business in 23 and 24? And then sort of whats the longer term opportunity?
Lorenzo Simonelli: Yes. Look, we are very excited to bring BRUSH into the Baker Hughes portfolio. And we see it playing an important role as it enhances our electromechanical capabilities within industrial and energy technology. If you look at BRUSH, its been a trusted supplier for many years. Its provided us with significant portion of the electric motors that we procure for various applications. And we see electrification playing a critical role in the decarbonizing process within the upstream oil and gas sector as well as industrial sector. So, its going to be an important part of the value chain that we wanted to address. Now that BRUSH is in-house, we can work together to shape the next generation of electric motors. You look at the specific applications of oil and gas, power supply, eLNG, distributed power and long also duration energy storage. So, if we have got a holistic view of solutions across the LNG spectrum covered from the technology perspective and BRUSH adds to that, and its got facilities located in UK, Czech Republic, Netherlands. And its going to allow us to leverage its presence in Eastern Europe to continue diversifying as well. So, feel good about the future elements and its contributions to the company.
Brian Worrell: Yes. And I would say specifically looking at 2023, Marc, I would expect revenue should be around the $200 million mark. And if I look at EBITDA, its probably in the $40 million to $50 million range. But remember, the first year of an acquisition, you have got integration costs as well as some increased amortization and depreciation in there. So, that level is probably going to be in the $35 million to $40 million range. So, you are looking at the operating income level relatively small, but definitely some strong EBITDA. And once you get through the integration and some of those early purchase accounting things, you have some very nice margins coming through this. So, we are really excited to have this technology in-house now.
Marc Bianchi: Very good. Thank you so much.
Operator: And thank you. [Operator Instructions] And our next question comes from Neil Mehta from Goldman Sachs.
Neil Mehta: Thank you, Brian. Its been a pleasure working with you here. The first question is more modeling-specific. You have provided different components of 4Q guidance by segment, but I thought it would be helpful if you could put it all together and go segment-by-segment and help us think through key modeling components as we think about the sequentials into next quarter.
Brian Worrell: Yes. If I take a step back and look at the fourth quarter overall, starting with OFS. International would expect some pretty strong growth prospects for fourth quarter. North America, I would say activity is leveling off here towards the end of the year. And that should really result in solid sequential increase from a revenue standpoint, I would say, in the mid-single-digit range. And look, as I said, EBITDA margin rates should be between 19% and 20%. And the only reason they are not firm at the 20% is just the timing of the sale of the Russia business, which we expect to happen within the quarter and the timing of that and how that plays out, Neil, will be the swing there. But look, Maria Claudia and the team have done an outstanding job and clearly have line of sight to that 20%, especially as chemicals continues to improve as they have done in the last couple of quarters. On OFE, revenue will be flat to slightly higher sequentially based on what I see from a backlog conversion. We will still be below breakeven levels due to the cost under-absorption given the suspension of the contracts that we talked about, primarily really in Russia that have come through. Switching gears a little bit, turbo, given where we are from an equipment conversion standpoint, I would expect revenues to be up double digit in the fourth quarter on a year-over-year basis. And services should show strength as well. But margin rates will likely be modestly lower on a year-over-year basis due to the higher equipment mix that we talked about compared to the fourth quarter of 2021. And then Digital Solutions, look, we have been growing backlog in that business, and you heard me talking to Marcs question there. I would expect to see strong sequential revenue growth given the backlog and what we see coming through here and operating income, a strong increase in operating margin rate. So, adding all of that up and the moving pieces, it looks to be in line with how folks are thinking about the quarter from an overall standpoint and based on what I see out there today. So, no real significant change here, but a lot of moving pieces that the team is managing and getting through.
Neil Mehta: Yes. That was super, super helpful. The only other question I had was just around FX. And maybe you could just talk about whats the move in the euro has meant for the business, and just how sensitize the model to changes in FX as well.
Brian Worrell: Yes. Look, I mean I think what we have seen recently, I think we will all agree that the change in the euro exchange rate, we havent seen anything like that in a long time. And look, if I take a step back and look at it from a revenue standpoint, the year-over-year impact was about 200 and  roughly $200 million of year-over-year revenue pressure. And the bulk of that was in turbomachinery at about $120 million. Sequentially in turbo, it was around $50 million or so. So, that gives you perspective on the top line. And from a translation standpoint, obviously, you have lower income in euros, so you have lower income in dollars coming from that. But remember, we do hedge economically. And some of those hedges are actually  those hedges were in the money just given where everything moves. So, the net impact at the overall Baker level is much less than that. But you will see some potential choppiness in the segment results as FX does move around, but largely manageable at the bottom line. You see the bigger impact in revenue.
Neil Mehta: Perfect. Thanks team.
Lorenzo Simonelli: Thanks Neil.
Operator: And thank you. [Operator Instructions] And our next question comes from Dave Anderson from Barclays. Your line is now open.
Lorenzo Simonelli: Hi Dave.
Dave Anderson: So, in the release, you mentioned the two fast track LNG projects for New Fortress. You have also been supplying modular compressor trains to Venture Global. So, I am just wondering, it would seem that your technology aside from any kind of financial considerations of your customers, but I would think this technology could enable a larger build-out or at least a quicker build-out of LNG liquefaction. You have talked about the 100 to 150 and the overall 800 million ton per annum figure for ultimate size. So, my question is, do smaller, faster LNG trains potentially push that number higher? I mean presumably we are thinking 24, 25. But could you just talk about how that market could potentially change in your favor?
Lorenzo Simonelli: Yes. Definitely, Dave. And again, I mentioned, we feel good about the LNG outlook. And we stated 100 to 150 and also mentioned that as you look at projects going forward, brownfield projects as well as those that utilize the fast market modular design are likely to be particularly advantaged in the coming years. As we look at it, we have always said we are going to have a complete solution offering for LNG. And definitely, the aspect of fast LNG and modular is gaining traction right now. And it could lead to more players coming into the field as you look at different gas reserves that are being found and also look to capitalize on those as the need for energy continues. I would say right now, still the outlook is 800 million tons by 2030. I wouldnt go off that at this time, and we will continue to monitor the situation.
Brian Worrell: Yes, Dave, I would just add that I think having that in the portfolio is very helpful. And if you think about what Lorenzo mentioned, if its fast, if its modular, if its stick build, if its large frame, Baker Hughes has that in the solution set. So, we are well positioned there. And I think ultimately, having the fast LNG offering as well as the modular can certainly help alleviate some of the pressure you see in global markets and could ultimately lead to more demand. I think its just kind of too early to call that right now, just given the volatility we are seeing. But its definitely, I think a tailwind overall for Baker.
Dave Anderson: Thats what I was getting at. And just sort of sticking on the equipment side, you also talked about the 26 compressor trains for the Jafurah Basin in Saudi. And if I also just kind of take into account the ADNOC drilling relationship you have there, I was wondering if you could help us sort of understand Bakers opportunity in the Middle East on the equipment side versus the OFS side. I normally would have thought the OFS would be still the bigger business and have the bigger growth prospects. But am I  but where does equipment fit in there? Because I wouldnt have necessarily thought that would have been a huge business, but now you can kind of really start to see that growing alongside the OFS. So, could you just frame that for us a little bit?
Lorenzo Simonelli: Yes, Dave, as you look at our equipment presence, again, we have got a long history in the Middle East, both in UAE and Saudi as well as other countries with regards to both offshore and onshore from a power generation and again, the compression standpoint. So, again, we look at the prospects of that business being very positive going forward. And again, we like the positioning we have both sides of the business there, and both have considerable growth going forward.
Dave Anderson: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: And thank you. And that was our last question. I would now like to turn the call back over to Lorenzo Simonelli for closing remarks.
End of Q&A:
Lorenzo Simonelli: Great. Thank you to everyone for joining our earnings call today. Before we end the call, I wanted to leave you with some closing thoughts. Overall, we were pleased with our third quarter results with strong performance in OFS, TPS successfully managing multiple challenges and strong orders performance in both OFE and TPS. Baker Hughes continues to execute on our long-term strategy. And while we are preparing for a volatile environment, we are confident that we can navigate these challenges with the support from our recent corporate actions and our world-class team. I want to also, again, thank Brian for his leadership, support and friendship and wish him well in his future endeavors. I also look forward to welcoming Nancy to the Baker Hughes team on November 2. Thank you for taking the time and I look forward to speaking with all of you again soon. Operator, you may now close out the call.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in the program. You may all disconnect. Everyone, have a great day.

===== 2022 Q2  (2022-07-20 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Baker Hughes Company Second Quarter 2022 Earnings Call. At this time all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions will follow at that time. As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded. I would now like to introduce your host for todays conference, Mr. Jud Bailey, Vice President of Investor Relations. Sir, you may begin.
Jud Bailey: Thank you. Good morning, everyone and welcome to the Baker Hughes second quarter 2022 earnings conference call. Here with me are our Chairman and CEO, Lorenzo Simonelli; and our CFO, Brian Worrell. The earnings release we issued earlier today can be found on our website at bakerhughes.com. As a reminder, during the course of this conference call, we will provide forward-looking statements. These statements are not guarantees of future performance and involve a number of risks and assumptions. Please review our SEC filings and website for a discussion of the factors that could cause actual results to differ materially. As you know, reconciliations of operating income and other GAAP to non-GAAP measures can be found in our earnings release. With that, I will turn the call over to Lorenzo.
Lorenzo Simonelli: Thank you, Jud. Good morning, everyone, and thanks for joining us. Our second quarter results were mixed as each product company navigated a different set of challenges ranging from component shortages and supply chain inflation to the suspension of our Russian operations. While OFS and TPS are managing through the current situation fairly well, OFE and DS have both experienced more difficulty. As we look to the second half of 2022 and into 2023, the oil markets face an unusual set of circumstances and challenges. On one hand, the demand outlook for the next 12 to 18 months is deteriorating, as inflation erodes consumer purchasing power and central banks aggressively raise interest rates to combat inflation. On the other hand, due to years of underinvestment globally and the potential need to replace Russian barrels, broader supply constraints can realistically keep commodity prices at elevated levels, even in a scenario of moderate demand destruction. As a result, we believe the outlook for oil prices remains volatile, but still supportive of relatively strong activity levels as higher spending is required to re-order the global energy map and likely offsets moderate demand destruction in most recessionary scenarios. In the natural gas market, the re-drawing of the energy map is having an even greater impact, with sustained high prices, a frenzy of offtake contracting activity, and a growing pipeline of major LNG projects that seem likely to reach FID. There has been a significant increase in long-term LNG offtake agreements in the U.S., totaling over 35 MTPA during the first half of 2022. For comparison, year-to-date LNG contracting activity is 3x greater than the average annual U.S. contracting volume going back to 2015. This sharp increase reflects the growing importance of natural gas and LNG as governments rebalance their priorities between sustainability, security, and affordability. We believe that solving this energy trilemma will be another long-term positive for natural gas. This theme will continue to grow in importance as countries around the world face acute energy shortages and are working to avoid industrial interruptions in certain sectors of their economies. Overall, we remain very positive on the outlook for natural gas. We also believe that a significant increase in natural gas and LNG infrastructure investment is required over the next five to 10 years in order to make natural gas a more affordable and reliable baseload fuel source that can be paired with intermittent renewable power sources. Against this uncertain macro backdrop, Baker Hughes is preparing for all scenarios and will continue to execute on our long-term strategy. If commodity prices remain resilient as we expect, our portfolio is well positioned to benefit from a strong LNG cycle and a multi-year upstream spending cycle. We will also continue to invest in our energy transition and industrial initiatives, while also returning 60% to 80% of free cash flow to shareholders. However, if the global economy experiences further turbulence and commodity price volatility, we believe our balanced portfolio of short and long cycle businesses will enable us to generate peerleading free cash flow and allow us to maintain our policy of returning cash to shareholders. In addition to a strong backlog that affords cash flow visibility, we have a best-in-class balance sheet that allows us to invest opportunistically, either through share buybacks or tuck-in investment opportunities. In either scenario, Baker Hughes is well positioned to create value for shareholders. From an operational and strategic perspective, we were active over the first half of the year, executing on a number of exciting tuck-in acquisitions and new energy investments such as Mosaic, Net Power, and HIF Global, which position us in key technologies for the future. We have also been focused on setting up internal commercial structures like CTS and IAM, which will help us to capitalize on opportunities in the energy transition and industrial areas. In addition to these initiatives, our time is increasingly focused on optimizing and formalizing our operations around the two core business areas of OFSE and IET. As the energy markets continue to evolve, it is becoming clearer that aligning across these two core areas makes strategic sense. We are focusing on ways to simplify our process and systems, with a distinct focus on productivity and efficiency across our operations, as we look to drive additional synergies between both TPS and DS, and OFS and OFE. We believe that this will be a significant area of opportunity for Baker Hughes, as we look to further streamline our organization and position it for the future. Now, I will give you an update on each of our segments. In Oilfield Services, activity levels continue to trend positively in both the international and North American markets and net pricing is being achieved across multiple product lines. We also see improving visibility for growth in some key areas into 2023 and beyond. In international markets, broad diversified growth continues, with recent strength in Latin America, West Africa and the Middle East. We expect growth in most international markets to continue, with the strongest increases likely to come from the Middle East over the second half of the year and into 2023. Producers in the region are committed to an orderly increase in production and are beginning to execute drilling plans to improve both oil and natural gas production capacity in the region. In North America, activity and pricing remains strong, with the rig count continuing to track above our expectations. We expect continued modest growth in rig count in the coming months, but the outlook for 2023 will be dependent on broader macro factors and oil prices. Operationally, I am pleased overall with the progress made by the OFS team during the second quarter in navigating the challenges related to Russia, as well as supply chain constraints and inflation. During the second quarter, the suspension of our OFS operations in Russia accelerated quicker than anticipated as we moved closer to reaching an agreement to sell our OFS operations in the country. Outside of the impacts from Russia, our OFS business executed well in the second quarter, with improvements in our production chemicals business. After being weighed down for several consecutive quarters by supply chain and inflationary impacts, chemicals saw a sequential increase in margins and has a line of sight to further increases in the coming quarters. Going forward, we expect to continue to drive margin improvement despite the cost headwinds from the suspension of our operations in Russia. Moving to TPS, the second quarter represented another solid performance in orders, where we remain on track to generate $8 billion to $9 billion in orders in 2022 with an optimistic view of 2023. Operationally, TPS performed well despite some revenue impacts from the suspension of operations in Russia, as well as some project shipment delays across both equipment and services. We continue to believe that we are at the beginning of another constructive LNG cycle, particularly for U.S. projects. Including the FID of VGs Plaquemines Phase 1 at the end of May and Chenieres FID of Corpus Christi Stage 3 in June, we continue to expect 100 to 150 MTPA of LNG FIDs over the next two years with additional FIDs in 2024 and 2025. During the second quarter, we were pleased to be awarded an order to provide seven mid-scale LNG trains to support the Stage 3 expansion project of Chenieres Corpus Christi Liquefaction facility. Each train is comprised of two electric motor-driven compressors producing approximately 1.5 MTPA of LNG, totaling 10.5 MTPA of production capacity. This award builds on the strong relationship between Baker Hughes and Cheniere since 2012, as we currently provide all liquefaction equipment for Chenieres Corpus Christi and Sabine Pass projects. Outside of LNG, the TPS team booked an important gas processing award in Saudi Arabia to supply 14 electric motor-driven compressors for the Jafurah unconventional gas field project, the largest non-associated gas field in the country. Baker Hughes is leveraging its local compressor packaging facility in Modon to deliver the equipment and support the Kingdoms in-country total value add program. Also, during the quarter, TPS booked an award from Tellurian to provide electric-powered Integrated Compressor Line technology and turbomachinery equipment for a natural gas transmission project in southwest Louisiana. The project is expected to supply upwards of 5.5 billion cubic feet of natural gas daily, with virtually no emissions. ICL zero-emissions is landmark technology that lowers the carbon footprint of a key segment of the natural gas supply chain and is already reducing the climate footprint of pipeline projects in many regions that deliver vital gas supplies. This order marks the first time Baker Hughes will install its ICL decarbonization technology for pipeline compression in North America. During the quarter, TPS CTS organization continued to support the growth of the hydrogen economy. TPS secured a contract with Air Products to supply advanced syngas and ammonia compression technology for the production of green ammonia for the NEOM carbon-free hydrogen and ammonia facility in Saudi Arabia. This order builds on our hydrogen collaboration framework with Air Products and leverages Baker Hughes broad experience and references in supplying syngas and ammonia compressors. Next, on Oilfield Equipment, we are encouraged to see improving demand trends across the different business areas. However, we remain disappointed with the overall level of profitability of the business and are executing on further actions to drive additional cost out and improve operations across the portfolio. At a macro level, trends in the subsea and offshore markets continue to improve and should have solid order momentum over the next couple of years. Despite recent commodity price volatility, we believe that a solid pipeline of deepwater opportunities will continue to develop across a few key markets. Importantly, we continue to see OFE gain momentum outside of Brazil with its offshore flexible pipe technology, securing several large contracts with multiple customers across the Americas and the Middle East. OFE will provide flexible pipe systems and services, including risers, flowlines and jumpers, to improve oil recovery and help to extend field life and profitability. OFE booked their highest orders ever in flexibles in the second quarter, and over $600 million in flexibles orders for the first half of the year in 2022, also a record. While activity and project awards are improving offshore, we recognize that we have work to do in OFE to drive operating margins back to an acceptable level. We are driving continued actions across the business to improve operations, while also ensuring we have the appropriate resources in place to take this business forward. We are also in the final stages of planning more integration between OFE and OFS, driving more efficient cost management across certain parts of the OFSE business area globally. Finally, in Digital Solutions, while order activity was strong in the second quarter, the business continues to be hampered by supply chain challenges, mainly electronic shortages, as well as inflationary pressures. During the quarter, DS saw continued interest for its condition monitoring systems and services in the industrial sector. Bently Nevada secured a contract to upgrade the machinery protection systems for critical machines at a steel plant in the Middle East. The contract includes Bently Nevadas latest Orbit 60 system, which will provide the customer reliable protection and will enable advanced condition monitoring without additional hardware spend. DS also gained traction with its emissions management portfolio of technologies. Following an MOU signed in February, DS secured a contract with Petrosafe for the first deployment of flare.IQ technology for refining operations in Egypt. The deployment will be implemented at the APC Refinery in Alexandria, supporting Egypts low-carbon strategy, and tackling emissions in the sector as the country prepares to host COP27 in November. We also recently reached an agreement for the sale of our Nexus Controls product line to General Electric. GE will continue to provide Baker Hughes with GEs Mark control products currently in the Nexus Controls portfolio and Baker Hughes will be the exclusive supplier and service provider of such GE products for its oil and gas customers control needs. The transaction is expected to close in the second quarter of 2023. As we have mentioned in the past, we continue to make strategic and operational changes across DS, including recent leadership changes in Bently Nevada during the quarter. We are also conducting a review of the broader DS portfolio, taking actions to ensure we have the right business composition to serve our customers and drive returns. As we move forward, there is clearly more work to do. We are committed to driving better performance, profitability and returns for the DS business. Before I turn the call over to Brian, I would like to spend a few moments highlighting some of the achievements from our Corporate Responsibility Report that was published at the end of the second quarter. This report provides an expanded view of our environmental, social, and governance performance and outlines our corporate strategy and commitments for a sustainable energy future. We again lowered our emissions footprint and expanded our emissions reporting. We achieved an 8% reduction in our Scope 1 and 2 carbon emissions in 2021 versus 2020, and a 23% reduction in 2021 compared to our 2019 baseline. We also expanded reporting of Scope 3 emissions across our value chain to include emissions from several new categories. I am also pleased to say that in 2021, we launched Carbon Out, an internal company-wide initiative to take carbon out of our operations and meet our pledge to achieve a 50% reduction in emissions by 2030 and net-zero emissions by 2050. We further expanded our programs and processes to embed Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion into our operating process. We launched a Global Council in 2021 to increase accountability on this strategic priority, and we updated our process to evaluate and reconcile pay equity across the company. Overall, Baker Hughes is successfully executing on its vision as an energy technology company and to take energy forward, making it safer, cleaner, and more efficient for people and the planet. Our Corporate Responsibility Report demonstrates our progress in many of these areas. Baker Hughes is well-positioned to drive energy efficiency gains to meet global energy demand and support broader decarbonization objectives. With that, I will turn the call over to Brian.
Brian Worrell: Thanks, Lorenzo. I will begin with the total company results and then move into the segment details. Orders for the quarter were $5.9 billion, down 14% sequentially driven by TPS and OFE, partially offset by an increase in Digital Solutions and OFS. Year-over-year, orders were up 15%, driven by increases across all four segments. We are pleased with the orders performance in the quarter, following strong orders performance in the last two quarters. Remaining Performance Obligation was $24.3 billion, down 6% sequentially. Equipment RPO ended at $8.8 billion, down 11% sequentially and services RPO ended at $15.5 billion, down 3% sequentially. The decrease in the RPO was driven by the suspension of our operations in Russia and foreign currency exchange movements. Our total company book-to-bill ratio in the quarter was 1.2 and our equipment book-to-bill in the quarter was 1.2. Revenue for the quarter was $5 billion, up 4% sequentially, driven by Digital Solutions, OFS, and OFE, partially offset by lower TPS volumes. Year-over-year, revenue was down 2%, driven by decreases in OFE and TPS, partially offset by increases in OFS and Digital Solutions. Operating loss for the quarter was $25 million. Adjusted operating income was $376 million, which excludes $402 million of restructuring, impairment, separation, and other charges. Included in these charges was $365 million related to the suspension of our operations in Russia. As I will explain in a moment, our Russian activities were either prohibited under applicable sanctions or unsustainable in the current environment. Adjusted operating income was up 8% sequentially and up 13% year-over-year. Our adjusted operating income rate for the quarter was 7.5%, up 20 basis points sequentially. Year-over-year, our adjusted operating income rate was up 100 basis points. Adjusted EBITDA in the quarter was $651 million, up 4% sequentially and up 6% year-over-year. Adjusted EBITDA rate was 12.9%, up 100 basis points year-over-year. Our adjusted operating income and adjusted EBITDA margins were largely impacted by the suspension of our Russia operations during the quarter and foreign currency exchange movements. Corporate costs were $108 million in the quarter. For the third quarter, we expect corporate costs to decline and be more in line with first quarter levels. Depreciation and amortization expense was $275 million in the quarter. For the third quarter, we expect D&A to decline roughly $5 million sequentially as a result of the impairments taken in the second quarter. Net interest expense was $60 million. Income tax expense in the quarter was $182 million. GAAP diluted loss per share was $0.84. Included in GAAP diluted loss per share are $426 million of losses related to our OFS business in Russia due to its classification as held for sale at the end of the second quarter. Also included was an $85 million loss from the net change in fair value of our investment in ADNOC Drilling, and a $38 million loss from the net change in fair value of our investment in C3 AI; all of which are recorded in other non-operating loss. Adjusted earnings per share were $0.11. Turning to the cash flow statement, free cash flow in the quarter was $147 million. Free cash flow in the quarter was impacted by lower collections, which are largely timing related, as well as a build in inventory as we get ready to execute on our large order backlog. For the third quarter, we expect free cash flow to improve sequentially, primarily driven by higher earnings and seasonality. We now expect free cash flow conversion from adjusted EBITDA to be below 50% for the year, due to lower cash generation from Russia. In the second quarter, we continued to execute on our share repurchase program, repurchasing 6.7 million Baker Hughes Class A shares for $226 million, at an average price of $34 per share. Before I go into the segment results, I would like to give you an update on our Russia operations, how these impacted our second quarter results, and how the current situation factors into our forward outlook. As I mentioned earlier, our OFS business in Russia was classified as held for sale at the end of the second quarter. During the second quarter, we took the step to suspend our Russia OFS operations to ensure compliance with all sanctions. As a result, our OFS Russia revenue declined 51% sequentially to approximately $60 million in the second quarter, leading to meaningful cost under absorption as we maintained our full cost base. Looking ahead, we are required to maintain our operating costs in the country until we reach a resolution for our Russian operations. In TPS, we have suspended work on equipment and service contracts in Russia. As a result, these projects have been removed from RPO and second quarter revenue was impacted by roughly $160 million but with minimal impact to TPS operating margins. For the full year, we estimate that TPS revenue will be impacted by approximately $400 million but, again, with minimal impact to TPS margins in 2022. In OFE, we have suspended all equipment and service contracts in Russia. OFE will be impacted by lower volume and cost under absorption over the next few quarters due to the removal of these projects from RPO. Now I will walk you through the segment results in more detail and give you our thoughts on the outlook going forward. Starting with Oilfield Services, revenue in the quarter was $2.7 billion, up 8% sequentially. International revenue was up 8% sequentially led by increases in Sub-Saharan Africa, Latin America, Europe, and the Middle East, partially offset by lower revenues in Russia Caspian. North America revenue increased 9% sequentially, with low double-digit growth in North America land. Operating income in the quarter was $261 million, up 18% sequentially. Operating margin rate was 9.7%, with margins increasing 80 basis points sequentially driven by price improvements and productivity, partially offset by impacts from Russia and cost inflation. Year-over-year, margins were up 240 basis points. Excluding Russia, OFS operating margin rate was 10.3% and OFS EBITDA rate was 18%. As we look ahead to the third quarter, underlying energy fundamentals continue to improve, and we expect to see growth in both International and North American activity, as well as continued improvements in pricing. For the third quarter, OFS revenue should increase sequentially in the mid-single digit range. With this revenue framework, we would expect our margin rate to increase by approximately 50 to 100 basis points sequentially, which assumes that we will continue to carry between $25 million to $30 million of cost per quarter related to Russia. For the full year 2022, we continue to see an improving outlook across most major markets. In the international markets, we expect the continuation of a broad-based recovery with industry-wide activity growth in the mid-double digits. In North America, we expect continued activity increases, with the broader market set to experience strong growth of 50% or greater. Given this macro backdrop, we would expect OFS revenue to increase in the mid-double digits in 2022. We expect EBITDA margin rates to increase over the next two quarters and to be between 19% and 20% in the fourth quarter, depending on timing of the resolution of our Russia business. Moving to Oilfield Equipment, orders for the quarter were $723 million, up 6% year-over-year, driven by a strong increase in Flexibles and Services, partially offset by a decrease in SPS and the removal of Subsea Drilling Systems from consolidated results. Revenue was $541 million, down 15% year-over-year, primarily driven by SPS, SPC, and the removal of SDS, partially offset by growth in Services and Flexibles. Operating income was negative $12 million, down $40 million year-over-year, primarily driven by lower volume in the quarter. OFEs lower operating margin rate was primarily driven by lower volumes in SPS and some operational challenges on certain projects. Although OFE has had to navigate some challenges this year, the current level of performance is unacceptable and, as Lorenzo mentioned, we are evaluating additional ways to drive cost-out and better operating performance, which includes more integration across OFS and OFE. For the third quarter, we anticipate revenue to be approximately flat to down low-single digits sequentially, depending on the timing of backlog conversion. We expect operating income to be below breakeven due to cost under absorption following the suspension of contracts related to Russia. For the full year 2022, we still expect a recovery in offshore activity and project awards, which should help drive a double-digit increase in orders. We expect OFE revenue to decline double digits, primarily driven by the deconsolidation of SDS, and OFE margins to be below breakeven. Next, I will cover Turbomachinery. Orders in the quarter were $1.9 billion, up 23% year-over-year. Equipment orders were up 38% year-over-year, driven by a gas processing award in Saudi Arabia and an order for Chenieres Corpus Christi Stage 3 expansion. Service orders in the quarter were up 14% year-over-year, driven by installation orders and growth in contractual and transactional services, partially offset by a decrease in upgrades. Revenue for the quarter was $1.3 billion, down 21% versus the prior year. Equipment revenue was down 30% driven by changes in project schedules, and foreign currency movements. Services revenue was down 11% year-over-year driven by a decrease in upgrades, transactional services, and Russia-related impacts during the quarter, offset by contractual services. Operating income for TPS was $218 million, down 1% year-over-year. Operating margin rate was 16.8%, up 330 basis points year-over-year. Margin rates in the second quarter were favorably impacted by higher services mix. Overall, the TPS team has navigated multiple headwinds as the year has unfolded, including Russia-related impacts, foreign currency movements, and a challenging supply chain environment. Despite these headwinds, we still feel confident in the full year operating income outlook relative to our expectations at the beginning of the year. For the third quarter, we expect revenue to increase mid-single digits on a year-over-year basis, driven by higher equipment volume from planned backlog conversion. With this revenue outlook, we expect TPS margin rates to be moderately lower on a year-over-year basis, depending on the ultimate mix between equipment and services. For the full year, we still expect TPS orders to be between $8 billion and $9 billion, driven by increasing LNG awards. We now expect revenue growth to be roughly flat to up low-single digits versus 2021. The lower revenue growth versus expectations earlier in the year is primarily driven by the suspension of operations in Russia, the depreciation of the euro versus the dollar, and some modest changes in project execution schedules. On the margin side, we now expect operating income margin rates to be slightly higher on a year-over-year basis, depending on the mix between services and equipment. Finally, in Digital Solutions, orders for the quarter were $609 million, up 13% year-over-year. DS continues to see a strengthening market outlook and delivered growth in orders across Oil & Gas and Industrial end markets. Sequentially, orders were up 7% driven by higher Industrial and Power orders. As oil and gas end markets finally start to recover, DS orders are now at the highest level since the fourth quarter of 2019. Revenue for the quarter was $524 million, up 1% year-over-year, driven by higher volumes in PPS and Waygate, partially offset by lower volume in Bently Nevada and Nexus Controls. Sequentially, revenue was up 11%, driven by higher volume in PPS, Bently Nevada and Nexus Controls, partially offset by lower volume in PSI. Operating income for the quarter was $18 million, down 28% year-over-year, largely driven by mix, inflation and lower productivity. Sequentially, operating income was up 21%, driven by higher volume. Overall, DS continues to be affected by both chip and electronic component availability shortages, negatively impacting the convertibility of our backlog and our ability to drive higher productivity. As Lorenzo mentioned, we continue to make strategic and operational changes across DS designed to improve performance, as evidenced by recent leadership changes and the recently announced sale of Nexus Controls to GE. For the third quarter, we expect to see low-single digit sequential revenue growth and a slight increase in operating margin rates. For the full year, we expect DS revenue growth in the mid-single digit range and operating income margin rates to average in the mid-single digits for the full year. With that, I will turn the call back over to Jud.
Jud Bailey: Thanks, Brian. Operator, lets open the call for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from James West with Evercore. Your line is open.
James West: Hey, good morning, guys.
Lorenzo Simonelli: Hi, James.
Brian Worrell: Hi, James.
James West: So Lorenzo and Brian, Id love to just kind of flush out Russia. Its obviously been a lot of noise the last two quarters and something you guys are working to resolve. Id love to kind hear how youre thinking about the ultimate resolution here to Russia, whether its your management buyout or outright sale? And also kind of when we should expect kind of the numbers to  I know you have it held for sale now, so theyre a little bit out of the income statement. But when we should expect to see the numbers from Russia no longer be something we even need to talk about and just kind of the final last flush, who will hunt on the Russia situation?
Brian Worrell: Yes. James, look, youre right. Theres been a lot about Russia over the last couple of years. And just to frame it up for you, when I step back and take a look at the full year, there is going to be some impact on operations, obviously, due to the disruption and the suspension of our operations, but also just as you point out just managing through this and the time commitment from dealing with the complexities of the current environment. So at the beginning of the year, we were expecting around $300 million of EBITDA for Russia this year. And our Russian operations are generally quite accretive to our overall mix, really due to the risk premium of operating there, as well as some business mix primarily in TPS services, as well as in some OFS product lines. And look, we did generate some level of this EBITDA in first quarter and quite a bit less in the second quarter. So when I think through the rest of the year, OFS is the largest product line that we have in Russian. And we will see cost under absorption there with virtually no revenue generation, roughly about $25 million to $30 million per quarter that will remain in place until we get resolution of a transaction, whether its an outright sale or a management buyout. Look, were continuing to work that. And James were working hard on things that are in our control and trying to those done quickly. Some of its out of our control. So for planning purposes, Im thinking by the end of the year that should be done. Well try to get it done sooner if we can. But I will point out that Maria Claudia and the team have been able to offset some of the negative impacts from Russia in other areas across the world. And so, theyve done a nice job there and really their overall outlook hasnt changed versus our first quarter earnings call. So offsetting a lot of that Russia impact in other parts of the world. The biggest negative impact for Russia this year is likely in OFE where some of the contracts that were quite profitable and sizable have now come out of the backlog. And as you know, it takes time to get cost out of the business to be able to deal with that. So thats where youll see the biggest impact. And then TPS, like I talked about earlier, youll see some revenue impact there, but roughly margin impact is de minimis. You might see some movement across quarters in terms of timing of how things were laid out, but generally no real impact there. And so like Ive said earlier, short-term discontinuity, long-term manageable for Russia. And then James, just kind of to round out the year for you as youre thinking through it, while its not direct  its not directly related, FX is obviously being impacted by whats going on in Russia and the overall macro environment. And Id say its worth highlighting that with the weakness in the euro versus the dollar relative to our original plan, well have about $200 million to $300 million of revenue pressure. To be clear, our costs are coming down as well. But the actual translation of income from euro to dollar is going to be slightly lower. So that kind of rounds out how were thinking about Russia and the full year there. So like I said, manageable over the long-term.
James West: Okay. Okay. Brian, thats very helpful. And then maybe just a quick follow-up for me on the overall OFS business. Were at this stage, I think, in the cycle where were going through somewhat of a tipping point. Lots of countries, lots of national oil companies trying to ramp up activity, so they can ramp production into an undersupplied market. And so I guess, maybe Lorenzo or Brian, are you in agreement with that, that there is somewhat of an inflection point underway? And then secondarily, kind of where do you expect to see the most benefit from that in the second half and then as we enter 2023?
Lorenzo Simonelli: Yes, James. And again, as you say, and based on our conversations with our customers, internationally, we continue to expect a broad-based recovery, all major geographies really growing and growing up to double digits. As we look at Middle East, that could be one of the strongest markets in 2022 with a lot of that coming through in the second half, as we stated before. Youve seen their capital budgets increase. We also see strength in Latin America led likely by Brazil and Mexico. And then also, as we look at North Sea and Asia Pacific continuing to see solid growth in 2022, not as strong as Middle East or Latin America, but still solid growth. And lastly, West Africa should see pretty good growth off a low base. As you look at North America, again, activity and pricing remained strong, the rig count continuing to track above our expectations. And we expect continued activity increases with the broader market sector experience strong growth of 50% or greater. So again, as you look at the rest of 2022, barring any, again, big changes from a recessionary outlook perspective, we remain constructive.
James West: Okay. Very helpful. Thanks, guys.
Operator: Our next question comes from Chase Mulvehill with Bank of America. Your line is open.
Chase Mulvehill: Hey, good morning, everybody.
Lorenzo Simonelli: Hey Chase.
Chase Mulvehill: I guess the first question, you mentioned a couple of times about business realignments and opportunities to better streamline the organization and ultimately unlock more synergies. It seems like its really kind of between TPS and DS and then also on the OFS and OFE side. So Lorenzo, I dont know if you could spend some time here to just kind of expand on exactly kind of what youre doing here and then maybe help us understand the potential financial impact of some of these synergies.
Lorenzo Simonelli: Yes, sure, Chase. And as we think about when we formed the company back in 2017, running it across four product companies made the most sense based on the size of each business, the outlook at the time. As you know, the business has run relatively independently of each other with separate leadership and other supporting functions, finance, communications, technology. As weve evolved, the energy markets have evolved also, and the outlook for some of the businesses have changed quite a bit. And so we think that theres the opportunity to manage them differently as well. And as youve seen over the years, weve made a couple of divestments, made some of them smaller. And so we conducted a broader portfolio review that could lead to some further changes. And as a result, we think there are multiple ways we can drive more alignment between TPS and DS as well as OFS and OFE that can drive synergies between the businesses. Also, youll recall that last year, we started saying we were evaluating our corporate structure across the two broad business areas of IET and OFSE. And weve been conducting an exhaustive and deep analysis. So as part of this exercise, weve been looking at a number of organizational structures that could make sense. So in summary, weve got several things that were evaluating. We think there are synergies as we go forward to drive better productivity and efficiencies across the organization, and we know what needs to be done.
Brian Worrell: Yes. Hey, Chase, on the financial side, Id say its probably  it would be a bit premature for me to give you a range at this point in time. Theres definitely opportunity there, and we see synergies. Were still working through that. I feel good about where we are and what well be able to drive there. I talked about earlier some more synergies with OFE and OFS as we look to make OFE more profitable. So look, well update you guys when we feel like weve got a solid number that we can talk to you about.
Chase Mulvehill: Okay. All right. Perfect. Follow-up, just want to pivot over to kind of Europe and the energy crisis there. It seems like that theres lot of worries around winter and soaring energy prices and the potential for some rationing of supply in the winter. So really, I guess, maybe two questions for you. Number one is, could you help us kind of understand your European manufacturing exposure and how energy intensive your manufacturing footprint is across Europe? And then number two, what steps are you taking to mitigate the potential power rationalization that could happen in the winter in Europe this year?
Lorenzo Simonelli: Yeah, Chase and Ill cover both of them as we go through this, because generally we dont see a major risk to operations imminently but were continuing to monitor the situation carefully and also putting in place contingencies in the event of disruptions or power outages to facilities. Most importantly, we use most of the gas within our TPS business through the string test. Weve got a number of those scheduled during the winter, and were looking at ways to proactively manage that. I think its important to remember that we are considered a critical industry and as the designation we had during the pandemic period will be protected in the event of any gas shortages and so we feel that weve got enough contingency in place as we go forward. And it shouldnt be a major factor.
Brian Worrell: Yeah. And Chase, Id say the one other thing that weve been working on for quite sometimes, its not like weve just started today, is weve been working with our supply base and weve actually shifted some supply out of Europe for energy intensive in supply like castings and forgings and where we still have that supply in Europe. We are working with the supply base to make sure we understand what risk is there. And I have to give kudos to the supply chain team for working through that for the last few quarters.
Chase Mulvehill: Very good to hear. Thanks for all the color. Ill turn it over.
Operator: Our next question comes from Arun Jayaram with JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Arun Jayaram: Yeah. Good morning. My first question is just on LNG. You guys continue to highlight $8 billion to $9 billion of inbound orders in TPS for 2022. I was wondering if you could talk about visibility in the second half and end into 2023. And if youre seeing more interest in some of the modularized solutions that you have kind of put forward with Venture Global?
Lorenzo Simonelli: Yeah, definitely Arun. And look as you think about the leading edge indicators for LNG they remain extremely positive. And based on our conversations with customers, the pipeline of opportunities has continued to grow since the first quarter call. If you look at overall growth in projects, we are seeing a notable trend towards modular LNG designs, as well as fast LNG concepts. And given the success that weve demonstrated with Venture Global and the speed to market of the modular designs, this presents a growing opportunity. I think, as you look at other indicators just look at the activity on long-term supply agreements. I mentioned in the prepared remarks that weve seen over 35 MTPA contracted under long-term agreements so far this year, and thats three times greater than the average for the entire year going back to 2015. Another good data point Conoco agreeing to an investment in Port Arthur which again reflects the attractiveness of LNG from a long-term perspective, so overall we still feel comfortable with the 100 MTPA to 150 MTPA of FIDs over the course of next two years and also continuing FID activity in 2024, 2025. Just to frame it up this year, so far weve already booked 27 MTPA with the awards of VG Plaquemines, Cheniere, Corpus Christi Stage 3 and also some other small award for NFE. So for the year, feel good about the $8 billion to $9 billion of orders for TPSs and also looking out into 2023. Again, consistent with what we said before, feel good about $8 billion to $9 billion of orders for TPS.
Arun Jayaram: Great. And maybe one for Brian Im trying to better understand within DS, maybe the disconnect between some of the order strength that you talked about, just overall profitability converting that those orders into cash flow?
Brian Worrell: Yeah. The biggest thing we have going on in DS right now, thats preventing us to be at the levels that of conversion that we would normally be is really around chip and component shortages. So thats really impacting convertibility of the backlog and negatively impacting delivery schedules, as well as our ability to drive more productivity with more volume flowing through the business. We did see a little bit of pressure from cost inflation as well as a little bit of labor inflation, but weve been pushing through pricing increases to offset those pressures. And if I take a step back and look at whats happening with the chip and component shortages, weve been working this for some time and our on-time delivery rate particularly in Nevada to our customers have  we think after [ph] this quarter but to give you perspective Arun, right now, were sitting at 60% on-time delivery from our suppliers of electronics and chips to us. And its been stable at that 60% for some time. The problem is the P80 confidence interval, as in terms of the lateness is more than doubled from third quarter of last year from 11 days to 25 days. So on top of that lead times have gone up by two and a half times. So planning and working through that volatility is really whats been pushing the team a bit in terms of things being laid into the factory. Weve been running engineering programs for redesigns. Weve got projects and programs in place right now that are going through testing that should come out of testing and all indications are pretty good that will come through in August. So were anticipating the convertibility and on-time delivery of us to our customers going up here, but fundamentally thats what the core issue is in DS. And once we are through that, youll see the profitability of this business improve because its at higher gross margins. So team is all over it. Working it a lot, were just in the mix of whats going on in the broader industry here. And Id say working everything we can in our control. The good news as you point out is demand is pretty strong. Orders are back up to high levels. Were not seeing any cancellations. Customers really want the product and services. So everybody is on deck to work the supply chain issues with the electronics.
Arun Jayaram: Okay. Thanks a lot, Brian.
Operator: Our next question comes from Marc Bianchi with Cowen. Your line is open.
Marc Bianchi: Hey, thank you. I think if Im  if Ive got my math correct here, it seems like fourth quarter could be sort of bracketing consensus, depending on what happens with OFS in Russia. Maybe if you could comment on whether that conclusion is correct. And what gives you confidence in kind of that significant increase from third quarter or fourth quarter?
Brian Worrell: Yes. Marc look, your math is certainly in the right ballpark for what we see as a potential for fourth quarter. Id say a couple of things. That underpin our view of the quarter one, OFS is quite strong even with the Russia implications you saw the performance in the quarter was pretty solid. We see pretty strong growth there, especially internationally where weve got obviously a pretty good presence and have been doing well there over the last few quarters, look. And the other thing I would say is TPS generally has a very strong fourth quarter just given the seasonality of that business particularly in the services franchise. And then if you look at the backlog, the schedules that are there with customers, how things are lining up, weve been growing backlog and I dont see any execution issues there or any significant issues coming from customers that would impact that delivery schedule today. And look, those things really offset the weakness really in OFE because of the Russia contracts being suspended and coming out of RPO. So look, we understand whats got to happen. The teams are aligned to get it done, but its not outside the realm of what weve seen before in terms of the jump in fourth quarter.
Marc Bianchi: Okay, great. And then, I guess just kind of zeroing in on TPS a little bit more for fourth quarter, it would appear that the margin rate is got to be sort of flattish from third quarter to fourth quarter there which to your point, you usually get a pretty strong improvement in the fourth quarter. Could you just unpack that a little bit for us?
Brian Worrell: Yes. Marc, again, it basically comes down to the mix between equipment and services. Youre right. Youd usually do see an uptick in fourth quarter because of the services mix coming in strong, just given the timing of what was laid out from a schedule in the backlog. And then some of the pushes that have come out of this quarter into later in the year, we are anticipating a pretty large equipment number in the fourth quarter that will mitigate some of that upside that you see from a stronger services, so it really ultimately will come down to the mix of equipment and services. And look as we talk with you guys before about, we really run those businesses that drive higher profitability in both, and the ultimate margin rate in any given quarter really just comes down to the mix of how much services come through versus equipment.
Marc Bianchi: Okay, great. Thanks. Ill turn it back.
Operator: Our next question comes from Scott Gruber with Citi. Your line is open.
Scott Gruber: Yes. Good morning. I wanted to just turn back to digital. Brian, you mentioned how your efforts at managing a tight supply chain will begin to bear fruit here. But are you also seeing the supply chain itself improve? Were starting to hear about more general chip availability? Are you seeing improvement in the availability of the chips that that you order and if so is there a line of sight to seeing a normalization of deliver timing in digital and when could that happen?
Brian Worrell: Yes. Look, I think talking specifically about chips first; I havent seen a lot of relief yet as we talked about here in terms of what was going on with late deliveries. But we do believe based on what our suppliers are telling us and how were working with them and what were hearing from others that we should start to see some relief in the second half. A lot of thats driven by these programs that Ive talked to you about where weve changed supply and standardized some things, so theres more availability and would anticipate a better overall environment in this space in 2023. When I look at sort of your question around broader supply chain and really not only in DS, but outside of DS things have been relatively stable. But theres definitely some tension in the system in a couple places. Id say that the biggest challenge for us continues to be in chemicals where were seeing shortages in specialty chemicals. Commodity chemicals are pretty stable now and Id say almost back to normal in terms of how were planning and operating there. You continue to see pricing for metals like copper, steel, nickel stabilizing and some have actually gone down, but are still elevated versus 2021 but manageable, and look weve been working twice hard to make sure we can offset that. And then I talked a little bit about what was going on in Europe with energy pricing and some availability around alloys and pig iron, and how weve been diversifying supply based there? And Id say the big thing were working through there Scott is just really around lead times. And validity of quotes from suppliers as weve got all these orders coming in or specking out orders for TPS, we want to make sure that were protected on that input cost side. So weve tightened our order validity as well to deal with that. And as I said, weve moved some supply to other parts of the world where we already had supplier set up and weve worked with for a long time, but diversifying that to get at some of those impacts. So stabilizing I think is the right term there and just back to the chips, were  we think well see some relief in the second half, but looking forward to a better 2023.
Scott Gruber: Got it. And turning to the service side of TPS, just given how high LNG prices have been? Have you seen much deferral of maintenance within TPS and if you are seeing this a bit, how long could this last? And Im asking, because obviously LNG prices could sustain at a very high level through the winter, so Im curious if there is a drag on service demand in TPS could that actually expand into 2023? Or is this just not possible from an operational risk perspective?
Lorenzo Simonelli: Yes. Definitely and again on the contractual side, again were seeing the anticipation of the outages and customers continuing with the contractual side. On transactional services customers are looking to defer the maintenance as you say to produce at the higher commodity prices. Thats just being the further and they will have to catch up so that comes in later on. And again as you go through the actual cycle, youd see that normalizing itself.
Brian Worrell: Yes. Scott, just to add one thing on the contractual services side; you have to remember the guarantees that we have in place and the bonus/malice structure. The changes in schedule really have to happen within a certain window especially around like limited parts and inspections and things for those guarantees to continue to hold. So yes, while prices are high, and youre going to have to have some outages, its definitely the right risk call to make sure the equipment is maintained and is running because, again an unplanned outage is much worse than a planned outage. So look, we work proactively with customers on those schedules, but we havent seen any significant movements there. And its  the contracts are pretty good from that regard.
Scott Gruber: Got it. Appreciate the color. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Neil Mehta with Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Neil Mehta: Thank you, Team. I know were at the top of the hour, so Ill be quick here with two questions. The first is, what is your latest thoughts around return of capital? The company did buy back stock in the second quarter at a higher price than where we are right now. But of course, you have to weigh that return of capital with a slightly lower free cash flow outlook that you talked about on the call and economic uncertainty. So any color there? And then the second question is, just your latest thoughts on closing the sum of the parts gap and whether it makes sense to be a combined business or to ultimately break the businesses apart? So two strategic questions. Thank you.
Brian Worrell: Yes. Neil, Id say first on capital allocation. Look, our intention to return 60% to 80% of our free cash flow back to shareholders through dividends and buybacks is unchanged. And during the first six months of the year, we have bought back $462 million of our shares, so roughly about $75 per month. We talked about what the average price was. It did VWAP in the quarter. So happy about that. And I would say that well probably continue roughly at the same level that youve seen here in the third quarter as the final tranche of the GE sell down happens. And then as weve said consistently, well  once that is done, well take a step back and relook things. For free cash flow, we talked about the impact of Russia in the quarter, but fundamentally, no real change to the free cash flow generation capabilities of the portfolio. So again, I see this as a short-term discontinuity, something that we can manage through long-term. So no real change there from a capital allocation standpoint. And then look, in terms of the company and how were structured, we talked about some of the steps that we have taken to better align the businesses and drive some of the synergies there. As I said, were working through that, and Ill update you on those synergies that we see from some closer alignment. But look, weve always talked about the scale and size of the combined organization and how thats a positive for growth and profitability. The current environment that were operating in certainly makes us appreciate the scale, diversity and financial strength of the company. So look, well continue to weigh the benefits around scale with our customers, the same customer base, technology overlaps that drive a better cost or competitive position and obviously, the operational benefits of sharing infrastructure around the world and what that delivers for the company with the potential benefits of a more purely focused entity. But right now, Id say we like what were doing. Well continue to update you guys if there are any changes in our thought process. But look, overall, and like Ive said many times, overall return and ability to drive return on invested capital and higher margins and free cash flow for shareholders is whats going to drive the decision.
Neil Mehta: Thank you.
Operator: Thats all the time we have for questions. Id like to turn the call back over to Lorenzo Simonelli for closing remarks.
Lorenzo Simonelli: Thanks, and thanks to everyone for joining our earnings call today. Just before we end, I want to leave you with some closing thoughts. Despite some of the challenges this quarter, we continue to remain optimistic on the outlook across both of our core business areas given the need for energy, sustainability, security and affordability. At Baker Hughes, we continue to execute on our long-term strategy. Our portfolio is well positioned to benefit from a strong LNG cycle and a multiyear upstream spending cycle. Well also continue to invest in our new energy transition activities and industrial initiatives while also returning 60% to 80% of free cash flow to shareholders. So thanks a lot for the time, and look forward to speaking to you all again soon. Operator, you may close the call.
Operator: Thank you. This does conclude the program. You may now disconnect. Everyone, have a great day.

===== 2022 Q1  (2022-04-20 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen and welcome to the Baker Hughes Company First Quarter 2022 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded. I would now like to introduce your host for todays conference, Mr. Jud Bailey, Vice President of Investor Relations. Sir, you may begin.
Jud Bailey: Thank you. Good morning, everyone and welcome to the Baker Hughes first quarter 2022 earnings conference call. Here with me are our Chairman and CEO, Lorenzo Simonelli; and our CFO, Brian Worrell. The earnings release we issued earlier today can be found on our website at bakerhughes.com. As a reminder, during the course of this conference call, we will provide forward-looking statements. These statements are not guarantees of future performance and involve a number of risks and assumptions. Please review our SEC filings and website for a discussion of the factors that could cause actual results to differ materially. As you know, reconciliations of operating income and other GAAP to non-GAAP measures can be found in our earnings release. With that, I will turn the call over to Lorenzo.
Lorenzo Simonelli: Thank you, Jud. Good morning, everyone and thanks for joining us. Our first quarter results reflect operating in a very volatile market environment during the first few months of 2022. On the positive side, TPS orders were up over 100% year-over-year, with TPS book-to-bill of 2.2 as the LNG order cycle continues to unfold. We also experienced some challenges in parts of our business due to continued pressures from broader global supply chain constraints as well as some impact from the recent geopolitical events. As we look ahead to the rest of 2022, we see a favorable oil and gas price backdrop as well as a dynamic operating environment with perhaps the most challenging supply chain and inflationary environment we have seen in several decades. The recent and unfortunate geopolitical events are amplifying several trends, including broad-based inflation and supply pressure for key materials, commodities and labor. These events are also driving changes on the economic front, where the world is transitioning from an era of strong economic growth to an environment that is more tenuous and likely to feature diverging economic conditions regionally. Despite broader political uncertainty around the world, Baker Hughes is committed to helping deliver energy globally in a safe, clean and reliable manner, while also maintaining our commitment to net zero carbon emissions and leadership in the energy transition. To meet the worlds energy needs in a responsible manner, we believe multiple years of spending growth will be required as well as significant increase in LNG infrastructure investment. While there is some near-term risk on the demand side, we expect global oil and gas supply to remain constrained in the coming years, which should support higher commodity prices and multiple years of spending growth from our customers. Recent geopolitical events have severely constrained what was already a tight global natural gas market and have refocused the world on the importance of energy security, diversity and reliability. As the world reacts to the rapid changes in the global commodity market, governments are prioritizing natural gas and LNG as a key transition and destination fuel. We continue to see a focus on prioritizing LNG from stable, lower cost markets and locations that can provide cleaner LNG. Given the current LNG price environment and the quickly changing dynamics, we believe that global LNG capacity will likely exceed 800 MTPA by the end of this decade to meet growing demand forecast. This compares to the current global installed base of 460 MTPA and projects under construction totaling almost 150 MTPA. In order to be operational by 2030, this additional capacity will need to reach FID by around 2025. Despite the volatile yet improving medium-term macro environment, Baker Hughes remains focused on executing our strategy and we continue to drive further optimization across the two core business areas of OFSE and IET. Earlier this year, we created Climate Technology Solutions, or CTS, and Industrial Asset Management, or IAM. The creation of these two groups is critical to accelerating the speed of commercial development across our key growth areas of new energy frontiers and industrials. We continue to make steady progress in developing our Climate Technology Solutions capabilities with recent investments and partnerships in NET Power, HIF Global and the acquisition of Mosaic Materials, which features a promising direct air capture technology. Mosaics materials science and technical expertise including their unique metal organic framework technology provides Baker Hughes with the potential to efficiently capture low concentrations of CO2 across a number of applications. NET Power is an emission-free gas-to-power technology, where Baker Hughes will develop supercritical CO2 turboexpanders and other critical pumping and compression technology. We will also bring system integration and process knowledge experience to the partnership to help accelerate the market positioning and deployment of NET Powers emission-free and low-cost electric power. HIF Global develops projects in multiple geographies to produce e-fuels by blending green hydrogen and CO2. Baker Hughes is investing alongside EIG, Porsche, AME and Gemstone and will provide compressors, turbines, pumps, valves and other technology on future projects. We are also discussing how our recently acquired Mosaic Materials DAC technology could be incorporated into these future projects. Overall, we are excited about adding another carbon capture technology to our portfolio and the potential of these two partnerships to open new market opportunities in clean power and low carbon fuels for Baker Hughes. In Industrial Asset Management, we signed an important agreement with Accenture, C3.ai and Microsoft to collaborate on the build-out of the IAM solutions offering. The partnership will focus on creating and deploying Baker Hughes IAM solutions that use digital technologies to help improve the safety, efficiency and emissions profile of industrial machines, field equipment and other physical assets. In addition to advancing our commercial efforts in CTS and IAM, we also remain focused on optimizing our broader organizational structure under the core business areas of OFSE and IET. At the beginning of April, we took some steps to strengthen and better position Oilfield Services to more closely align our products, services and solutions to the lifecycle of the well and ultimately to what our customers require. OFS will move from a product line oriented structure to a solutions-focused business, centered around well construction, completions, intervention and measurements, and production solutions. In addition to the organizational changes in OFS, we were pleased to announce an agreement to acquire Altus Intervention, a leading international provider of well intervention services and downhole technology. The acquisition complements OFS existing portfolio by enhancing our life of wealth capabilities as operators look to improve efficiencies from mature fields. Maria Claudia and the OFS team are enhancing their operating model to become more competitive, improve the speed of decision-making and capitalize on growth opportunities in the market. These organizational changes are important steps in the OFS journey as customers are increasingly asking for integrated offerings and more solutions-oriented outcomes as well as a continuation of the strong productivity improvements in OFS over the past few years. As we continue to evolve Baker Hughes across the two business areas of OFSE and IET, we expect more meaningful synergy opportunities between TPS and DS. We are also focused on driving better returns in our OFE business as well as further synergies between OFS and OFE. Now, I will give you an update on each of our segments. In Oilfield Services, activity levels at the start of the year have continued to trend positively in both the international and North American markets. We also see improving visibility for stronger growth in several key areas over the rest of 2022. In the international markets, underlying activity is improving broadly with particular strength in Southeast Asia, Latin America and the Middle East. The uncertainty in Russia is an offset. We expect growth in most international markets to continue with the strongest increases likely to come from the Middle East over the second half of the year and into 2023. Producers in the region are in the early stages of investing in capacity expansion and should help drive a multiyear increase in activity across the region. In North America, drilling and completion activity continues to move solidly higher with further increases expected over the course of the year. Although current oil and gas prices would normally suggest a stronger increase in activity, the combination of E&P capital discipline and industry shortages in labor and equipment is likely to keep short-term incremental increases more moderate in nature. While we are pleased with the growth in activity and the growing pipeline of work in many regions, underlying operations continue to be impacted by supply chain and inflationary pressures and most recently, disruption to our operations in Russia. Our OFS team is working extremely hard to offset these headwinds and with price increases, sourcing actions and a global team working to solve logistics constraints. The product line that continues to feel the most supply chain-related pressure is our production chemicals business, where we have taken actions to enhance our sourcing and manufacturing functions. In addition to recently enacting a supply surcharge and changing out some of the leadership in our chemicals business, we are also taking steps to source and produce chemicals closer to key demand hubs with the opening of our production chemicals facility in Singapore later this year and the recently announced JV with Dussur in Saudi Arabia. As we look over the balance of the year, we remain committed to achieving a 20% EBITDA margin by the fourth quarter. Moving to TPS, the first quarter represented a continuation of the successes we achieved in 2021. TPS orders totaled $3 billion for the second consecutive quarter, driven again by strong orders in LNG. We believe that we are at the beginning of another constructive LNG cycle, which is being expedited by the current geopolitical situation, particularly for U.S. LNG projects. Our positive long-term view is also supported by the recent improvements in policy sentiment in certain parts of the world towards natural gas role within the energy transition. The recent EU taxonomy changes to now include natural gas as a transition fuel is an example of this and the added need to diversify and provide energy security will likely intensify policy efforts. As these market dynamics play out, a number of projects should accelerate and we now believe that 100 to 150 MTBA of LNG FIDs will be authorized over the next 2 years, with additional FIDs becoming more likely in 2024 and 2025. Given the strong TPS orders performance in the first quarter as well as the acceleration in timing for several LNG projects, we now expect TPS orders to increase in 2022 versus 2021. During the first quarter, we were pleased to be awarded a major order to provide an LNG system for the first phase of Venture Globals Plaquemines LNG project. We will be providing 24 modularized compression trains for the first phase of the project and this award is part of a 70 MTPA master equipment supply agreement. The highly efficient liquefaction train system is modularized, helping to lower construction and operational costs with a plug-and-play approach that enables faster installation and first cargo. This important order builds on an award in the fourth quarter of 2021 for power generation and the electrical distribution equipment for the comprehensive power island system for the Plaquemines project. The Plaquemines order follows a similar contract for VGs Calcasieu Pass LNG terminal in 2019. In 2021, Baker Hughes successfully completed delivery of the ninth and final block for Calcasieu Pass. All shipments were finalized ahead of schedule and excellent achievement by our team. Calcasieu Pass holds the global record for the fastest construction of a large scale Greenfield LNG project moving from FID to first LNG in 29 months. Outside of LNG, we booked an award for NovaLT16 turbines, which will run on 100% hydrogen for Air Products new net zero blue hydrogen energy complex in Edmonton, Alberta. Our collaboration with Air Products will be critical for a net zero future and this order follows the award we received for advanced compression technology for the NEOM carbon-free green hydrogen project. We were also pleased to be awarded a contract by TERNA to supply gas turbines and compressors that can run on a blend of natural gas and hydrogen for a new compression station for the Greek natural gas transmission system. Baker Hughes will provide free compression trains deploying our NovaLT12 hydrogen-ready gas turbines and PCL compressors with the capability to transport up to 10% hydrogen for this project. The project directly supports the EUs hydrogen strategy goals to accelerate the development of clean hydrogen and show its role as a cornerstone of a climate-neutral energy system by 2050. These latest hydrogen orders build on Baker Hughess extensive experience in developing and supplying turbomachinery equipment to compress, transport and utilize hydrogen. Next, on Oilfield Equipment, we are encouraged to see improving demand trends across the different business areas. Although recent world events impacted first quarter results, we remain disappointed with the overall level of profitability. At a macro level, trends in the subsea and offshore markets continue to improve. In the subsea tree and flexible pipe market, we expect a solid increase in industry awards this year as a firm commodity price outlook supports a growing pipeline of deepwater opportunities in core markets. In our international wellhead business, we also see a positive order outlook across multiple regions and particularly in the Middle East. In the first quarter, we were awarded a contract in Asia to provide subsea wellheads and subsea production systems plus related services, including 12 subsea trees for a deepwater gas field. We also achieved our first award in Ivory Coast, where we will supply subsea trees, flexible flow lines and rises to develop the Baleine deepwater oil field. In Latin America, we were pleased to build on our flexible pipe business success, securing awards for flexible pipe systems in services that will be deployed across a number of key post-salt revitalization programs, enabling increased oil recovery and extending the life of multiple subsea developments. Finally, in Digital Solutions, order activity remains solid with growth across our industrial end markets as well as improvement in the oil and gas markets. DS continues to be affected by supply chain challenges and electronic shortages as well as continued inflationary pressures. The team is working tirelessly to manage the situation and navigate the evolving supply chain issues that have been exasperated by recent events. In the first quarter, we made a number of changes in the DS business as we look to improve the overall performance. We unified our unique sensor business units, Panametrics, Reuter Stokes and Druck under one product line, Precision Sensors and Instrumentation, or PSI. As a combined business, PSI will better support potential investment opportunities crucial for the future development and help optimize the unique technology and commercial requirements of each brand. Unifying the businesses will also help drive better cost and operational performance. While we recognize that there is still more work to do, we also continue to make key personnel and operational changes across DS to drive performance, profitability and return improvements and to ensure that we have the right team in place to take this business forward. During the quarter, Bentley Nevada secured an important contract with a refiner in Brazil. Our ARMS reliability OnePM solution will support the customers operations by providing visibility on over 10,000 assets. We will be providing optimal digital strategies to support asset integrity and availability, which will lead to maintenance cost optimization and effectively enable risk management while delivering enhanced performance. Despite some of the challenges this quarter, we are optimistic on the outlook across both of our core business areas and excited about the new energy investments we are making for Baker Hughes. We believe that we are well-positioned to benefit from an extended cyclical recovery in OFSC and longer term structural growth trends in LNG, new energy and industrial asset management. Importantly, we expect to generate strong free cash flow as the cycle plays out and remain committed to returning the majority of it back to shareholders. With that, I will turn the call over to Brian.
Brian Worrell: Thanks, Lorenzo. I will begin with the total company results and then move into the segment details. Orders for the quarter were $6.8 billion, up 3% sequentially driven by OFE and TPS partially offset by a decrease in Digital Solutions and OFS. Year-over-year, orders were up 51%, driven by increases across all four segments. We are particularly pleased with the orders performance in the quarter, especially in TPS, following a strong orders performance in the fourth quarter. Remaining performance obligation was $25.8 billion, up 10% sequentially. Equipment RPO ended at $9.9 billion, up 20% sequentially and Services RPO ended at $15.9 billion, up 4% sequentially. Our total company book-to-bill ratio in the quarter was 1.4 and our equipment book-to-bill ratio in the quarter was 1.9. Revenue for the quarter was $4.8 billion, down 12% sequentially with declines in all four segments. Year-over-year, revenue was up 1%, driven by increases in OFS and Digital Solutions partially offset by decreases in OFE and TPS. Operating income for the quarter was $279 million. Adjusted operating income was $348 million, which excludes $70 million of restructuring, separation and other charges. Adjusted operating income was down 39% sequentially and up 29% year-over-year. Our adjusted operating income rate for the quarter was 7.2%, down 320 basis points sequentially. Year-over-year, our adjusted operating income rate was up 160 basis points. Adjusted EBITDA in the quarter was $625 million, down 26% sequentially and up 11% year-over-year. Adjusted EBITDA rate was 12.9%, up 120 basis points year-over-year. As I will expand in a moment, our adjusted operating income and adjusted EBITDA margin rates were impacted by geopolitical events as well as broader global supply chain challenges. Corporate costs were $105 million in the quarter. For the second quarter, we expect corporate costs to be roughly flat compared to the first quarter. Depreciation and amortization expense was $277 million in the quarter. For the second quarter, we expect D&A to be slightly up compared to first quarter levels. Net interest expense was $64 million. Income tax expense in the quarter was $107 million. GAAP diluted earnings per share was $0.08. Included in GAAP diluted earnings per share is an $85 million gain from the net change in fair value of our investment in ADNOC drilling and a $74 million loss from the net change in fair value of our investment in C3.ai. Both are recorded in other non-operating loss. Adjusted earnings per share were $0.15. Turning to the cash flow statement, free cash flow in the quarter was negative $105 million. Free cash flow in the quarter was impacted by lower collections from a select number of international customers, which are largely timing related as well as a build in inventory as we get ready to execute on our large order backlog. For the second quarter, we expect free cash flow to improve sequentially, primarily driven by higher earnings and stronger collections. We continue to expect free cash flow conversion from adjusted EBITDA to be around 50% for the year, but anticipate the majority of our free cash flow to be generated over the second half of 2022. The quarterly progression should be more in line with what we experienced during 2018 and 2019. In the first quarter, we continued to execute on our share repurchase program, repurchasing 8.1 million Baker Hughes Class A shares for $236 million at an average price of just under $29 per share. As of March 31, GEs ownership of Baker Hughes Class B shares represented 4% of the total company, down from just over 11% at the end of 2021. GEs overall ownership of Class A and Class B shares was 11.4% at the end of the first quarter, down from 16.2% at the end of 2021. Before I go into the segment results, I will comment on the current situation in Russia and how it currently factors into our broader outlook. Russia represented roughly 4% of total company revenue in the first quarter and we recently announced that we have halted all new investment in the country. Additionally, sanctions from the U.S., UK. and the EU continue to evolve and are making ongoing operations increasingly complex and significantly more difficult. As a result, we expect erosion of our Russia-related revenues over the course of 2022, particularly in OFS. However, the pace and magnitude of this is difficult to predict given the dynamic nature of the situation. Therefore, there is a range of possible outcomes we are preparing for across our product companies. On broader supply chain, while we did see some areas stabilize in the first quarter, there continues to be pressure on electronics, challenges in logistics and an evolving understanding of implications due to global and geopolitical uncertainty. We remain focused on being adaptable to deliver for our customers and on our commitments. Now I will walk you through the segment results in more detail and give you our thoughts on the outlook going forward. In Oilfield Services, the team delivered a solid quarter despite some of the global challenges. OFS revenue in the quarter was $2.5 billion, down 3% sequentially. International revenue was down 7% sequentially, led by declines in the North Sea, Russia Caspian, the Middle East and Latin America. North America revenue increased 6% sequentially with solid growth in both North America land and offshore. Operating income in the quarter was $221 million, down 14% sequentially. Operating margin rate was 8.9% with margins declining 110 basis points sequentially driven by lower volume, less favorable mix and continued inflationary pressure in the Chemicals business. Year-over-year, margins were up 230 basis points. As we look ahead to the second quarter, underlying macro fundamentals continue to improve, and we expect to see strong growth in both international and North American activity, as well as improvement in pricing. This is likely to be partially offset by weakness in Russia. We estimate that our second quarter revenue should increase sequentially in the mid to high single-digit range. With this revenue framework, we would expect our margins to increase by approximately 100 to 200 basis points sequentially. For the full year 2022, we see an improving outlook across most major markets, which is partially tempered by global supply chain and geopolitical factors. In the international market, we expect the continuation of a broad-based recovery with industry-wide activity growth in the low to mid-double digits. In North America, we expect continued activity increases with the broader market set to experience strong growth in excess of 40%. Given this macro backdrop and some of the headwind considerations I noted earlier, we would expect OFS revenue to increase in the low to mid-double digits. The largest variable to this range is the number of potential outcomes in Russia. Despite this uncertainty, we still expect margin rates to increase throughout the year and continue to target 20% EBITDA margins by the fourth quarter. Moving to Oilfield Equipment. Orders for the quarter were $739 million, an increase of over 100% or $394 million year-over-year. The strong orders performance was driven by SPS, supported by a large subsea tree contract in Asia, along with growth in flexibles, surface pressure control and services. As a reminder, we removed subsea drilling systems from consolidated OFE operations when we completed the merger with MHWirth in the fourth quarter of 2021. Revenue was $528 million, down 16% year-over-year, primarily driven by SPS, SPC and the removal of SDS, partially offset by growth in services and flexibles. Operating loss was $8 million, down $12 million year-over-year, primarily driven by lower volume in the quarter. OFEs lower revenue and operating margin in the quarter were driven by lower equipment backlog conversion in SPS. For the second quarter, we anticipate revenue to be approximately flat to up mid-single digits sequentially, depending on the timing of backlog conversion. We expect operating income to be around breakeven or slightly positive. For the full year 2022, we expect a recovery in offshore activity and project awards, which should help drive a solid increase in orders when adjusting for the removal of SDS. We expect OFE revenue to decline double digits, primarily driven by the deconsolidation of SDS and OFE margin rate to be in the low single-digit range. Next, I will cover Turbomachinery. The team delivered another strong quarter with solid execution. Orders in the quarter were $3 billion, up $1.6 billion year-over-year, a new quarterly record for TPS. Equipment orders were up $1.5 billion year-over-year, driven by a significant award to provide an LNG system for the first phase of VGs Plaquemines LNG project in North America. Service orders in the quarter were up 8% year-over-year, primarily driven by growth in contractual and transactional services, partially offset by lower order volumes and upgrades. Revenue for the quarter was $1.3 billion, down 9% versus the prior year. Equipment revenue was down 26%, driven by timing of project execution. Services revenue was up 6% year-over-year, driven by higher volume in upgrades, pumps and valves. Operating income for TPS was $226 million, up 9% year-over-year. Operating margin was 16.8%, up 280 basis points year-over-year. Margin rates in the first quarter were favorably impacted by higher services mix and strong cost productivity, especially on projects at or near completion. For the second quarter, we expect revenue to be flat to up mid-single digits on a year-over-year basis driven by higher equipment volume from planned backlog conversion. With this revenue outlook, we expect TPS margin rates to be roughly flat slightly higher versus the second quarter of 2021, depending on the ultimate mix between equipment and services. For the full year, we expect strong growth in TPS orders versus 2021, driven by increasing LNG awards. We also continue to see a solid pipeline in our onshore/offshore production segment along with opportunities in pumps, valves and new energy areas. While we expect very strong growth in orders, revenue growth should likely range between high single digits to low double digits. On the margin side, we continue to expect operating income margin rates to be roughly flat year-over-year in 2022, depending on the mix between services and equipment. As we mentioned last quarter, included in this framework is an expected increase in investments and R&D expenses that relate to our new energy and industrial growth areas. Finally, in Digital Solutions, orders for the quarter were $567 million, up 3% year-over-year. DS continues to see a strengthening market outlook and delivered growth in orders across most end markets. Sequentially, orders were down 6%, driven by typical seasonality. Revenue for the quarter was $474 million, up 1% year-over-year primarily driven by higher volumes in precision sensors and instrumentation and weight gate, partially offset by lower volume in PPS, Nexus Controls and Bently Nevada. Sequentially, revenue was down 15% driven by typical seasonality and challenges in the global environment, particularly supply chain. Operating income for the quarter was $15 million, down 38% year-over-year largely driven by headwinds from electronics shortages, some cost inflation and COVID-19-related lockdowns in China. Sequentially, operating income was down 71% driven by lower volume. For the second quarter, we expect to see strong sequential revenue growth and operating margin rates back into the mid-single digits. For the full year, following five quarters in a row of positive book-to-bill, we expect solid DS revenue growth as supply chain constraints begin to ease over the second half of the year and backlog conversion improves. With higher volumes, we expect to see strong improvements in DS margins, which should approach high single digits for the total year. Overall, we have navigated a volatile environment during the quarter, delivering strong orders across the company and positioning to execute on our record backlog. Despite very troubling and challenging geopolitical events and broadly stressed global supply chains, we are confident in our ability to adapt and execute as the rest of the year unfolds. With that, I will turn the call back over to Jud.
Jud Bailey: Thanks, Brian. Operator, lets open the call for questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question coming from the line of James West with Evercore ISI. Your line is open.
James West: Hey, good morning, Lorenzo, Brian.
Lorenzo Simonelli: Hi, James.
James West: So, Lorenzo, you had some great detail on the LNG outlook. But I was wondering if we could get a little more color from your conversations specifically with customers as things have clearly changed pretty dramatically in the last 8 or 9 weeks as LNGs come into focus here. And if you could maybe provide us what they are saying, what their urgency level is, kind of just a little more detail on how those conversations are going and how accelerated this buildout cycle could be.
Lorenzo Simonelli: Yes. Sure, James. And I think its clear the unfolding situation in Europe has definitely accelerated the pace of discussions on the next wave of LNG projects aiming to take FID. Weve already started to see market momentum pick up in 2021, as country set net-zero targets and also started to realize the role of natural gas and what it would play in the energy transition. Now Id say we are arguably in the early stages in what could be a multi-year reorganizing of the global energy system. And with that, it will take time for the LNG landscape to evolve. And based on the discussions with customers, we see a significant step-up in a number of customers looking to take earlier FIDs with also increased long-term supply agreements. We now expect 100 to 150 MTPA to take FID over the next 2 years, with the potential of more FIDs in 24 and 25. As you know, a lot of these projects are in the U.S. So this  U.S. should be a big better and fishery as these redrawing of the global energy map. But also as we look at other places such as East, Middle East, Mexico and also Asia, were seeing increasing interest from customers. I think were very well positioned with some interesting concepts around flexibility and also speed to market. And with our highly efficient modularized reflection train system, which again was emphasized in VG, we are helping to lower construction and operational costs with the plug-and-play approach that enables faster installation, so feeling good about the LNG outlook for the number of years.
James West: Sure. Thanks for that, Lorenzo. And then maybe just a quick follow-up for me, you made this investment in April, a few weeks ago or a week ago with HIF Global to expand, I think, e-fuels. Could you maybe comment on what exactly is going on there, what that market looks like? How you see that playing out?
Lorenzo Simonelli: Yes, sure, James. HIF is a great opportunity, and were pleased to be involved with this customer, and its another example of how collaboration can really help to drive the energy transition. HIF Global develops projects to produce e-fuels by blending green hydrogen and CO2. And weve invested alongside AME, EIG, Porsche and Gemstone, great partners to really help HIF continue to develop carbon neutral e-fuel projects in the United States, Chile and Australia. With a small minority investment in this equity round we will be providing compressors, turbines, pumps, valves and other technology on future projects. And I think whats interesting here is, again, as you look at electricity-based fuels or e-fuels, their clean carbon-neutral fuels produced from renewable green hydrogen and carbon dioxide taken from the atmosphere. And they can be used by existing cars and trucks without any modification to the engines, and e-fuels require no new infrastructure transportation or filling station. So a good opportunity and an expanding market for us.
James West: Okay. Thanks, Lorenzo.
Operator: Our next question coming from the line of Chase Mulvehill with Bank of America. Your line is open.
Chase Mulvehill: Yes. Good morning, everyone.
Lorenzo Simonelli: Hi, Chase.
Brian Worrell: Hi, Chase.
Chase Mulvehill: Hi, Brian. Hi, Lorenzo. I guess kind of a follow-up question on James, a question around LNG. And obviously, youve taken up your guidance for LNG  or sorry, for TPS orders this year based on strong LNG. So youve been guiding flat. Now you expect kind of strong order growth momentum. So I dont know if you want to kind of quantify what strong means. And then we kind of all understand whats happening in LNG and accelerated growth opportunities here. But maybe just step back a little bit and talk about your upstream onshore, offshore order opportunities. Because it ultimately looks like the base orders related to kind of some of the onshore/offshore stuff has taken a step higher as well.
Lorenzo Simonelli: Yes, Chase. On TPS, again, were seeing a continued order momentum that we saw start at the end of 21, and its really accelerated in 22, primarily driven by LNG, also the new energy opportunities, even though they are smaller in nature. But when you look at the LNG projects that are moving forward as I mentioned before, and you think about the likely timing, it could translate in an order number for TPS of $8 billion to $9 billion in 2022. And importantly, based on customer discussions, wed expect our order levels to remain elevated in 2023 as well. As you can see, a lot of this on the LNG projects is a pull forward and also strong long-term LNG fundamentals. And we also see a continued traction in the new energy space. And as you saw again in the first quarter, we booked some awards on the new energy space, and were still at the upper end of our 100 to 200 range as we continue to see new energy orders in 2022.
Chase Mulvehill: Okay, alright. Thats helpful there. Nice to hear. Strong orders are going to continue into 2023 for TPS. The follow-up is really obviously, the Russia-Ukraine conflict is causing Europe and other countries to focus on energy security. Obviously, this is positive on the LNG front. But what does that ultimately mean for the energy transition? Do you think that it actually slows the pace of adoption? Does it speed it up? Like what does it mean for energy transition?
Lorenzo Simonelli: Yes, Chase, its a question that many are posing then. I think the focus right now in the near-term has switched to energy security, reliability and diversity. But we dont believe that sustainability goes away. And in fact, if you look at some of the policies even introduced in Germany, the 2035 Energy Plan still continues focus on sustainability. We think the current environment will actually accelerate clean energy initiatives, particularly for fuels like hydrogen, which EU is making a large part of its long-term energy plan. What were seeing from the current situation is that you cannot become too reliant on one country or one source of energy. So diversity of supply is critical. And we think that pragmatism has come back into this discussion and the role of energy. Not just renewables but also, as weve mentioned before, gas playing a key critical role. Given the elevated commodity prices, a number of major oil companies and NOCs are going to report good profits and free cash flow. We think they will use this to continue actually developing and accelerating their carbon or decarbonization plans as well as healthy shareholder returns. And you can see that also with an example like Aramco with its CapEx plan that includes significant hydrogen. So we think Baker Hughes is very well positioned then with gas, LNG, hydrogen, CCUS, oil and pipelines. And weve got the technologies that are going to continue to drive this transition.
Chase Mulvehill: Alright. Perfect. Thanks, Lorenzo.
Lorenzo Simonelli: Thanks.
Operator: Our next question coming from the line of Connor Lynagh with Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
Connor Lynagh: Yes, thanks. I was hoping maybe we could talk a little bit more about Russia. So just wanted to understand, first off, the data point on the 4% of revenues. Is that already fully accounting for any ruble depreciation impacts? And so is what youre basically guiding to, to actual activity declines? And Im curious further to that, is it  at this point, you have received notification from your customers that your activity will decline or is that just your expectation based on what youre seeing in the market?
Brian Worrell: Yes. Connor, to hit the first part, this does include the impact of what was going on with the ruble. And as you know, its been down and up again and is relatively stable at this point in time. And you hit it, it represented roughly about 4% of revenues in the first quarter. And look, Id say in terms of how were thinking about it for the full year, you got to take a step back and realize that sanctions from the U.S., UK. and EU continue to evolve and are evolving and are making ongoing operations increasingly complex and a bit more difficult. And kind of to give you some perspective on the quarter, we did see some decremental impact on EBITDA, about the same level on EBITDA that as Russia represented in terms of revenue of the total company. And it was really driven from lower volumes from not being able to move people and assets into the country. Id say there were also some logistical delays and delivery challenges, which largely impacted OFE in both equipment and services. And then we also saw some logistical delays and delivery challenges in TPS, primarily in services as well. So those were the two areas that we saw the most significant impact in the quarter from Russia. And if you a step back and look at what we talked about going forward and kind of the framework that we tried to provide you for the year, we did contemplate everything that we know today and the anticipation that things are going to continue to evolve there. So based on what we talked about in terms of the revenue outlook for OFS, up low to mid-double digits, the low end really assumes that our OFS Russia operation declines over the course of the year to basically an immaterial level, so by the end of the year, really, really low there. We do have inventory in the country. But given the sanctions, are unable to import key technologies for some of the services. So there will be a drop off over the course of the year, barring something unforeseen. And there will be some impacts in TPS associated with that. But look, as we get more clarity on the situation, we will clearly react and take the appropriate cost actions to offsetting the declines in volume, which we also included in the framework that we provided you. And then, as you think about Russia and the impact on the global environment, were obviously working through supply chain challenges that come with things coming out of Russia and Ukraine, or not as the case may be. And then, Connor, you got to take a look to  there is going to be some offsetting activity increase to soak up the supply to meet the demand that goes away from potential declines in Russian output. And as you know, thats not going to be one-for-one in terms of timing. So we are seeing increased activity in North America. Youve seen increased plans, particularly in the Middle East to invest more to bring more supply to market. So we will see some impacts from that, but there is likely to be a delay versus the impact you see in Russia.
Connor Lynagh: Yes, thanks for all that color. The last portion you were talking about there was my follow-up. So basically, at this point, have you seen any of your major international customers alter plans or accelerate plans or indicate that they are planning to accelerate? Certainly, it seems like there is going to be some loss of Russian oil volumes to the market. I am curious how some of these bigger companies are going to respond to that?
Brian Worrell: Yes. Yes, we are seeing customers talk about increasing their spend plan. I would say particularly, we have seen that in the Middle East and have started to see awards increase. And I think you will start to see some of that flow through here in the second half of the year and into 23. Obviously, we talked about the outlook in North America. Thats clearly a reaction to whats going on in the market and whats happening in Russia. And look, Lorenzo talked about what we are seeing in TPS orders for the year, and the situation has current  has certainly had an impact on that. And ironically, a little bit Connor, as I look at everything we are seeing right now, 23 is shaping up with some pretty good visibility, maybe even a little better than 22, because of the volatility right now. But with the backlog that we are building on the back of potentially $8 billion to $9 billion of orders in TPS with some service tailwinds, you saw service orders up in TPS 8% this quarter with strong returns and cash flow, with a lot of operators, I think you are likely to see that continue. And then we talked about what you are seeing in the upstream space. And I talked about that timing disconnect and things coming in later, I think 23 is shaping up with pretty good visibility and is looking to be pretty strong based on what we are seeing today. So look, we will manage through the volatility in 22, but I think we are positioning things to be able to take advantage of the broader context of things going on in the marketplace across the portfolio.
Connor Lynagh: Got it. Thanks very much.
Operator: And our next question is coming from the line of Scott Gruber with Citigroup. Your line is open.
Scott Gruber: Yes. Thanks. So, just building upon Connors last question there, it sounds like the visibility into 23 is improving. Whats the potential for the international OFS market to actually see an acceleration in spending in 23, given the fact that budgets for this year were set before the surge in oil prices? And some additional color, if you will, on longer cycle projects, building in the queue to support growth in 23 and beyond.
Lorenzo Simonelli: Yes, Scott, just on OFS international outlook. Based on the conversations with our customers, we expect a broad-based recovery internationally with all major geographies and overall international growth in the low to mid-teens. We believe Middle East could be one of the strongest markets in 2022 and is likely in the early stages of a growth cycle as the NOCs in the region look to add production capacity on a gradual long-term basis, so good outlook going into 2023 as well. And we also expect to see another strong year of growth in Latin America, led by Brazil and Mexico. And then as we go forward, we would expect North Sea and Asia Pacific to see solid growth in 2022. Not as strong as Middle East or Latin America, but solid growth. And lastly, West Africa is also seeing some incremental activity and strong growth as we go forward. I think on the offshore side, we would say at a macro level, the trends in the subsea and offshore markets continue to improve. And as you look at our first quarter as well from an orders perspective, you can see that. In the subsea tree and flexible pipe market, we expect to see a solid increase in industry awards this year, and see it coming back for the foreseeable future.
Scott Gruber: Got it. And with some of the international operators pulling forward some projects and responding to oil prices, can you provide some color on the pricing trends you are seeing on the international side OFS market? I imagine things are getting better. But do you foresee sufficient momentum there to propel above normal incrementals in 23 and continue to expand your margins beyond the 20% threshold?
Lorenzo Simonelli: Scott, generally speaking, we are starting to get good pricing leverage and getting net pricing, particularly in North America, but also in some of the international markets. Right now, it varies by market, but we are having more success and better discussions around higher pricing levels.
Brian Worrell: Yes. And look, I would say particularly from an OFS perspective, as the chemicals business recovers, I would expect to see some improvement in incrementals there. And then the only thing I would say, Scott, is we are all dealing with inflation in the market and we are working hard to get surcharges in and price increases in. But thats something you got to take into consideration as you think about the next 12 months or so.
Scott Gruber: Thanks. I appreciate the color.
Operator: And our next question is coming from the line of Arun Jayaram with JPMorgan Chase. Your line is open.
Arun Jayaram: Yes. Good morning. You booked Plaquemines, the LNG system this quarter with Venture Global. And I believe Calcasieu Pass was booked in the third quarter of 2019. So, I was wondering if you could talk a little bit about the margin potential of this project relative to Calcasieu Pass, and obviously a much more challenging supply chain and inflationary environment, and what are you doing in order to protect your margins from those inflationary pressures?
Brian Worrell: Yes. Arun, look, we are very pleased that we have gotten the second phase of our work with VG here with Plaquemines. And look, I think its fair to assume that margins will be similar to what we saw on Calcasieu. I mean there is a couple of things going on here. Obviously, we have got experience with this type of project with this customer before. So, there are some natural synergies that come through in this project that we didnt have in the first one. You did mention inflation there. Obviously, we have priced that in and have worked on productivity to help offset that as well. And look, you can imagine as we have said before, when we quote and when we win orders, we go out and we place orders for long lead items. Certainly have a view of what we believe is happening in the market today and what will happen and take the appropriate actions to protect ourselves and the customer from that inflation as much as possible. But look, this is a great order for us. Its similar to what we did with Calcasieu. And you heard Lorenzo talk about we delivered all these modules ahead of schedule, which was very helpful for VG getting to first cargo in record time. So, our track record here is pretty good, and we are really excited about this space and this order and our partnership with VG.
Arun Jayaram: Great. And I just had a follow-up. I think you delivered Calcasieu Pass in less than 30 months or so, which is very, very impressive. One of the questions we have been getting from clients just given whats going on in LNG is this fast LNG concept, which is offshore  either these are generally a third of the size of some of the onshore facilities. But could you talk a little bit about that? Does Baker have a toolkit that can participate in the offshore LNG market? How do you see this playing out? And is this a sandbox you do want to play in?
Lorenzo Simonelli: So Arun, I think you know well, we have capability and capacity to handle many different types of LNG equipment orders at the same time. We have got great capability in our facilities. And as you look at the 30 years we have been in LNG, we have always been looking at new technologies to reduce the cycle time and also to plug-and-play. So, this new modularized approach of fast LNG can be applied both to onshore and offshore. And the number of customer discussions are intensifying around the speed to market. So, I think again, with the technology enhancements we have made, we are well positioned to capture the market here.
Arun Jayaram: Great. Thanks a lot.
Operator: And our next question is coming from the line of Stephen Gengaro with Stifel. Your line is now open.
Stephen Gengaro: Thanks. Good morning gentlemen.
Lorenzo Simonelli: Good morning.
Brian Worrell: Good morning.
Stephen Gengaro: Can you  do you mind going back to your prepared comments on your oilfield services side and some of the changes you have made there. Can you talk about sort of the path to 20% EBITDA margins by the end of the year and maybe with some color around the impact of some of these changes you have made?
Brian Worrell: Yes. Look, so I would say overall, we still feel confident, Stephen, in hitting our margin target rates and getting OFS to a 20% EBITDA margin rate on a consistent basis. And I would say from here, there is a couple of things that should drive margin improvement. The biggest driver will be better profitability in our chemicals business which, as you know, has been squeezed by higher input costs, higher logistics and shipping costs and some raw material shortages. As Lorenzo mentioned, we put in pricing increases and surcharges to help offset that. But chemicals had about 170 basis point drag on OFS margins in the first quarter. So look, normalization of broader logistics and supply chain issues that have disrupted shipment schedules here in the quarter should also help with that. These two issues, if you combine with the volume improvement that we are expecting, should be enough to get us to the 20% level. In addition, we are set to bring on new chemical plants in Singapore and Saudi in 22 and 23, which will lower the cost for chemicals, get us closer to some of our customers and give us some advantages for our Eastern Hemisphere delivery. We are also continuing to work other productivity initiatives with Maria Claudia and the team, primarily around service delivery, with our remote operations continuing to drive margin improvements there. And we have been executing on supply chain rationalization as well as sourcing from some lower-cost countries, and thats been part of a multiyear plan. So, we have got a lot of things that we have been working and are continuing to work to get the margin rates to that 20% level. But as I said, sort of broader supply chain and logistics and normalization of the chemicals margins, which we think have troughed here in the first quarter will get us there, and then there should be some icing on top.
Lorenzo Simonelli: And Stephen, just to add, the new organization that we announced is going to improve the speed of decision-making and also be able to capitalize on the growth opportunities in the market. So, its very much customer focused and allows us to be more responsive and more comprehensive in our integrated solutions and capture more of the market share of operating costs related to spend. So, its what our customers have been asking for, and we are delivering.
Stephen Gengaro: Thanks. And as a quick follow-up, on the chemicals  on the supply chain side, I mean clearly, Russia kind of disrupted what looked like, I think stabilization. But whats your visibility and sort of confidence that things will sort of start to normalize here as you get into the second half of the year?
Brian Worrell: Yes. Look, I would say we started to see some encouraging signs in the latter part of the fourth quarter as chemical prices started to stabilize and logistics started to look a bit better. But obviously, with everything going on in Russia and the increase in commodity prices thats created some more headwinds. We have seen stabilization in the broader base chemical space. But I would say where inflation is still tough is in the specialty chemical market. And as I mentioned, we had some unique issues with the supplier who had a facility that was basically shutdown and getting that facility back up and running has taken them a bit longer. So, we have been having to get some alternative supply. Thats starting to normalize as well. So, we should see some recoveries come through. And then look, we have made some changes. We recently changed out leadership in chemicals. We are doing some specific things in supply chain to deal with the current environment. We broadened our sourcing relationships just given what we experienced with this large supplier that we had. We have actually taken a look and have eliminated some products where volumes were low and margins were relatively low to free up the capability to focus on some areas where we make more money and deal with some of the supply chain challenges and focus the team there. And then with the new factories coming on, its allowed us an opportunity to take a step back and look at the overall supply base, how we are contracting, and we have made some changes there that we should start to see come through here in the second half. But good visibility to whats going on there. The team understands it, just working through a little bit of a perfect storm here that seems to be abating.
Stephen Gengaro: Very good. Thank you.
Operator: And our next question is coming from the line of David Anderson with Barclays. Your line is now open.
David Anderson: Hey. Good morning Lorenzo. So, a question on the global push to build out LNG capacity, I had heard anecdotally it was a minimum of 4 years to bring a new train on, start to finish. But you are talking about Plaquemines closer to 29 months, you talk some modular design. Is this the new standard that we should be thinking about these projects? And I guess related to that, is there a limit to how much equipment you can provide in a given year in terms of your manufacturing capacity if these projects are accelerated?
Lorenzo Simonelli: Yes, Dave. And I think you have to go back to the tenure we have had in the LNG cycle. And we have always said that there is going to be small-scale, mid-scale, large-scale, and we are going to be participating in all of those and also looking at modular as well as stick build. And depending on the customers needs, we are going to be providing them. Clearly, the modular is faster to market. It is a plug-and-play model. So, we are seeing increased interest from some of the independent players, and I would say also within North America. Globally with some of the larger projects, they still continue on the stick build. We dont have a challenge on capacity. Again, we have had big flows of LNG projects in the past, and we feel good about being able to manage it. And our facilities that are set up in Florence and Massa and Avenza in Italy, are well prepared for the LNG project wave.
David Anderson: So, if we think about the U.S. build-out of export capacity, what are  are there any other kind of areas where you think there are bottlenecks that need to be freed up? Would you expect most of the awards going forward to be in this modular category? Just curious how you think about that kind of supply. You are just one part of it, of course. So, I am just wondering, looking out the rest of that, are there other areas that are at bottlenecks that could either speed up or slowdown these projects?
Lorenzo Simonelli: I think the area that people are looking at and also reacting to is on the EPC side. And thats one of the areas that I think is a focus right now. I would say also the modular approach reduces some of the dependence on the full aspect of EPCs. And so its a faster approach from that perspective. But labor continues to be constrained. And so thats something thats being looked at.
David Anderson: Good. Thank you.
Operator: And our next question is coming from the line of Roger Read with Wells Fargo. Your line is open.
Roger Read: Yes. Thank you. Good morning. How are you?
Lorenzo Simonelli: Good. Hi Roger.
Roger Read: Just a couple of quick questions. The first one is you made the comment about supply chain easing up as the year goes on, and understand chemical is a little different than some of the others. But as we think of some of the pieces that will go into these LNG orders, some of the issues going over in China, is there any risk of that affecting?
Lorenzo Simonelli: Hey Roger, I will go ahead. You cut off there a little bit. But on
Roger Read: Sorry.
Lorenzo Simonelli: Thats alright. On supply chain, it tends to be challenging. And obviously, with everything going on in the global geopolitical space, its been a little more challenging. But look, I would say from how it impacts us and how we are dealing with it, we are managing the price increases in various metals like copper and steel and nickel. There is no supply issue, its just managing through those pricing. And you can imagine that, thats going into our quotes. And to deal with all of this, we have taken down the timing and validity of our quotes to be able to deal with this. So, customers know whats going on, and they can have good visibility into what the cost of these projects are going to be. Look, from a castings and forgings standpoint, we are still able to get supply. We are dealing with scarcity in Europe and higher pricing there. So, we are seeing  what we are doing with our customers, our suppliers are doing as well, with quotes are only valid for a shorter period of time given the raw material pricing and the unique energy challenges in Europe. But look, thats the beauty of being part of a global company like Baker Hughes. I mean we have been able to shift supply into China. We focused on Northwest China to be able to deal with some of the port issues and things we are seeing in COVID. We had really good experience there. We have also moved some supply to Mexico and India. So, we are able to pivot because we have got a large supply base and can direct that demand to different places. So, we feel good about what we are doing there on supply chain. We expect to see some stabilization come through, but have a great sourcing team, working with the projects team to make sure we can fulfill on the demand that we see coming through. From a logistics standpoint, I would say the team has done an outstanding job of managing that. Our inflation we have seen in logistics is well below the headline prices that you have seen. We have changed ports that we are using in North America and China. So, we have been incredibly reactive here. I dont see it being a big constraint today for the LNG cycle that we are seeing, but thats something that we will have to watch as it evolves.
Roger Read: Okay, great. Thanks. And then the follow-up, as we think about just  we had one of your competitors yesterday talk about exceptional tightness in North America. I was just curious your view on availability and  of equipment, labor, etcetera, as we think about the international markets ramping up and at what point you would see significant tightness really helping out on the pricing side there. I understand things should get better as this year goes along, given the guidance, but where we could see things get very, very good on the OFS and OFE sides.
Brian Worrell: Yes. Look, I would say broadly, tightness you are seeing outside of the U.S., its similar to what you are seeing inside of North America, some labor tightness around the globe in some markets, not as much as you are seeing in North America. And look, just given the overall increase in activity, you are seeing tightness in supply of equipment. I think we have all got capability or I know we have got capability to ramp up and have been planning on that. But  but look, when you have got demand up as much as you are seeing in North America and globally, general economic tendencies come back into play and you start to see the ability to have more constructive pricing discussions, deal with some of those supply/demand issues. And I would say the international market, as you know, is more longer term contract base versus spot market like you see in North America. Where you see some real opportunity here is on some of that spot business, and I would say we are being very constructive with our customers, taking into account what we are seeing on the supply chain, what we are seeing in overall demand, and its a constructive backdrop for OFS at the moment.
Roger Read: Great. Thank you.
Operator: And I am showing no further questions at this time. I would now like to turn the call back over to Lorenzo Simonelli for any closing remarks.
Lorenzo Simonelli: Yes. Thank you very much, and thank you to everyone for joining our earnings call today. Just before we end the call, I wanted to leave you with some closing thoughts. Despite some of the challenges this quarter, we are optimistic on the outlook across both of our core business areas and excited about the new energy investments we are making for Baker Hughes. We believe that our upstream oil and gas businesses are poised to capitalize on a strong multiyear recovery, while our industrial businesses are poised to benefit from a strong LNG cycle, growth in new energy orders and the development of our industrial asset management capabilities. While we benefit from these macro tailwinds, we expect to generate strong free cash flow and return 60% to 80% of it back to shareholders. So, thanks for taking the time. We look forward to speaking to you all again soon. And operator, you may close out the call.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude our conference for today. Thank you for participating in todays conference. You may all disconnect.

===== 2021 Q4  (2022-01-20 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Baker Hughes Company Fourth Quarter and Full-Year 2021 Earnings Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later we will conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions will follow at that time. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I would now like to introduce your host for today's conference, Mr. Jud Bailey, Vice President, Investor Relations. Sir, you may begin.
Jud Bailey: Thank you. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to the Baker Hughes fourth quarter and full-year 2021 earnings conference call. Here with me are our Chairman and CEO, Lorenzo Simonelli; and our CFO, Brian Worrell. The earnings release we issued earlier today can be found on our website at bakerhughes.com. As a reminder, during the course of this conference call, we will provide forward-looking statements. These statements are not guarantees of future performance and involve a number of risks and assumptions. Please review our SEC filings and website for a discussion of some of the factors that could cause actual results to differ materially. As you know, reconciliations of operating income and other GAAP to non-GAAP measures can be found in our earnings release. With that, I will turn the call over to Lorenzo.
Lorenzo Simonelli: Thank you, Jud. Good morning, everyone, and thanks for joining us. We are pleased with our fourth quarter results, as we generated another quarter of strong free cash flow, solid margin rate improvement, and strong orders performance from TPS. During the quarter, TPS continued to operate at a high level. OFE successfully executed on its cost improvement initiatives and OFS performed extremely well despite continued pressure on supply chain and commodity inflation. For the full year, we were pleased with our financial performance. We took several steps in 2021 to accelerate our strategy and help position the company for the future. Last year proved to be successful on many fronts for Baker Hughes with key commercial successes and developments in the LNG and new energy markets, as well as record free cash flow generation and peer leading capital allocation. After a quiet start to the year, LNG activity played an important role in helping TPS book almost $7.7 billion in orders in 2021, which was just below the record levels achieved in 2019. Perhaps more importantly, we believe that the step-up in LNG order activity provides a solid indication that a new LNG cycle is beginning to take shape. We also believe that the uptick in orders, along with other recent policy movements, particularly in Europe, confirms that natural gas is gradually gaining greater acceptance as a transition and destination fuel for a net zero world. In new energy frontiers, we started to see more pronounced commercial successes from our energy transition efforts, generating approximately $250 million in new orders across our TPS, OFS and DS product companies, primarily in the areas of hydrogen and CCUS. We remain confident in our ability to grow this business over the next decade to ultimately total $6 billion to $7 billion of orders by 2030. I'm also very pleased to report that Baker Hughes delivered its strongest ever free cash flow year, generating over $1.8 billion in 2021, which represents almost 70% conversion from adjusted EBITDA. We are pleased to see this performance as our cash restructuring and separation payments wound down and we continue to make progress on improving our working capital and broader cash processes. Our strong free cash flow profile provides the company with ample flexibility and optionality when it comes to our broader capital allocation strategy. As evidence of this, we returned almost $1.2 billion back to shareholders through dividends and buybacks in 2021, while also making multiple acquisitions and investments across the industrial and new energy spaces. On the industrial front, we completed the acquisition of ARMS Reliability and a major investment in Augury, which will help Baker Hughes continue to build out its Industrial Asset Management platform and deliver an expanded set of asset performance capabilities. On the new energy front, we were active this year in pursuing early-stage technologies in CCUS and in hydrogen. In CCUS, we acquired a position in Electrochaea, a biomethanation company and also entered into an exclusive license with SRI for the Mixed Salt Process. In hydrogen, we made an investment in Ekona, a growth stage company developing novel turquoise hydrogen production technology; as well as Nemesis, a technology company focused on a range of early-stage hydrogen technologies. While 2021 saw many positive achievements, the year was also not without its challenges. We saw continued disruptions from the COVID-19 pandemic, which continue to impact our operations. Supply chain and inflationary pressures also drove higher costs and delivery issues primarily across our OFS and DS product companies. Our teams have continued to work to offset some of these pressures, but we expect to continue to see some level of tension and disruption in these areas potentially through the first half of the year. As we look ahead to 2022, we expect the pace of global economic growth to remain strong. However, growth rates are likely to moderate from 2021 levels as central banks are expected to begin tightening monetary policy in order to reduce COVID-related stimulus plans and quell growing inflationary pressures. Despite the expected slowdown in the pace of growth, we believe the continuing broader macro recovery will translate into rising energy demand in 2022, with oil demand likely recovering to pre-pandemic levels by the end of the year. Pairing this demand scenario with continued OPEC+, IOC and E&P spending discipline, we expect the oil markets to remain tight for some time. We believe that this will provide an attractive investment environment for our customers and a strong tailwind for many of our product companies. We also expect continued momentum in the global gas markets in 2022 building on a strong 2021. A combination of demand and supply factors converged in 2021 pushing natural gas and LNG prices to record breaking levels in both Europe and in Asia. The gas price spikes also highlighted the fragility of the global energy system as the world transitions to net zero. Looking ahead, we expect a number of additional LNG FIDs in 2022 and beyond, supported by the growing appetite for longer-term LNG purchase agreements. As we have previously mentioned, we see significant structural demand growth for LNG in the coming decades. Our positive long-term view is also supported by the recent improvements in policy sentiments in certain parts of the world towards natural gas' role within the energy transition. Against this constructive macro backdrop, Baker Hughes remains focused on executing our strategy across the three pillars of transform the core, invest for growth and position for new energy frontiers. Importantly, we also continue to work towards aligning Baker Hughes across the two business areas that we outlined in the third quarter of last year. Oilfield services and equipment and industrial energy technology or OFSE and IET. Since we unveiled our vision of ultimately executing across these two broad business areas, we have been evaluating all aspects of the company in order to determine the most efficient organizational and corporate structure. Our goal is to find the right structure that properly aligns our internal resources and helps accelerate growth in key strategic areas, while also enhancing our profitability and returns and increasing shareholder value. We have reached some early conclusions and have started to implement changes internally. Most notably, we recently created The Climate Technology Solutions Group and Industrial Asset Management Group, which will both report to Rod Christie, Executive Vice President of TPS. Climate Technology Solutions or CTS will encompass CCUS, hydrogen, emissions management and clean and integrated power solutions. Industrial Asset Management or IAM will bring together key digital capabilities, software and hardware from across the company to help customers increase efficiencies, improve performance and reduce emissions for their energy and industrial assets. We believe that the creation of these two groups will help accelerate the speed for commercial development for solutions-based business models across our new energy and industrial asset management offerings. Importantly, it will not change any of our reporting structure today. Overall, we are very excited with the strategic direction of Baker Hughes and believe the company is well placed to capitalize on near-term slick cool recovery and well positioned for the long-term structural change in the energy markets. Now, I'll give you an update on each of our segments. In oilfield services, activity levels ended the year on a positive note, in both the international and North American markets and all signs point to a strong year of growth in 2022. Additionally, the OFS team had to navigate an increasingly difficult supply chain environment over the second half of 2021 and ended the year on a high note with a strong fourth quarter margin performance. Looking into 2022, we expect a strong broad-based recovery across the international markets, led by Latin America and the Middle East. While Latin America should see the second consecutive year of double-digit growth, the Middle East is in the very early stages of what we expect to be a multi-year growth cycle. Capital is being deployed in the region to restore near-term production levels and lay the foundation for longer-term capacity expansion. In North America, we expect another year of impressive growth in the US land market, as well as recovery offshore. Based on conversations with our customers, we expect the underlying trends in North America to remain the same as 2021 with public E&Ps and IOCs remaining disciplined in deploying capital while private E&Ps will remain more active. While we were pleased to achieve 10% operating margin rates in OFS in the 4th quarter, margins are still below our broader objectives, namely due to the recent negative impacts of commodity price inflation and supply chain disruptions. That being said, our OFS team is working extremely hard to offset these headwinds with successful pricing increases across multiple product lines and continued progress in mitigating some of the logistics constraints. Based on the actions being taken by our OFS team and assuming the gradual normalization of the current state of supply chain disorder, we remain focused on achieving 20% EBITDA levels in OFS by the end of 2022. Moving to TPS. The outlook remains constructive driven by opportunities in LNG, onshore offshore production and new energy initiatives. I'd like to thank Rod and the TPS team for an exceptional year in 2021, which exemplified the strength of the TPS business. TPS booked almost $7.7 billion of orders, which included 22 MTPA of LNG orders across four projects and 9 FPSOs and offshore topside project awards. On the execution side, TPS generated over $1 billion of operating income representing over 16% in operating margin rate despite revenue growth and equipment significantly outpacing services. We are excited about what the future holds for TPS across multiple fronts. In LNG, we were pleased to book two awards in the fourth quarter. We announced a major LNG award for the 5 MTPA Pluto Train 2 project in Western Australia, which is operated by Woodside, and also received a large scale LNG equipment award in the Eastern Hemisphere. Additionally, we were awarded an order to deliver power generation equipment for a major LNG project in North America. We continue to be optimistic on the outlook for LNG and remain confident on the potential for 100 to 150 MTPA of awards over the next two years to three years. Based on the continued pace of discussions with multiple customers and the positive fundamentals in the global gas markets, we have a general bias towards the upper end of this range. For the non-LNG segments of our TPS portfolio, we see multiple opportunities for continued growth and we were pleased to book a number of awards in new energy during the quarter. In hydrogen, we booked an award for advanced compression technology for the NEOM carbon-free hydrogen project in the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia, building on the announcement we made with Air Products in the second quarter of 2021. We will be providing our HPRC solutions to the NEOM project, which will enable a lower cost of production and accelerate the adoption of hydrogen as a zero carbon fuel. Our collaboration with Air Products will be critical for a net zero future, and the award is a good example of how Baker Hughes' proven technology is helping to accelerate the hydrogen economy. In CCUS, we received an order from Santos to supply turbomachinery equipment for the Moomba carbon capture and storage project in South Australia. Baker Hughes will provide gas turbine compressor and heat recovery steam generator technologies to compress the carbon dioxide. The project will serve as the gas processing plant and permanently store 1.7 million tons of carbon dioxide annually in the depleted natural gas reservoirs in the onshore Cooper Basin. Even though 2021 order activity came in well ahead of our expectations, we still expect to see a similar level of orders for TPS in 2022 driven primarily by LNG. Next, on oilfield equipment, we are pleased with the overall trends in this business as order activity is becoming more favorable and we continue to show progress in taking costs out. At a macro level, trends in the subsea and offshore markets are anticipated to continue to improve in 2022 after gaining modest traction over the course of 2021. In the subsea tree market, we expect industry awards to take another step higher in 2022 but likely remain below pre-pandemic levels for the foreseeable future. Outside of the tree market, we continue to see a strong pipeline of flexible order opportunities. We are also seeing improving market conditions in our international wellhead and subsea services businesses. In the fourth quarter, we were pleased to announce a major 10-year contract for surface wellheads and tree systems in the UAE. As part of ADNOC's largest ever wellhead award, this important win will further enhance our partnership with this key customer, as well as strengthen our footprint in the region. Our subsea services business saw some good traction in the fourth quarter with a strong orders performance driven by increased activity in the North Sea and Sub-Saharan Africa. Although OFE is showing signs of a path to recovery, we still believe the offshore markets will remain structurally challenged as the energy markets and our customers' budgets evolve. As a result, we remain focused on rightsizing the business, improving profitability and optimizing the portfolio. The merger of our Subsea Drilling Systems with MHWirth to create HMH is an excellent example of how we're continuing to transform the OFE portfolio. Finally, in Digital Solutions, overall market conditions are improving. We experienced solid growth across our industrial end markets through 2021 and are starting to see a pickup in markets that lag, particularly the oil and gas, transportation and aviation end markets. Additionally, the DS business continues to be impacted by the supply chain challenges and chip shortages that began earlier in the year. During the quarter, DS continued to secure important contracts with key customers for condition monitoring and Industrial Asset Management solutions. Bently Nevada secured a contract with Yara to enable digital transformation and improved asset reliability and efficiency. The enterprise-wide contract will enable data availability between Yara's plant operations and the cloud across 23 sites using Bently Nevada's latest System 1 EVO Asset Management software. Bently Nevada also secured a contract with a major oil company to deploy System 1 Asset Management software as a standardized platform for enterprise-wide conditioning, monitoring across 28 facilities worldwide. In addition, Bently Nevada secured a 5-year services agreement to support the operator's digital transformation by providing maintenance services and supporting the customers goal to move condition monitoring data out of its localized facilities network into a cloud environment. Going forward, DS will play an important role in the growth of our industrial franchise and the overall success of our strategy in Industrial Asset Management. Key to the build-out of IAM, with the investments we executed in 2021 that I previously mentioned, the acquisition of ARMS Reliability earlier in the year and more recently the alliance we formed with Augury, both complement our Bently Nevada Systems 1 cloud-enabled condition monitoring and protection platform, and deliver on our strategy of expanding our presence to non-critical assets and developing software capabilities to allow us to cover the entire balance of plant. As the world strives towards a net zero target in the coming decades, enterprise level industrial asset management capabilities will be a key driver by enabling better operating efficiency, lowering energy consumption and reducing emissions across multiple industries. Overall, I'm pleased with the progress we made in 2021 in navigating the many challenges presented during the year, while also executing on the commercial opportunities across our portfolio. At the same time, we were able to convert almost 70% of our 2021 adjusted EBITDA into free cash flow. We returned almost two-thirds of this free cash flow back to shareholders and made good progress on transforming our company into an energy transition leader. As we enter 2022, we expect to benefit from solid macro tailwinds across both of our major business areas with cyclical recovery in OFSE and a longer-term structural growth trends in LNG, new energy and Industrial Asset Management. We look forward to further developing our corporate strategy, building on our commercial success and focusing on a range of capital allocation opportunities. I want to conclude by thanking all of our Baker Hughes employees for their hard work in overcoming another year of challenges surrounding the pandemic. And I look forward to their continued commitment to our success in 2022 and beyond. With that, I'll turn the call over to Brian.
Brian Worrell: Thanks, Lorenzo. I'll begin with the total company results and then move into the segment details. Orders for the quarter were $6.7 billion, up 24% sequentially driven by TPS, Digital Solutions and OFS, partially offset by a decrease in OFE. Year-over-year, orders were up 28% driven by increases in TPS, Digital Solutions and OFS, and a decrease in OFE. Remaining performance obligation was $23.6 billion, up 1% sequentially. Equipment RPO ended at $8.2 billion, up 9% sequentially and services RPO ended at $15.3 billion, down 4% sequentially. We are pleased with our strong orders performance in the quarter, particularly in TPS, which provides a good level of revenue visibility into 2022 and beyond. Our total company book-to-bill ratio in the quarter was 1.2 and our equipment book-to-bill in the quarter was 1.4. Revenue for the quarter was $5.5 billion, up 8% sequentially driven by increases across all four segments. Year over year, revenue was flat, driven by an increase in OFS and offset by decreases in TPS and OFE. Operating income for the quarter was $574 million. Adjusted operating income was $571 million. Adjusted operating income was up 42% sequentially and up 23% year-over-year. Our adjusted operating income rate for the quarter was 10.3%, up 240 basis points sequentially and up 190 basis points year-over-year. Adjusted EBITDA in the quarter was $844 million, up 27% sequentially and up 10% year-over-year. Adjusted EBITDA rate was 15.3%, up 130 basis points year-over-year. We are particularly pleased with the margin improvement in the fourth quarter, which was largely driven by increased productivity, higher pricing and mix. All four of our segments experienced strong improvements in adjusted operating income and adjusted EBITDA rate sequentially. Corporate costs were $106 million in the quarter. For the first quarter, we expect corporate costs to be roughly flat with fourth quarter levels. Depreciation and amortization expense was $273 million in the quarter. For the first quarter, we expect D&A to increase slightly from fourth quarter levels. Interest in the quarter was $95 million, which includes a make whole premium relating to the debt refinancing we completed during the fourth quarter. We expect interest expense to return to historical levels in the first quarter. Income tax expense in the quarter was $352 million, which includes $103 million in charges that relate to liabilities indemnified under the Tax Matters agreement with General Electric. These tax expenses are offset in the other non-operating line of our income statement. GAAP diluted earnings per share were $0.32. Included in GAAP diluted earnings per share is $241 million gain from the net change in fair value of our investment in ADNOC Drilling and a $131 million loss from the net change in fair value of our investment in C3.ai, both are recorded in other non-operating income. As a reminder, in 2018, we formed our strategic partnership with ADNOC Drilling and invested $500 million for 5% stake. In October 2021, ADNOC Drilling completed their IPO, which requires us to mark our investment to fair value. Since our investment is recorded as a marketable security on our balance sheet, the change in fair value will be reflected in the other non-operating income line on a quarterly basis going forward. Adjusted diluted earnings per share were $0.25. Turning to the cash flow statement. Free cash flow in the quarter was $645 million. The sequential improvement was driven by higher adjusted EBITDA, strong cash collections and modestly higher proceeds from disposal of assets due to increased real estate sales. We also continue to execute on our $2 billion share repurchase program during the fourth quarter, repurchasing 13.2 million Baker Hughes Class A shares for $328 million at an average price just under $25 per share. For the first quarter, we expect free cash flow to decline sequentially primarily due to seasonality. When I look at the total year 2021, I'm very pleased with our financial results, particularly with regards to our free cash flow performance and broader margin rate improvements. Orders for the full year were $21.7 billion, up 5% driven by TPS, Digital Solutions and OFE, partially offset by OFS. Total company book-to-bill was 1.1 for the year. Total year revenue of $20.5 billion was down 1% driven by declines in OFS and OFE partially offset by increases in TPS and Digital Solutions. Adjusted operating income of $1.6 billion was up 52% in the year with total company adjusted operating income margins improving 270 basis points mainly driven by productivity improvements in TPS and cost-out programs and productivity improvements in OFS. Adjusted EBITDA of $2.7 billion was up 14% in the year. Total company adjusted EBITDA rate improved 170 basis points in 2021. Corporate costs for the year were $429 million. For 2022, we expect corporate expenses to be approximately in line with 2021 levels. For the full year, we generated $1.8 billion of free cash flow. Free cash flow includes $175 million of cash payments related to restructuring and separation activities. Our strong free cash flow performance was driven by higher adjusted EBITDA, lower CapEx, and increase in cash flow generated from working capital and a significant reduction in cash restructuring and separation charges. Not included in free cash flow are over $200 million of proceeds from asset or investment sales during the year, which include the sale of a small portion of our C3.ai stake and the proceeds we received from the formation of the HMH joint venture with Akastor. As Lorenzo mentioned, we returned almost $1.2 billion to shareholders through dividends and share repurchases and also deployed over $250 million in tuck-in acquisitions and investments in the industrial and new energy sectors. Our free cash flow in 2021 resulted in 68% conversion from adjusted EBITDA. While our free cash flow conversion was positively impacted by the large cash generation from working capital, we believe that Baker Hughes should be able to generate free cash flow conversion at or above 50% on a multi-year through the cycle basis. For 2022, we expect free cash flow conversion from adjusted EBITDA to be around 50% as working capital should be a use of cash due to expected revenue growth. Going forward, we expect our strong balance sheet and free cash flow generation to continue to provide us with attractive flexibility and optionality to return cash to shareholders and invest in tuck-in M&A and technology on an opportunistic basis. Now, I will walk you through the segment results in more detail and give you our thoughts on the outlook going forward. In Oilfield Services, the team delivered a strong quarter. OFS revenue in the quarter was $2.6 billion, up 6% sequentially. International revenue was up 7% sequentially, led by increases in sub-Saharan Africa, the North Sea, Russia and Latin America. North America revenue increased 4% sequentially with similar growth in both the land and offshore markets. Over 55% of OFS revenues in North America were in our production-related businesses of chemicals and artificial lift in the fourth quarter. Operating income in the quarter was $256 million, a 35% increase sequentially and a 210 basis point improvement in margin rate. The improvement in margin was driven by better operating productivity, pricing gains in certain product lines and favorable product mix. For the total year of 2021, OFS improved operating income margin rate by 320 basis points. As we look ahead to the first quarter, we expect to see continued growth in international and North American activity offset by typical seasonal softness in the international markets. As a result, we expect our first quarter revenue to decline modestly on a sequential basis, along with a modest decline in margin rates. For the full year 2022, our expectations are largely in line with the view we shared in October on our third quarter earnings call. In the international market, we expect the continuation of a broad-based recovery, with growth in the low to mid-double digits. In North America, we expect a continuation of the ramp-up in activity levels and believe that the broader market could experience strong growth in the 25% to 30% range. With this type of macro backdrop, we would expect to generate solid double-digit revenue growth in 2022 in OFS. Margin rate should also see solid improvement as some of the recent supply chain and cost escalation headwinds normalize and we remain focused on achieving 20% EBITDA margin rates by the end of 2022. Moving to Oilfield Equipment. Orders in the quarter were $510 million, down 9% year-over-year. The reduction in orders was driven by FPS, as well as the removal of Subsea Drilling Systems from consolidated OFE operations as a result of the merger with MHWirth. These declines were partially offset by growth in services and flexibles. Revenue was $619 million, down 13% year-over-year. The reduction in revenue was driven by the removal of SDS and lower volumes in SPS and SPC projects, partially offset by growth in services. Operating income was $23 million, a 1% improvement year-over-year. This was driven by higher volume in services and cost productivity, partially offset by lower volume in SPS and the removal of SDS. For the first quarter, we expect a double-digit sequential decline in revenue, driven primarily by seasonality and lower backlog. We expect operating income to also decline sequentially with margin rates in the low single digits. For the full year 2022, we expect a modest recovery in offshore activity driven by higher oil prices and capital deployment into low cost basins and projects. We expect OFE revenue to be down double-digits, primarily driven by the deconsolidation of SDS, but we expect OFE margins to remain in the low to mid-single digit range driven by business mix and benefits from the recent cost-out actions taken. Next, I will cover Turbomachinery. The team delivered another strong quarter with solid execution. Orders in the quarter were $3 billion, up 62% year-over-year. Equipment orders were up $1.1 billion year-over-year. As Lorenzo mentioned earlier, orders this quarter were supported by an award to supply power generation for a major LNG project in North America, an order for the Pluto Train 2 LNG project, and an award for a large scale LNG project in the Eastern Hemisphere. Service orders in the quarter were up 7% year-over-year driven by growth in both contractual and transactional services, partially offset by lower volume in upgrades. Revenue for the quarter was $1.8 billion, down 9% versus the prior year. Equipment revenue was down 30% driven by the timing of our equipment backlog conversion Services revenue was up 16% versus the prior year. Operating income for TPS was $346 million, up 4% year-over-year driven by favorable mix from a strong volume quarter-end services. Operating margin was 19.5%, up 240 basis points year-over-year, driven by higher services mix. For the first quarter, we expect revenue to be roughly flat year-over-year with higher service revenues, offsetting a decline in equipment revenue. Based on this revenue outlook, we expect TPS operating income rates to increase slightly on a year-over-year basis. For the full year, we expect TPS orders in 2022 to be roughly the same as 2021 driven by continued strength in LNG awards. We also continue to see a solid pipeline in our onshore-offshore production segment along with opportunities in pumps, valves and new energy areas. We now expect solid revenue growth in 2022 driven by growth in services and strong orders growth in 2021. On the margin side, we still expect operating income margin rates to be roughly flat year-over-year in 2022 depending on the mix between services and equipment. Included in this framework is an expected increase in investments and R&D expenses that relate to our new energy and industrial growth areas. Finally, in Digital Solutions, orders for the quarter were $605 million, up 14% year-over-year. We saw improvements in orders across most end markets, most notably in industrial, transportation and oil and gas. Sequentially, orders were up 16% driven by seasonality in oil and gas, power generation and industrial. Revenue for the quarter was $558 million, flat year-over-year with higher volumes in Waygate, Reuter Stokes and PPS, offset by lower volumes in Nexus Controls, Druck and Bently Nevada. Sequentially, revenue was up 9% with improvements across most product lines. Operating income for the quarter was $51 million, down 33% year-over-year driven by headwinds from mix and higher R&D costs. Sequentially, operating income was up 97% primarily driven by higher volume. For the first quarter, we expect to see modest revenue growth year-over-year, supported by a stronger opening backlog. We expect operating margin rates to be down slightly year-over-year, but to remain in the mid-single digits. For the full year, we expect solid growth in revenue as supply chain constraints begin to ease and orders pick up across Digital Solutions. With higher volumes, we expect strong improvements in DS margins which could approach double digits for the total year. Overall, I'm very pleased with the execution in the fourth quarter and the total year across all the key financials. We are confident in our strategy and our ability to continue to execute as we head into 2022. With that, I will turn the call back over to Jud.
Jud Bailey: Thanks, Brian. Operator, let's open the call for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] The first question comes from James West with Evercore ISI.
James West: Hey, good morning, guys.
Lorenzo Simonelli: Good morning, James.
Brian Worrell: Good morning, James.
James West: Lorenzo, as you continue to make changes in the industrial energy technology part of your business, you're increasingly becoming - thinking about it and you've talked about this two different companies here, the OFS business and the industrial energy technologies business. You talked a little bit about some new divisions you formed within energy technology. I'm curious as to how you're thinking about the potential separation of the two companies, what the timeline could look like if you're thinking about accelerating your initial thoughts on timeline?
Lorenzo Simonelli: Yes, James. Thanks a lot. And as we've mentioned in the past, we've been doing a lot of work on evaluating the optimal corporate structure for Baker Hughes as we continue to see the energy markets evolve and also the energy transition accelerate. The process is going to take some time, as we evaluate all the parts of the company, which includes everything from the best organizational structure, all the way down to details like legal entities and tax structure, so the end goal is to develop the business or corporate structure that allows us to operate efficiently and accelerate growth in our key strategic areas, and doing so in a way that enhances our profitability and returns and increase the shareholder value. As you've seen from our prepared remarks, the formation of CTS Climate Technology Solutions and Industrial Asset Management Groups are one of the first steps towards strengthening our focus around two strategic business areas of OFSE and IAT that we mentioned last third quarter. As we said last year, as the energy markets evolve, we think operating around these two broad focus areas makes sense in terms of investment strategy, et cetera. And we also said that aligning across the two broad business areas will actually help us give the most optionality longer time. So the work we've done only just reinforces our view. Again, the company is strong together at this stage and we'll continue to align across the two business areas, continue to work and continue to update us on our progress and decisions. But it goes without saying, we continue to operate the company for the best returns to shareholders.
James West: Of course, absolutely. And then maybe unrelated follow-up, Lorenzo, on TPS, and you gave some good guidance on kind of expected orders over the next several years. I'm just curious how we should think about 2022, the cadence of the orders and then what that means for growth in TPS as we get into 2023?
Lorenzo Simonelli: Sure, James. And I think importantly, I believe the order momentum we saw at the end of 2021 is likely to continue into 2022. We've indicated over the past quarters that we are seeing an LNG cycle beginning to accelerate. And generally speaking, LNG projects are beginning to be pulled forward versus previous expectations due to the strong long-term LNG fundamentals and also the improving environment to secure long-term offtake agreements. So we also believe the recent policy movement out of Europe, that's encouraging to see what would be FIDs in 2023 may be potentially be pulled forward into 2022 as well. So there are a couple of large awards this year in 2022 and also some small and mid-size awards that should be coming through. And I think although we're calling the TPS orders in 2022 really flat to 2021, we believe that orders could potentially increase as we go through the year, so the specific areas, U.S., Middle East and Russia, and for 2023, it's a little early, but I think again the outlook is positive and we still see a lot of projects that we're discussing with our customers, as you know, we're very close on the LNG side. I also think it's important to remember that LNG is a headline for TPS orders. We also see a solid pipeline in our onshore-offshore production segment, along with opportunities in pumps, valves and we continue to see positive traction in the new energy front on the back of a strong order intake in 2021.
James West: Okay. Got it. Thanks, Lorenzo.
Operator: Our next question comes from Chase Mulvehill with Bank of America.
Chase Mulvehill: Hey, good morning, everyone.
Lorenzo Simonelli: Hi Chase.
Brian Worrell: Hi Chase.
Chase Mulvehill: So I guess I wanted to kind of dig in a little bit deeper and ask on you creating two new divisions, you get the Climate Technology Solutions and Industrial Asset Management divisions that you split out now. And so I guess, first, kind of, what was the catalyst for doing this and how do you think that this - splitting this up will impact how you run these businesses? And then a related follow-up there is just like, do you plan to give us some quarterly details to kind of track the progression of these two new businesses?
Lorenzo Simonelli: Yes. Great, Chase, and look, we're excited to take this step to formally create CTS Climate Technology Solutions and also IAM, Industrial Asset Management that are both going to report into Rod. And as we've mentioned before, as the energy landscape continues to change, we'll adapt our organizational structure accordingly. And as we look at what we announced last - third quarter last year, within the two business areas of oilfield services equipment and IT, we really see this as being one of the first steps in enhancing our capabilities to solve for customer request. And as the market evolves, we think we're going to continue formalizing these groups. This provides leadership accountability in two important growth areas. If you look at Climate Technology Solutions, it's going to bring together four of our growth areas, the hydrogen, CCUS, emissions management and clean integrated power solutions. It's going to continue to build on the product roadmap and commercial offerings as well as support the sale of products and solutions we have in these areas today across Baker Hughes. And as you look at Industrial Asset Management, this is really going to bring together our digital software and hardware capabilities across Baker Hughes to develop an integrated IAM ecosystem that enables us to respond to what customers are looking for. So it's going to be an interaction across the various product lines both for CTS and IAM. And at this stage, we're not looking to change the reporting segments as we continue to develop in these two growth areas.
Chase Mulvehill: Okay, perfect. The follow-up is really just kind of same line of questioning and just kind of digging a little bit more on the energy transition. I mean obviously in the fourth quarter, you had a key hydrogen order with NEOM and you had the CCUS with Moomba. But could you talk about other opportunities that you see on the horizon, and maybe also kind of hit on M&A opportunities, you did Ekona, the hydrogen investment there? So maybe highlight that, maybe other opportunities that you see the kind of - do some tuck-in acquisitions.
Lorenzo Simonelli: Yes Chase, we were very pleased with the performance in 2021 for the new energy orders. You cited the two in the fourth quarter, one for hydrogen and also CO2 with the Santos Cooper Basin and we see those opportunities continuing. We've given 2022 outlook of between $100 million, $200 million. We think that we're on the higher end of that and it's continued momentum with our customers on really helping them to achieve their net zero targets. And I think the Ekona investment that you mentioned, again, it's another way in which we are expanding our portfolio of capabilities. It's growth stage company, which develops turquoise hydrogen production technology and it's another solution that can really help our customers. As we look at 2022 and beyond, again, we still see the opportunity to create a new business through the energy transition that by 2030 is $6 billion to $7 billion and we are actively building our portfolio to represent that through the small tuck-in technologies and I see us continuing to do that.
Chase Mulvehill: All right. Perfect. Thanks, Lorenzo. Ill turn it back over.
Operator: Our next question comes from Scott Gruber with Citigroup.
Scott Gruber: It sounds like the supply chain issues may linger for you and peers here at least in the first half of the year. Are we finally at the point where we can see light at the end of the tunnel? Are you able to identify a quarter when the supply chain issues really just have a limited impact on reported financials or is that too early to call at this point?
Lorenzo Simonelli: Yes, Scott. I'd say that you got to look at it in a couple of fronts. I'd say a lot of the supply chain disruptions that we were seeing in the third quarter primarily from logistics, some shortages more broadly and disruptions in shipments because of COVID have pretty much stabilized and we've - we figured out ways to work with that through planning and different shipping routes and increasing some of our lead times and those sorts of things. I'd say that that's pretty much stabilized. Where you're still continuing to see some disruptions are around chips that primarily impacts Digital Solutions a little bit and oilfield services. And just to give your perspective, right now, pretty much all of about 90% of our suppliers are giving us 1 year lead times and we have all of our 2022 on order there and to give your perspective, if I go back 7 months, that 90% was about 20% to 30%. So that's really what's going on in the industry. So we are planning for it. We're working through it. Suppliers give allotments 60 to - roughly 60 days out. So I'd say the teams are working incredibly well to make sure that has limited impact on our customers. So we are operating in this new normal. The other area around supply chain is really particular to our chemicals business where you've seen some inflation come through. We had a supplier who got a fire that disrupted our supply and we've been working with them to get supply from other places. That appears to be stabilizing as well. I'd say we'd anticipate the inflation in that space to be relatively stable here in the first quarter. And so the chemicals business had about 150 basis point drag on OFS overall in the quarter to give you a little bit of a magnitude of what we were seeing there. But again, I'd say we're operating well in this new normal. And I would expect things to continue to improve as the year progresses. But we've got plans in place to offset disruptions and as much of the inflation as we can.
Scott Gruber: Got it. And then, somewhat of a related question. So supply chain issues are being managed better. They should hopefully ease over the course of the year. End markets are obviously recovering across most of the businesses and you're entering it seems to be the later innings of the restructuring efforts. So Lorenzo, maybe if we just kind of think high level here, it seems like there is convergence across those items such that Baker should be really hitting its stride over the course of the year. So can you just putting the separation question aside, if we just kind of think about where the business sits versus a couple of years ago when the two businesses came together in the merger. Can you just kind of talk high level about kind of where the business stands today, how to think about cadence of profit growth, obviously, we have the 20% exit target in oil services, but kind of kind of your perspective on where the business sits today from a performance standpoint and kind of where we go over the course of '22 and into '23, kind of gives us the convergence of what seems to be some pretty favorable factors from a tailwind perspective.
Lorenzo Simonelli: Yes, sure, Scott. And I think you know, the last four years have been an interesting rollercoaster and I'm really pleased about the way in which we as a team and Baker Hughes has been focused on approaching it and also creating a good setting for 2022 and beyond. We started out, we have a lot of integrations restructuring, the separation from GE, then another major restructuring due to the COVID downturn. At the same time, we continued laying the groundwork for the energy transition pivoting to be an energy technology company, making the investment in C3.ai disposing of unprofitable or non-strategic operations and really continuing our strategy to transform the company, across what we said were the three pillars, transform the core, invest for growth, and also the new energy frontiers. And over the course of time, we continue to actively cut costs. We've invested in growth areas with over six transactions, we've a small-scale acquisitions, also new energy or industrial investments, we've created a good partnership network across multiple capabilities that are required for the future. And we've always been optimistic on natural gas and the continued role that it plays in the energy transition and LNG. So I'm very excited about the macro environment for Baker Hughes and more importantly, how we are positioned as a company to capitalize on the LNG cycle, the upstream spending cycle and longer-term growth for the new energy opportunities. I think in my tenure at least it's nice to see macro tailwinds across both of our two large business areas.
Brian Worrell: And Scott, the only thing I'd add there to what Lorenzo says is, you've seen how we've been running the company, we've got a strong balance sheet, we believe we've had pretty shareholder-friendly capital allocation. We're able to maintain the dividend during the latest turmoil because of COVID and we'll continue to run the company with a strong balance sheet and make sure we maintain the most flexibility and optionality as we look to increase returns.
Operator: Our next question comes from Arun Jayaram with JPMorgan.
Arun Jayaram: I had a couple of questions on TPS, you guys booked nearly $3 billion of inbound orders this quarter, $7.7 billion for the year. I was wondering if you could comment on, if you think the orders would be accretive to the margins you realized in 2021 in TPS?
Lorenzo Simonelli: Arun, look again, very pleased with the strength we're seeing in TPS, and look, as I said, overall for 2022 expect margin rates to be roughly flattish in TPS depending on the mix of equipment and services. And that does include some of the increased expenditures in R&D really associated with the new energy and industrial area, so kind of stepping back from that, you can surmise that very pleased with the order book and the margins that are in the order book. I think this year, we've demonstrated that we've been able to deliver strong productivity in an inflationary environment as we're executing on these projects. So I'd say in general, like where the order book is sitting.
Arun Jayaram: Great. And my follow-up. Brian, you had mentioned how the strong inbound orders are driving more revenue visibility in TPS this year, next year. We had been thinking about low single-digit top line growth this year and how is the order strength influencing your thoughts about the top line, you mentioned the flattish margins, but I want to see if we're moving maybe to mid-single digits or upper single digits in TPS as this year?
Brian Worrell: Yes Arun, look, based on where we are sitting today and the strength of orders that came in 2021 and what we're looking at in 2022, as Lorenzo and I mentioned, I would expect orders to be flattish with the potential of being higher in 2022 across both equipment and services. I'd say, high single-digit range is quite reasonable for what we see in revenue growth in 2022, and look, I think, based on the order profile, how the equipment backlog will convert, what we're seeing in 2022 order pipeline, I would expect revenue growth in 2022 to most likely -- sorry, 2023, most likely exceed 2022 growth. So look, as we talked about, we've been seeing a strong set of tailwinds in TPS that's continued throughout the year, and where we're sitting today, it looks pretty solid in LNG, and as Lorenzo mentioned, onshore-offshore production and we're seeing a lot of activity in new energy orders as well that are going to provide more growth in the medium term.
Operator: Our next question comes from David Anderson with Barclays.
David Anderson: I was just wondering if you could talk a little bit about the tendering activity going on in the Middle East. Lorenzo, you talked about kind of the beginning of a multi-year growth phase in the Middle East. It's been a bunch of large awards. You guys have been pretty selective. I was wondering if you just kind of talk about kind of maybe some of the dynamics you're seeing out there and would you expect to see more large tenders in the coming months and kind of your view on the pricing? Thank you.
Lorenzo Simonelli: Yes David. On the international outlook for [indiscernible] based on conversations with our customers, we expect the broad-based recovery through our whole major geographies and overall international growth in the low to mid-teens and unlike 2021 where the Middle East was lagged, we believe this could be one of the strongest markets in 2022 and it's likely in the early stages of a growth cycle as you have seen in the region with at production capacity on a gradual long-term basis. So we also expect another strong year of growth in Latin America led by Brazil and Mexico, elsewhere North Sea, Russia, Asia Pacific solid growth and not as much as the Middle East in Latin America, but still solid growth and then also West Africa off a low base starting to see some productive time. We got to see some of the larger LSD case that take place. We're continuing to see that I think. We are very judicious in the way in which we enter. We've always said we're going to be disciplined and we like the outlook internationally as we go forward.
David Anderson: Great, thank you. On a - it's kind of a separate subject. You have a number of partnerships, and investments that you've got involved in across the new energy spectrum, which I think all of them going are going to fall under this new Climate Technology Solutions Group. Just kind of curious where you go from here. A number of these technologies that can take time to scale. So do you keep expanding our portfolio and keep kind of looking at other technologies like Ekona and hydrogen or do you give the other parts a clean tech with smaller investments or is there a point where there is more sizable M&A opportunities out there. I mean, I'm just kind of curious of kind of what that looks like and kind of the horizon. Is it just too early even to be talking about M&A opportunities in this space?
Lorenzo Simonelli: I think it's a little early, but I think as you look at our approach and it really resonates with what we're hearing from our customers is across oil and gas and also at our industrial segments we serve, customers are asking help me achieve a net zero roadmap, whether it be the 20-30 target or the 20-50 target that they have. And that requires a compilation of different technologies. And what we're doing within our Climate Technology Solutions Group and why we stood it up, is really to be able to respond to that customer request and walk them through the various technologies and capabilities. When you look at the investments we've made Electrochaea, you look at also C3, you look at the already in-house chilled ammonia process, you mentioned also what we've done with Ekona. What we're providing is actually a capability to offer a roadmap towards those solutions and we'll continue to evaluate which solutions we think are best for our customers, but we do want to be like we are in other areas that we serve a provider of technology and capability to achieve the customer request. Likewise on Industrial Asset Management, if you think about the investments we've made, both C3 or ARMS, we're really developing an ecosystem of capability to respond to customers' request around how do we drive less downtime. How do we increase efficiency and productivity and that requires the ability to sense, have historical data on equipment, and be able to offer the foundation of a platform towards customers. So both of these areas actually help us in our growth initiatives, and are led by customer requests.
Operator: Our next question comes from Neil Mehta with Goldman Sachs.
Neil Mehta: Good morning, team. A couple of questions around capital allocation. And the first one is on the buyback, how are you thinking about the pacing of the buyback. Do you think it's reasonable to keep on the pace that we saw here in Q4, which is over $300 million and it looks like in the release GE selling ratably. Is it fair to say at this pace will be out of the market by the middle of this year?
Lorenzo Simonelli: Yes, Neil, look, we like what we've done so far from a buyback perspective. Since we started in September, we purchased 17.2 million Class A shares. It's been about $434 million. So the price per share is just over 2,450. We are planning right now to have a consistent buyback program with the ability to accelerate it if the conditions weren't an acceleration. So I'd say if you - you think about sitting here today, our plan right now is roughly through the first half of this year to keep up the pace. You've seen us since we started the program and that as you point out if GE continues to sell at the pace they're selling that roughly coincides within selling down the remainder of their stake. And so I'd say, look at that point in time we reevaluate what the right levels are, but I think from an overall stepping back and looking at capital allocation once GE is out, I think buybacks in the range of roughly $200 million to $300 million annually is a good place to be. And look, I think we are uniquely positioned here to continue paying a strong dividend, have a pretty consistent buyback program and be able to do M&A, the tuck-in technologies or capabilities that we, that we think we're going to enhance our growth capability. So very pleased with the free cash flow generation, what we've been doing from a capital allocation point so far in terms of recycling some of the proceeds from dispositions or the investment sales back into growth areas in the business.
Neil Mehta: And just to clarify $200 million to $300 million quarterly right?
Lorenzo Simonelli: Yes, buybacks, yes.
Neil Mehta: Okay, great. And then on the dividend, you've been sitting here at this $0.18 a quarter level, really since 2017 in the earnings power and the free cash flow generation of the business get us a point where you can get more aggressive around the dividend recognize you're doing yields better than your large cap services peers, but it's still worse than the energy sector broadly. How do you think about what the right time is to evaluate an increase in distribution around the dividend and tie that in with your comments around the buyback.
Lorenzo Simonelli: Yes Neil, just to clarify there, in the $200 million to $300 million I was speaking more to once we've gone through this pace here in the first half, we'll take a step back in and look at buybacks. But I'd say the $200 million to $300 million was more annually after we get through here, the first half of the year is how I would, how I would think about it. In terms of evaluating the dividend, look it's something we're always taking a look at and discussing with our Board in terms of the best way to return value to shareholders. I think we demonstrated during the downturn that even with all of that volatility maintaining the dividend was an important priority for us. So we're at a level where we don't want to get out over our skies, because as you know this industry can be quite volatile and we want to make sure, you know, we can be relied upon from an investor base on a consistent basis here. Saying that though, as we continue to generate strong free cash flow, look at investment opportunities and the best way to continue to meet our return objectives. It's not out of the cards, but at this moment in time, I'd say we're happy with where it sits today and we'll continue to update you if our thinking changes.
Operator: And ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude the Q&A portion of today's conference. I'd like to turn the call back to Lorenzo for any closing remarks.
Lorenzo Simonelli: Thank you, and thank you to everyone for joining our earnings call today. Before we end the call, I want to leave you with some closing thoughts. We're very pleased with the way the team executed during the fourth quarter and navigated the many challenges over the course of 2021. For the full year, we delivered growth in orders and operating margins, and delivered record free cash flow generation helping us return almost $1.2 billion to shareholders. Looking ahead, we're excited about the multi-year growth opportunities developing across our portfolio and believe that Baker Hughes is well positioned to capitalize on the cyclical growth in upstream and longer-term structural growth in LNG and new energy. Thank you for taking the time and I look forward to speaking with you all again soon. Operator, you may now close out the call.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude today's presentation. You may now disconnect and have a wonderful day.

===== 2021 Q3  (2021-10-20 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Baker Hughes Company Third Quarter 2021 Earnings Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later we will conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions will follow at that time. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded. I would now like to introduce your host for today's conference, Mr. Jud Bailey, Vice President, Investor Relations. Sir, you may begin.
Jud Bailey: Thank you. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to the Baker Hughes Third Quarter 2021 Earnings Conference Call. Here with me are Chairman and CEO, Lorenzo Simonelli, and our CFO, Brian Worrell. The earnings release we issued earlier today can be found on our website at bakerhughes.com. As a reminder, during the course of this conference call, we will provide forward-looking statements. These statements are not guarantees of future performance and involve a number of risks and assumptions. Please review our SEC filings and website for a discussion of some of the factors that could cause actual results to differ materially. As you know, reconciliations of operating income and other GAAP to non-GAAP measures can be found in our earnings release. With that, I will turn the call over to Lorenzo.
Lorenzo Simonelli: Thank you, Jud. Good morning, everyone, and thanks for joining us. We are pleased with the way the team has continued to execute on our strategy over the course of the third quarter. At the total Company level. We had a strong orders quarter grew adjusted EBITDA, and adjusted operating income margin rates sequentially and year-over-year. And had another solid quarter of free cash flow. While we did experience some mixed results across our product companies, on the positive side, TPS generated strong orders, operating income, and margin rates, and our fee had a solid orders quarter. On the more challenging side, our business was negatively impacted by Hurricane Ida, cost inflation in our chemicals business and delivery issues stemming from supply chain constraints, while DS also faced supply chain delays that impacted product deliveries. As we look at the macro environment, the global economy continues to recover. However, the pace of growth is being hampered by lingering effects from the COVID-19 Delta Variant, global ship shortages, supply chain issues, and energy supply constraints in multiple parts of the world. Despite these headwinds, global growth appears to be on a relatively solid footing, underpinning a favorable outlook for the oil market, aided by continued spending discipline by the world's largest producers. In the natural gas and LNG markets, fundamentals remain strong with a combination of solid demand growth and extremely tight supply in many parts of the world. In fact, we believe the positive case for structural demand growth in natural gas as part of the broader energy transition is becoming increasingly evident. The current environment illustrates the need for policy makers to focus on the utilization of natural gas as a base load fuel that can be combined with renewable energy sources to provide a cleaner, safer, more affordable, and more reliable source of energy to populations around the world. A number of developed economies have had great success over the last 10 to 15 years, lowering their carbon emissions by switching from coal to natural gas. However, some policy scenarios have seen a more rapid conversion straight to renewables, which limits the role of natural gas as a transition fuel and can lead to broader grid instability. We believe that there is a strong and logical combination of a secure, stable baseload of natural gas that is needed to complement renewable energy sources, and in turn offset intermittencies. As we can see from recent events, the cost of moving too aggressively are beginning to surface, as multiple parts of the world are experiencing energy shortages, unprecedented increases in energy prices, and shutdowns and brown outs across multiple industries. The increase in natural gas prices has been most acute due to a number of factors, including under-investment in gas reserves, a decline in contribution from hydroelectric and renewable power, and continued increases in energy demand. Ironically, the four-line from higher prices has also led to an increase in coal consumption, leading to coal shortages and a spike in coal prices. Natural gas has been a key contributor to lowering emissions in the United States over the last 15 years. As power generation consumption switch from coal to natural gas. U.S. power consumption of natural gas has increased from around 16% of total generation to roughly 40% over the past 20 years. While coal consumption has declined from over 50% of the energy supply mix to approximately 25% over the same period. By comparison, today roughly 60% of Asia-Pacific's power generation comes from coal, and about 10% from natural gas. As more countries step-up their carbon reduction commitments, we believe that natural gas will play a critical role in displacing higher emission sources, like coal and by supporting the growth in renewable energy technologies, with relatively cheaper, and affordable base load power. Natural gas and LNG are core to Baker Hughes ' strategy and we will continue to play a key role in providing natural gas as a safe, reliable resource to the world. In addition to our focus on natural gas and LNG, Baker Hughes are spent considerable time over the last few years to move and accelerate our broader strategy forward. During the third quarter, we outlined how we are working to best position Baker Hughes for today and in the coming years. We have given a lot of thought around how to service the oil and gas and energy markets today, while also investing for the future across the industrial space and various new energy initiatives. While we continue to execute our strategy through the three pillars of transform the core, investor growth, and position for new frontiers, the way that we're thinking about the Company and our broader long-term strategy is clearly evolving. As we recently highlighted at an investor conference at the beginning of September, we are starting to view our Company in two broad business areas: Oilfield Services & Equipment and Industrial Energy Technology. On the OFSE side of the Company, we have a technology-leading global enterprise with core strengths in drilling services, high-end completion tools, flexible pipe, artificial lift, and production and downstream chemicals. We strongly believe that these businesses can generate top-tier returns and free cash flow conversion. Our FSC is poised to benefit from cyclical growth in the coming years as we believe that we are in the early stages of a broad-based multiyear recovery that will be characterized by longer-term investments into the core OPEC plus countries. The way we think about industrial energy technology or IUG is essentially our TPS and DS businesses, both product companies have compelling portfolios that are beginning to see significant secular growth opportunities, particularly in the areas like hydrogen and CCUs. With core competencies across a number of offerings like power generation, compression, and condition monitoring, as well as the growing presence in flow control, industrial asset management, and digital. We have a strong foundation on which to build an even more comprehensive presence in the broad industrial energy technology markets. We believe that focusing on 2 major business areas with close alignment, will enhance our flexibility, improve execution, increase shareholder returns, and provide long-term optionality as the energy markets evolve. Now, I will give you an update on each of our segments. In Oilfield Services, activity levels continue to increase during the third quarter with North America outpacing the international markets broadly. As I just mentioned, we believe the OFS market is in the early stages of a broad-based, multiyear recovery. Internationally, we saw the strongest rig count growth during the third quarter in Southeast Asia, followed by a more modest growth in the North Sea and Latin America. The return to growth in Russia and the Middle East has been slower as OPEC+ is taking a measured approach to increasing production. However, based on discussions with our customers, the pipeline of opportunities in these regions continues to grow and will likely be a major driver of international growth in 2022. In North America, offshore activity was disrupted by hurricanes during the month of August. While U.S. land continues to steadily move higher. The underlying trends in North America remains the same with public EMPs and IOCs remaining disciplined in deploying capita, while private EMPs remain more active. Based on conversations with our customers, we expect firm activity during the fourth quarter and continued strong growth in 2022. While activity levels and pricing discussions are both moving in the right direction. Our OFS business has also had to navigate multiple challenges during the third quarter. They include: Hurricane Ida, COVID related impacts, supply chain constraints, and higher input costs in our production chemicals business. Despite these challenges, we remain focused on growing our margin rate through a combination of cost reduction and efficiency initiative, as well as pricing increases to offset higher cost. As a result, we remain committed to driving OFS EBITDA margins to 20% level over the medium term. Moving to TPS, the outlook continues to improve, driven by opportunities in LNG onshore/offshore production, pumps and valves, and new energy initiative. We still expect the order outlook for TPS in 2021 to be roughly consistent with 2020. Importantly, the case for a multiyear growth opportunity beginning next year continues to improve. While we expect the majority of the order growth in TPS to be driven by LNG over the next couple of years, we anticipate that we will start to book more meaningful equipment orders related to hydrogen and CCUs in 2022. In LNG, while we did not book any awards during the fourth quarter, we still expect to book 1 or 2 additional awards by the end of 2021. Based on the pace of discussions with multiple customers and the positive fundamentals in the global gas markets, we still see the opportunity for an additional 100 to a 150 MTPA of awards over the next 2-3 years with a bias towards the upper end of that range. For the non LNG segments of our TPS portfolio, we see multiple opportunities for continued growth. Most notably, our onshore-offshore production segment is poised to benefit from a strong project pipeline for FPSO awards, driven by a number of opportunities in Latin America. In the third quarter, we were pleased to book 2 largest TSO awards in Brazil for power generation and compression equipment. Building on our recent success earlier in 2021 and in 2020. We have now booked 8 FPSO and offshore topside equipment awards so far in 2021, which follows 5 awards in 2020. We also continue to see success in the industrial market, where TPS recently secured wins for our NovaLT industrial gas turbine technology in India and China. We are deploying our NovaLT turbines for power generation across several industrial segments, including electronics, ammonia production, and pharmaceutical manufacturing. In carbon capture, TPS was selected to supply booster and export centrifugal pumps to the Northern Lights CO2 transport and storage project in Norway. This order highlights our CO2 pump injection capabilities and is the first CCUS award for our pumps product line. For TPS services, we saw continued signs of recovery during the quarter with strong growth across transactional and contractual services, as well as our upgrade business. And we remain optimistic about the outlook for 2022. Next on all field equipment, we remain focused on rightsizing the business, improving profitability, and optimizing the portfolio in the face of what remains an unclear long-term offshore outlook. Trends in our OFSE business remains somewhat mixed, despite Brent prices around $80. We continue to see a strong pipeline of flexible or the opportunities, as well as improving market conditions in our international wellheads and services business. For industry-wide subsea trees, we continue to expect modest improvement in 2021, followed by some additional growth in 2022. During the third quarter, we were pleased to be awarded a contract by Chevron Australia to deliver subsea compression manifold technology for the Jansz-Io Compression project in offshore Western Australia. This important win builds on our previous success for subsea equipment orders for Chevron 's Gorgon natural gas facility. We recently completed the merger of our Subsea Drilling Systems business with MHWirth. We own 50% of the new, fully independent Company now called HMH. The merger is an excellent example of how we are transforming the core to ensure that we are making the right strategic decisions for Baker Hughes. By combining the 2 businesses, HMH will have more capability and a more integrated offering. Customers are incredibly complementary about this enhanced model, and we look forward to seeing HMH succeed in the future. Finally, in digital solutions, we saw multiple challenges during the quarter. Electrical component shortages, largely around semiconductors, boards, and displays, led to lower revenue conversion, as well as broader supply chain constraints that drove pressure in the quarter. We recognized that we have work to do in digital solutions to drive operating margins back to an acceptable level. We are implementing changes across the business to drive operational improvements and ensure that we have the right team in place to take this business back to where it needs to be. Core to our strategy and DS is building out our industrial asset management platform. This area of focus encompasses a range of digital services and products around asset performance, asset inspection, and emissions management. As the world strive towards a net 0 target in the coming decades, enterprise level industrial asset management capabilities will be a key driver by enabling better operating efficiency, lowering energy consumption, and reducing emissions across multiple industries. Today, we have a strong position in monitoring critical industrial assets across a range of different facilities. The next steps in our strategy will be expanding our presence to non-critical assets and developing software capabilities to allow us to cover the entire balance supply. During the quarter, continued to expand its industrial asset management presence with a number of wins across multiple end markets. We were pleased to announce the strategic framework alliance agreement with SABIC for integrated asset performance management services. This 5-year alliance includes the delivery of Bentley Nevada plant wide condition monitoring and machine asset protection services across over 1,200 assets at over 16 SABIC sites in Saudi Arabia. The partnership with SABIC will deliver localized maintenance support and access to Bentley Nevada's growing suite of sensors, hardware, software, and engineering services, including the expansive, now Cloud enabled System 1 platform. In Latin America, Bentley Nevada team secured a contract with a major Company to apply System One and condition monitoring solutions to 2 hydroelectric plants in a wind farm. System One will deliver proactive asset management to more than 600 megawatts of power between the free power generation facilities, enabling safer and more reliable renewable energy. Despite a more challenging quarter in parts of our portfolio, we believe that Baker Hughes is uniquely positioned in the coming years to deliver sector leading free cash flow conversion, while also building one of the most compelling energy transition growth stories. We are committed to evolving our Company with the energy markets while maintaining our prioritization on free cash flow, returns above our cost of capital, and return in capital to our shareholders. With that, I'll turn the call over to Brian.
Brian Worrell: Thanks, Lorenzo. I'll begin with the total Company result and then move into the segment details. Orders for the quarter were $5.4 billion, up 6% sequentially driven by TPS, OFS, and OFE, partially offset by a decrease in digital solutions. Year-over-year orders were up 5% driven by increases in OFE, OFS and DS, partially offset by a decrease in TPS. Re main ing performance obligation was $23.5 billion down 1% sequentially. Equipment IPO ended at $7.6 billion, down 1% sequentially, and services IPO ended at $15.9 billion down 2% sequentially. The reduction in IPO in the quarter was primarily driven by foreign exchange movements. Our total Company book-to-bill ratio in the quarter was 1.1 and our equipment book-to-bill in the quarter was 1.1. Revenue for the quarter was 5.1 billion, down 1% sequentially, driven by declines in TPS, OFE, and DS partially offset by an increase in OFS. Year-over-year, revenue was up 1% driven by increases in OFS, TPS and DS, partially offset by a decrease in OFE. Operating income for the quarter was $378 million. Adjusted operating income was $402 million, which excludes $24 million of restructuring, separation, and other charges. Adjusted operating income was up 21% sequentially and 72% year-over-year. Our adjusted operating income rate for the quarter was 7.9%, up 140 basis points sequentially, year-over-year, our adjusted operating income rate was up 330 basis points. Adjusted EBITDA in the quarter was $664 million, which excludes $24 million of restructuring, separation, and other charges. Adjusted EBITDA was up 9% sequentially and up 21% year-over-year. Corporate costs were $105 million in the quarter. For the fourth quarter, we expect corporate costs to be flat compared to third quarter levels. Depreciation and amortization expense was $262 million in the quarter. For the fourth quarter, we expect DNA to be roughly flat, sequentially. Net interest expense was $67 million. Income tax expense in the quarter was $193 million. GAAP earnings per share was $0.01. Included in GAAP earnings per share are losses from the net change in fair value of our investment in C3.ai. These charges are recorded in other non-operating income. Adjusted earnings per share were $0.16. Turning to the cash flow statement, free cash flow in the quarter was $305 million. Free cash flow for the third quarter includes $40 million of cash payments related to restructuring and separation activities. We are again particularly pleased with our free cash flow performance in the third quarter following the strength we saw in the first half of 2021. We have now generated almost $1.2 billion of free cash flow in the first three quarters of this year, which includes $210 million of cash restructuring and separation-related payments. For the total year 2021, we now believe that our free cash conversion from adjusted EBITDA will exceed 50%. We are pleased to see the performance this year as we have worked hard to improve our working capital and cash processes. Our diverse portfolio of capital-light businesses and strong free cash flow performance provides the Company with flexibility and optionality when it comes to our broader capital allocation strategy. Last year, this flexibility allowed us to be the only Company in our core peer group to maintain its dividend during the COVID crisis. This year, our recovery from the industry downturn, coupled with our strong cash performance, enabled us to authorize a $2 billion share repurchase in July, which we began to execute on in early September and the third quarter, we repurchased 4.4 million Baker Hughes Class A shares for $106 million at an average price of just over $24 per share. Going forward, our strong balance sheet and strong free cash flow capability provide us with attractive optionality to continue to return cash to shareholders and also invest in offerings related to energy transition. More specifically, in addition to paying our dividend, we intend to repurchase shares on a consistent basis and deploy capital in the tuck-in M&A and technology investments on an opportunistic basis. Now, I will walk you through the segment results in more detail and give you our thoughts on the outlook going forward. Starting with Oilfield Services, revenue in the quarter was $2.4 billion up 3% sequentially. International revenue was up 2% sequentially, led by increases in Latin America and the Middle East, offset by declines in Asia-Pacific and the North Sea. North American revenue increased 3% with solid growth in North America land offset by declines in North America offshore due to Hurricane Ida disruptions. Operating income was $190 million, up 11% sequentially. OFS operating margin rates expanded 60 basis points to 7.9%, due to higher volume and lower depreciation and amortization. Overall, OFS results were below our expectations in the third quarter due to several factors, but most notably Hurricane Ida and supply chain related issues that impacted both revenues and margins. Our chemicals business with the most heavily affected from these issues, with some pricing increases offset by escalating input, freight, and logistics costs. As we look ahead into the fourth quarter, we expect to see solid sequential improvement in international activity and continued improvement in North America. As a result, we expect sequential revenue growth for OFS in the fourth quarter in the mid-single digits. On the margin side, we expect stronger sequential margin improvement in the fourth quarter as some of the supply chain related headwinds abate and expected product sales lead to a more favorable mix. As a result, we believe that operating margin rates could approach double-digits in the fourth quarter. Although it's still early, I would like to give you some initial thoughts on how we see the OFS market in 2022. In the International market, we expect the continuation of a broad-based recovery with double-digit growth, a likely scenario across all geographic market. In North America, we have limited visibility next year due to the short-cycle nature of the market. We believe that the region could experience strong double-digit growth if commodity prices remain at current levels. With this type of macro backdrop, we would expect to generate double-digit revenue growth in OFS in 2022. Margin rates should also see strong improvement at some of the recent supply chain and cost escalation headwinds normalized. Moving to oilfield equipment, orders in the quarter were $724 million, up 68% year-over-year, and up 6% sequentially. Strong year-over-year growth was driven by subsea production systems and subsea services. As Lorenzo mentioned, orders this quarter were supported by a large contract from Chevron Australia for subsea compression manifold technology. The sequential improvement was driven by an increase in orders in Subsea Drilling Systems and Subsea Services, partially offset by lower activity in SPS. Revenue was $603 million, down 17% year-over-year, primarily driven by declines in SPS, SPC Projects, and the disposition of SPC Flow, partially offset by growth in Subsea Services and Flexibles. Operating income was $14 million, down 27% year-over-year, driven by lower volumes. For the fourth quarter, we expect revenue to decrease sequentially driven by the removal of SPS from consolidated OFE operations. We expect operating margin rate to remain in the low single digits. Looking ahead to 2022, we expect a modest recovery in offshore activity driven by higher oil prices and capital deployment into low cost basins and projects. We expect OFE revenue to be down primarily driven by the deconsolidation of SDS, but we expect OFE margins to be in the low to mid single digit range, driven by business mix and benefits from the recent cost out actions taken. Next, I will cover turbine machinery. Ron and the team delivered another strong quarter with solid execution, and we are very pleased with the performance the TPS team has delivered this year. Orders in the quarter were $1.7 billion down 9% year-over-year. Equipment orders were down 33% year-over-year. As Lorenzo mentioned, orders this quarter were supported by 2 large FPSO awards in Brazil for power generation and compression equipment. The year-over-year decrease was primarily driven by a large LNG order we received in the third quarter of 2020 from Qatar Petroleum. Service orders in the quarter were up 31% year-over-year, driven by increases in transactional services, contractual services, and upgrades. Revenue for the quarter was $1.6 billion, up 3% versus the prior year. Equipment revenue was up 2%. Services revenue was up 4% versus the prior year. Operating income for TPS was $278 million, up 46% year-over-year, driven by higher volume and continued execution on cost productivity. Operating margin was 17.8%, up 520 basis points year-over-year. For the fourth quarter, we expect strong sequential revenue growth due to the continued execution of our LNG and onshore/offshore production backlog, as well as typical fourth quarter seasonality. As a result, TPS operating income should increase on a sequential basis with operating margin rates likely flat due to equipment project timing. Looking into 2022, we expect double-digit order growth in TPS led by LNG opportunities. We also see a solid pipeline of opportunities in our onshore offshore production segment, along with growth opportunities in pumps, hydrogen, and CCUS. Although we expect to see a strong increase in TPS orders in this environment, we expect revenue to be roughly flat or modestly up in 2022. This will depend on the growth of services, the pacing of equipment, project execution, and order intake early in the year. On the margin side, we expect operating income margin rates to be roughly flat to modestly down, depending on the mix between equipment and service. Finally, in Digital Solutions, orders for the quarter were $523 million, up 6% year-over-year. We saw growth in orders and industrial and transportation. Sequentially, orders were down 3% driven by declines in oil and gas and power. Revenue for the quarter was $510 million at 1% year-over-year, primarily driven by higher volumes in Process & Pipeline Services and Waygate Technologies, partially offset by lower volume in Nexus Controls and Bently Nevada. Sequentially, revenue was down 2%, driven by lower volume in Bently Nevada, partially offset by TPS. As Lorenzo noted earlier, electrical component shortages and supply chain constraints lead to lower revenue conversion during the quarter. DS also saw some COVID-19 mobility restrictions in Asia Pacific and the Middle East, and delays in plant outages as a result of Hurricane Ida. Operating income for the quarter was $26 million down 44% year-over-year, largely driven by headwinds from mix of volume, supply chain challenges, and higher R&D costs. Sequentially, operating income was up 3%. For the fourth quarter, we expect to see strong sequential revenue and margin rate growth in line with the traditional year-end seasonality. Looking into 2022, we expect solid growth in revenue as supply chain constraints begin to ease and orders pick up across Digital Solutions. With higher volumes, we expect strong improvements in DS margins. Overall, I am pleased with our continued strong free cash flow execution and TPS business performance. While we faced short-term challenges in our DS and OFS businesses, we are confident in our ability to execute in the fourth quarter and into 2022. With that, I will turn the call back over to Jeff.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] one follow-up. Our first question comes from James West with Evercore ISI.
James West: Hey, good morning, guys.
Lorenzo Simonelli: Hey, James.
Brian Worrell: Hi, James.
James West: So Lorenzo, TPS for 2022, I'm curious to hear your thoughts on both order rates, growth rates for that business. There's a lot of really positive momentum as you know in LNG and the natural gas in general, as you highlighted in your prepared comments. I'd like to kind of hear your -- broad outlook for that business, as we go into next year because I think we should be -- and maybe even 23, we should be going to a major cycle for TPS.
Lorenzo Simonelli: Yeah, James, and we feel good about the TPS orders outlook, and we do expect, as was mentioned, that we'll see double-digit order growth in 2022. and a lot of that driven by the LNG opportunities. We've spoken about LNG before and as you look at the outlook for 2030, we increase the capacity requirement LNG to 800 MTPA. And during the course of the next few years, we see projects of 100 to 150 MTPA being awarded, and we've got a bias towards the upper end of that and feel very good about the projects coming through. A number of customer discussions that have been ongoing and you've seen what's happening in the industry at the moment. So we feel good about LNG with some large FID as well as small mid-size opportunities. And then also in the other segments of our TPS business, when you look at the offshore-onshore production site, most notably with some of the FPSO s and a strong number of opportunities in Latin America coming through, continue traction on the services business, both transactional contractual. And then as we go through '22 and beyond also, a continued pipeline of good growth opportunities for our pumps, valves, as well as the new energy markets of hydrogen and CCUS. So this is a good cycle for TPS and orders outlook positive.
James West: Okay. Good to hear. And maybe leveraging of the -- that last statement you made on the new energy's business. What are you thinking about growth there in '22 and '23 and beyond? Are you starting to mean business and now we're going through a period of everyday, there's announcement in hydrogen or CCUS, but are -- is this starting to translate now into concrete business, or is that still in the comm? How are we going to think about that, the new?
Lorenzo Simonelli: Hey, James. We're definitely seeing the pipeline of opportunities getting more firmed up and you'll that seeing that even in 3Q we announced the selection of TPS to supply booster and exports centrifugal pumps to Northern Light CO2 transport and storage project in Norway. So previously we've also made announcements around the linkage with that product. So you're starting to see the market mature and also the opportunities per market. We look to 2022, we expect to see $100 to $200 million of orders from the new energy spaces and as we go forward during the course of the next 3 to 4 years, we think that it could be around 10% of our TPS orders coming from the new energy spaces and as we said before, by the end of the decade, we could have as much a $6 to 7 billion of orders in the new energy spaces. So good traction. And as you know we're coming up to COP 26 and there's a lot activity and we think that with continued regulation and continued support and policies, this is going to be more firming up in the new energy space as we go forward.
James West: Okay. Great. Thanks, Lorenzo.
Lorenzo Simonelli: Thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from Chase Mulvehill with Bank of America.
Chase Mulvehill: Hey, good morning, everybody.
Brian Worrell: Hey, Chase.
Chase Mulvehill: Hey, Brian. So I guess first if we can just --
Lorenzo Simonelli: Hey, Chase.
Chase Mulvehill: Hey, Lorenzo. Can we dig into the OFS a little bit? I mean, you gave us some color around supply chain friction and raw material cost inflation, hampering 3Q results. But could you maybe just expand a little bit on that? And I don't know if you want to quantify the impacts of each and maybe some of the timing of getting some of this stuff resolved.
Brian Worrell: Yeah, Chase, I'll give you some more color on that. Look, as I said, OFS revenues were up 3% sequentially in the quarter. North America land actually basically performed in line with overall market trends when you factor in the heavy influence of our oilfield and industrials chemicals business. And international, we did see some increases primarily in Latin America,
Brian Worrell: Russia, and the Middle East, that were offset by declines in some other areas due to some of the one-off factors that we talked about. So if I break it down and look at what was going on and what impacted revenue, a couple of things there. First, we did mention Ida, as well as some of the supply chain constraints. So I'd say these 2 items cost us about 30 to $40 million in revenue during the quarter. Ida, obviously pretty straightforward as to what was going on logistics. We're impacted by this timing of some shipments, and some COVID related things, and a couple of our suppliers, and in a couple of factories that will come back, not anything lost there. And then Asia-Pacific specifically was modestly down during the quarter really related to some COVID delays and mobility issues and that was about $10-15 million of that overall revenue impact. And I'd say in the second area where we saw some impacts in the quarter, again, I think they are transitory or were around margin impacts related to some of the supply chain items that I talked about. Most notably, we saw some higher freight and shipping costs across several product lines that resulted in higher cost in the quarter. We saw that particularly in lift and in the chemicals business. And while we have been pushing price increases, there is a delay in that coming through with some of the contracts and things that we have in place. And I'd say, Chase, we -- as far as the COVID -related items go in factories and stuff, we have been working with the supply chain to build up inventory and safety stock to be able to handle that as we move forward. And then on the logistics front, we are starting to see that stabilize and ease a bit. We saw a lot of capacity constraints, particularly in air as commercial aviation is well below pre -pandemic levels. You don't have as much room in the belly of planes with fewer flight. So as the U.S. opens up and more countries open up here, we're starting to see that creep back up and we've got a good plans to deal with that. And look, I'd say the team mates made some really smart decisions here in the quarter on some of the product sales Chase, where we saw logistics cost increase. We worked with our customers to make sure we weren't impacting their timings and the team decided not to ship at some of these higher costs and expedited freight cost. And did the right thing for customers and for shareholders in terms of delaying some of those shipments and getting the lower cost as we look here in the fourth quarter. So over it, on top of it, everybody is working on it and I think most of this is transitory. We're still spending a lot of time on chemicals as they have some unique things going on in the supply chain, but feel good about OFS, and the margin trajectory we laid out over the short to medium-term here.
Chase Mulvehill: You mentioned chemicals here. So as a follow-up, maybe if we can just pull chemicals out and just talk about separately about some of the issues that were happening in 3Q. You talked about some raw material cost, inflation, supply chain issues, freight, but maybe just hash that out and just lay out the path of getting chemicals, margins, and back up to where they were pre -COVID or maybe even above.
Brian Worrell: Yeah, Chase. I'd say the chemicals business actually had about a 100 bps drag on overall OFS margins in third quarter due to the input costs that we saw come through in some of the logistics challenges. And look, we have instituted multiple price increase s in the chemicals business. But most of our large contracts have contractual price renegotiations every 3 to 6 months. And when we put some of these increases in place, it does take some time for them to roll through based on the contracts that we have. But spot prices have definitely been taken up. Given how quickly we saw increases for inputs like ethylene and propylene. There is a bit of a delay in terms of getting that through to customers. The other thing in our chemicals business that's a bit unique for us is, we've been particularly impacted by our sizable presence in North America and our concentration of supply in the Gulf Coast. About 75% of our supply chain rolls to the Gulf Coast, which has been impacted by several things this year. Earlier, the Texas freeze and then, obviously in August, Hurricane Ida, and about 10% of our North America chemical business is in the Gulf Coast. So that saw a drop here in the quarter as well. So look, we've got some pretty good contracts in place, we've worked to diversify the supply base here in the short term. I'd also remind you that we started back in 2018 and I'm happy to say that in the early part of 2022, our factory in Singapore should be up and running. That is going to be a natural margin accretion, Chase, as we have secured pretty favorable input costs there and are going to be closer to a lot of our customers in Asia, which will naturally cut down on logistics costs. The Head of Supply Chain Maria Claudia is spending his time down in Sugar Land and working to make sure these things are smooth out here. So for us it really boils down to two things. It's getting those price increases through which I feel good, we'll start to feel them coming, and we've worked hard on the supply chain to make sure that the logistics are squared away and we're working on the supply base as far as the input costs go. And I just note that typically the chemicals business is accretive to overall OFS margins. They've done a great job through the first half of the year. We did see that flip in the third quarter here. And I do think it's transitory and as things start to normalize, that business, we'll see margin rates improve. And again, Chase, we'll just reiterate that we feel good about the margin track that we laid out for OFS and being able to deliver on that 20% plus EBITDA here in the near to medium term.
Chase Mulvehill: All right. Perfect. Please, Brian, I'll turn it over.
Brian Worrell: Thanks, Chase.
Operator: Our next question comes from Neil Mehta with Goldman Sachs.
Neil Mehta: Good morning, Lorenzo team. The kick --
Lorenzo Simonelli: Hi, Neil
Neil Mehta: The kick-off question for me is around Digital Solutions. The operating margins have lingered in that 5% range for the last 3 quarters. You identified some supply chain concerns in the release. How do you see the margin dynamics in the business moving in 4Q, especially with year-end sales and supply chain concerns? And when do you see some of those issues abating?
Brian Worrell: Yes, Neil. Hi. Look, as we did say, we did see a few challenges in the quarter and I'd say the supply chain is primarily focused around electrical component shortages, largely around semiconductors boards and displays that led to really some lower convert ability in the quarter. And there's real tightness in supply in that market. We did have a quality issue from one of our suppliers that came out late in the quarter. And with the tightness in the supply chain and in the supplier base, that typically could have been rectified within the quarter that is certainly had an impact and made some -- made some of the shipments slip out. I'd say overall, the component shortages and a little bit around logistics and similar things we saw in Asia in OFS, we also saw in DS, roughly impacted the top line about 3% to 4% in the quarter. Look, we've been well aware of this, we've been taking preemptive steps to make sure we have got the right products to fulfill. And I'd say the teams do daily production meetings on this and move things around accordingly. We have started to see that stabilize a little bit and it feel good that we've got what we need to deliver in the fourth quarter from a supply chain standpoint and we're obviously working on 2022 as we speak today. Look, to get margins back up into the mid-teams, which is where they should be, it will require higher volume and more recovery from our biggest businesses like Bently Nevada, Nexus, and Waygate. And for fourth quarter in particular, we do see a strong sequential revenue in line with traditional year-end seasonality. As I said, the supply chain constraints around electrical components is stabilizing, and the logistics, we've worked too similar to what we've done in OFS and have that lined up for the quarter as well. So look, we should see margin rate growth in line with the traditional seasonality as well. And then for 2022, the team is working hard to make sure supply chain is certainly not an issue. And again, it comes down to getting those orders in the big businesses which we've got a really solid pipeline. And as we see the economy recover, we should see strength in those businesses, particularly in the industrial sector.
Neil Mehta: That's really helpful.
Lorenzo Simonelli: Neil, just to add, maybe. I think we have a good understanding of what we need to do at Digital Solutions. And clearly it's an aspect of organizational changes, supply chain improvements, and also commercial intensity, besides Brian laid out going into 2022, those margin rates should improve and we see again Digital Solutions getting back to where it needs to be. So a big focus by myself and Brian on getting it back on track.
Neil Mehta: That make sense, Lorenzo. I have got follow-up here in terms of, can you provide some incremental color on how the strategy of operating OFS and OFE and TPS and DS as more distinctly different group is going? And then how are you thinking about potential opportunities for maximizing shareholder value eventually if the long-term plan here that businesses are separated?
Lorenzo Simonelli: Neil, again, you may have seen at a Investor Conference in September, we really laid out the way in which we view the business from two areas: one being the upstream Oilfield Services, and equipment side which has tailwind. But it's also a mature marketplace and then the emerging higher growth in industrial energy technology. As you look at it, we also said it makes sense to keep it together and really run the full product companies as we do today, but it provides optionality as we go forward as well, and we'll always look at it from what's best for the shareholder return standpoint. There are benefits from a customer-based perspective. There's also synergies from a technology standpoint, and we'll continue to run it on that basis and also continue to review what's best for the shareholders going forward. So that's really -- the key-in focus was to try and to pick really the 2 growth areas that we have, one and more mature space, but then the evolving space of energy transition and also industrial applications for us.
Brian Worrell: Yes, Neil and I just add that, look, we're paying close attention to the market and ultimately that will dictate capital allocation in these businesses and how we invest. And we're starting to see the market evolve. and push for more integration between our offerings, which is a good thing. We see multiple opportunities here, particularly in New Energy and in the digital space for the teams to work together across the portfolio. But clearly as the market evolves, there will be different capital allocation priorities for those two big areas. And we'll keep you guys updated on how we think about and I just remind you that with the HMH deal that just closed, we've clearly demonstrated that we're willing to do things differently for the portfolio to increase overall returns and make these businesses successful in different markets.
Neil Mehta: Thanks team.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Scott Gruber with Citigroup.
Scott Gruber: Yes. Good morning
Lorenzo Simonelli: That's great, Scott.
Brian Worrell: Good morning.
Scott Gruber: I just wanted to to continue on the same amount of inquiry, I guess, asking it a little bit more directly. I guess is if you do see proper value attribution for the industrial energy technology side of the business embedded within Baker stock, would you then be inclined to remain integrated? I mean, does that just the really the primary issue here?
Lorenzo Simonelli: Yeah, Scott. Look, I think, again, we wanted to depict the optionality that we have and that's why we clearly laid out the 2 business areas. And ultimately, we think that it's a topic that investors and the market will decide as we go forward. We see that there are synergies there today, as we mentioned before, on just the global scale, the customer base, and we'll continue to monitor as that evolves. What it provides for us is also differentiation in the marketplace. Again, we've got a portfolio that can really cut across the landscape of energy within these 2 different business areas.
Scott Gruber: Got it. And then just turning back to OFS, a few of your peers are starting to highlight selective areas of pricing gains, both domestically and internationally. Are you seeing pricing traction on discrete services, particularly on the international side where we just have less insight. When contemplating the 20% EBITDA margin goal, How much pricing is required to get to that margin threshold, if there's much contemplated when putting forth that goal?
Lorenzo Simonelli: I will pick it up here, Scott and then, generally speaking, we've been pushing pricing to offset the cost inflation and we've seen success in that outside of the chemicals business, which is, as Brian mentioned, going to take a little longer due to the way the contractual agreements work. Where we're seeing the largest gains is in North America, also in some of the markets internationally. I'd say one area that remains competitive is some of the largest centers in the Middle East on the turnkey aspect. And again, we're being very much focused in how we price and looking to offset inflation.
Brian Worrell: I would just add to that even when you look at the path, the 20%, we're not counting on net price to get us there. It's really working hard to offset the inflation, particularly in chemicals as I've mentioned here. But again, we have -- we've been executing a lot in terms of improving margins in OFS. And I just remind you, again. I mentioned the chemicals factory that's going to be starting in Singapore in the first half of the year. In addition to that, we have a lot of the initiatives that have been taking hold over the last 12 to 18 months, including remote operations. We still are closing down some rooftops and we've got some supply chain moves where we're moving things closer to our largest customer base. So there's still some of the things, Scott, that we put into place that haven't fully matured and are fully reflected in the results yet. And that will come through in the fourth quarter and into next year as we bridge over to that 20%+ EBITDA rate.
Scott Gruber: Got it. Thanks, Brian. Appreciate it, Lorenzo.
Lorenzo Simonelli: Thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from David Anderson with Barclays.
David Anderson: Hey, good morning. A question on the mix of TPS revenue going into '22 and '23, in particular, on the pace of backlog conversion. I guess I'm curious, is it fair to say the Aftermarket Services has been much slower to convert over the last couple of years and that should accelerate in the next couple of years? And then secondarily, the equipment side on backlog conversion, how does that compare to historicals? Is that normal? Can we just -- help me understand how you see those two components moving forward. I heard your guidance on the TPS revenue and the orders, but just maybe a little bit more color on the mix between those two categories, please. Thank you.
Brian Worrell: Yes. Yes. David, look, I mean, Ron and the team have done an outstanding job this year, and I'd say from a backlog conversion standpoint, and I've seen this for almost 20 years now in TPS. Things can move around from a project timing step -- project timing perspective. It's mostly customer schedules that move that with some moving forward and some being pushed back. I'd say what we're seeing right now is just typical movement across the backlog. Our actually capability and capacity to fulfill has certainly gotten better over the last few years. And so we can have that flexibility for our customers. And so I'd say what you've seen this year is you've seen some projects move in, you've seen some projects move out, and just given the order cadence and how that cycle is -- has played out, that's really what's driven the uptake in what we see in equipment revenue for 2022. As far as services go, look, we saw a bit of a dip last year. Contractual services has performed exactly in line with how we thought. We did see some movement in transactional services. And then we started to see an uptake and upgrades coming through this year and the tailwinds for services look pretty good for next year as well. So while you may not see the same level of growth that you do in equipment because of the way the backlog is going to convert, we're pretty happy with the trajectory that we see in TPS services side, just break that down again. Contractual services have performed right in line with what we expected. Transactional orders are up this year. We expect revenue to be up next year for that. And the upgrade cadence looks pretty good as well. So listen, overall, next year margins for both businesses within TPS are going to be strong. The overall margin rate is really going to depend on the mix of equipment versus services. And the other thing I'd just add about the performance here is cost productivity has been outstanding this year, With how Ron and the team have been executing. I would expect that they would drive productivity next year. Given everything we're seeing in the commodity markets, not prudent right now to count on it falling through at the same level, given some of the potential inflation that's coming through. But I think we've demonstrated this year that that team can drive productivity and it's shown up in the margin rates and they are ahead of where we thought they'd be at this time, and I'm really pleased with that, and feel good about the outlook for next year.
David Anderson: That's great, Brian. Thank you very much. Lorenzo -- okay. Sure.
Lorenzo Simonelli: Just to add on the -- if you look at the LNG outlook that we indicated and the potential for the 100 to a 150 MTPA, and we're on the upper end of that. You're going to be increasing our installed base, which obviously, we're seeing an additional 30% of install base by 2025, which then gives us a good outlook for services as well going forward.
David Anderson: Absolutely, that's a great point, Lorenzo. Lorenzo, on a different subject. I was curious your views on offshore today. Are you starting to feel a little bit better about offshore? You've been kind of -- your outlook on offshore has been rather conservative. We saw a nice pickup of orders this quarter in OFE and Guyana and Australian. Now we're starting to see a lot more coming out of Brazil. It's more than trees, just of course, but I was just wondering if you could maybe just kind of talk about how you're seeing that developed. Are you more optimistic for maybe the second half of 22% as off-shore start to coming and playing a greater role. You had nice orders, but obviously we still kind of below where we normally should be.
Lorenzo Simonelli: Yeah, David. Clearly with the pricing where it is at the moment, there is some improvement. I'd say though it's still remains challenged than just when you look at the capacity that's still in the marketplace. And again, we don't see it going back to the levels of prior years still for another couple of years. So yes, there is some improvement in particular around the wellhead business, also on the services side, when you look at flexible pipes. As you look at trees and awards on trees, again, some modest improvement in '21 and additional growth in '22. But it's still difficult to see it achieving the historic levels and those being sustained.
David Anderson: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ian Macpherson with Piper Sandler.
Ian Macpherson: Thanks. Good morning.
Lorenzo Simonelli: Hi.
Ian Macpherson: Hey, Lorenzo, back to your strategic options for IET versus OFSC, do you view the OFSC side as still overly complex competitively? Do you think that M&A is a key consideration in terms of improving market structure that needs to happen in -- on the mature side of the business? Do potential M&A synergies factor in to your calculus there, or are you really thinking more about optimizing value kind of an independent basis excluding market structure?
Lorenzo Simonelli: As you look at the marketplace, clearly there's some big players, and we're really focusing on the optimization, improving the margin rates, and really the operational improvements within our upstream business. And as you look at some tailwinds, clearly demand is increasing and we do expect to get back up to 2019 demand level. So we'll continue to evaluate the prospects on each of the businesses. And again, it's more a margin focuses, as we said before, for the OFSC business.
Ian Macpherson: Okay. And then either Lorenzo or Brian, I was going to ask a follow-up on the near-term outlook for orders in TPS. Just thinking, reconciling your full-year guidance for this year for orders to be fairly similar to last year, and yet you could have -- sounds like you could have materially more big LNG quarters in Q4 versus essentially none in Q3, which seems like that could tilt the scales to a positive year-on-year comp. Am I thinking about that correctly or are there other pieces below the surface that would iron that out?
Lorenzo Simonelli: Yeah, Ian, and just as you correctly state, we didn't book any LNG orders in third quarter. And as you know, there's a bit of lumpiness when it comes to LNG, their large-scale orders. And we do expect to book 1 or 2 additional awards in the fourth quarter. Base on the current discussions we're having with customers and also some of the seasonality, as you look at TPS orders, we're likely be modestly up sequentially and flat year-over-year for the fourth quarter in 2021. And then as you go into 2022, again, we stated before, we expect double-digit order growth led by the LNG opportunities. And there is some timing elements there, but feel very good about the 2022 double-digit orders expectation.
Ian Macpherson: Indeed. And I -- did I hear correctly you said that up to 10% of that could be for the new energy pieces next year verses a very low comp this year?
Lorenzo Simonelli: No, not next year. It's as you look out to the next 3 to 4 years.
Ian Macpherson: Okay. Thanks for clarifying that.
Brian Worrell: Yeah, we said about 100 to 200 for the new energy next year.
Ian Macpherson: Thanks for fixed me on that. Appreciate it.
Brian Worrell: Yes.
Operator: Our next question comes from Marc Bianchi with Cowen.
Marc Bianchi : Thanks. I wanted to start maybe on a higher-level question as it relates to the and IET division that you're talking about. There is some others in the business that are talking about integrating Subsea production systems and carbon capture offshore. I'm curious if that -- how you see that opportunity and if that could perhaps become a limiting factor to eventually separating those businesses?
Lorenzo Simonelli: Yeah, Marc, as we mentioned before, we see synergies that exist between the Oilfield Services equipment as well as the industrial energy technology. We're retaining the full product companies and in fact, we have synergies across the capabilities of CCUS. As you know, from a drilling perspective, also from a storage reservoir understanding, as well as in the capture from the compression side. So we continue to look at it from a holistic basis as those opportunities arise.
Brian Worrell: Mark, I would say I don't think how the businesses worked together limit optionality in the long run. I mean, we've got tons of examples of partnerships across the industry today. So again, we're going to be really focused on margins and cash and returns and the upstream business and IT, its growth, taking advantage of what's going on in the new energy space. And again, we'll look at overall shareholder return as we think about structure over the long term. But where these businesses naturally work together, I don't think that's a hindrance to any structure going forward. And in fact, I think it could help in multiple structures.
Marc Bianchi : Yes. Okay. Thanks, Brian. And Brian, on the share repurchase case, so about a 100 million in the third quarter but you didn't start, you didn't have a full quarter of having a program in place. Just curious when you actually started that in the third quarter, and if that would be reflective type of buyback versus what we could see going forward.
Brian Worrell: Look, we started up in September with the program and -- look if -- have continued to be active. And listen, our goal here is to continue to be in the market and from a capital allocation standpoint, we would like the dividend, we like the pace of buyback we've generated quite a bit of free cash flow and have excess cash to deploy in that space. And we still have capital to deploy and the tuck-in M&A, and technologies that we talked about here. So from a buyback standpoint we'll continue to be in the market and look, we'll also be opportunistic if things change and we have an opportunity to do more. So that's the thing I like about our free cash flow capabilities. It gives us some optionality here to continue to drive returns and we'll do that.
Marc Bianchi : Great. Thanks so much.
Lorenzo Simonelli: All right. I think --
Operator: Sorry. Go ahead.
Lorenzo Simonelli: No. I was just going to say I think that concludes the call. So I just wanted to thank everyone for joining the earnings call today and just leave you with a couple of thoughts. We're really pleased with the way the teams executed and continue to execute on our strategy over the course of the third quarter. While we had some mixed results across OFS and DS, we're pleased with the strong operating and orders performance at TPS and a solid quarter of free cash flow. Looking ahead, we see a multiyear cycle in the OFS business and a multiyear growth cycle for TPS led by LNG and new energy initiatives. So we're going to continue to execute our strategy through the 3 pillars of transform the core, invest for growth, and position for new frontiers. And as I mentioned, the way we're thinking about the Company and our broader long-term strategy is evolving, we are starting to view our Company in the two broad business areas of Oilfield Services & Equipment and Industrial Energy Technology. We feel Baker Hughes is uniquely positioned in the coming years to evolve with the energy markets and grow in the industrial space while maintaining a prioritization on free cash flow, returns above our cost of capital, and returning capital to shareholders. So thanks for taking the time and look forward to speaking to you again. And Operator, you may close the call.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's presentation. You may now disconnect and have a wonderful day.

===== 2021 Q2  (2021-07-21 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Baker Hughes Company Second Quarter 2021 Earnings Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder this conference call is being recorded.  I would now like to introduce your host for today's conference, Mr. Jud Bailey, Vice President of Investor Relations. Sir, you may begin.
Jud Bailey: Thank you. Good morning everyone, and welcome to the Baker Hughes second quarter 2021 earnings conference call. Here with me are our Chairman and CEO, Lorenzo Simonelli; and our CFO, Brian Worrell. The earnings release we issued earlier today can be found on our website at bakerhughes.com. As a reminder, during the course of this conference call, we will provide forward-looking statements. These statements are not guarantees of future performance and involve a number of risks and assumptions. Please review our SEC filings and website for a discussion of the factors that could cause actual results to differ materially. As you know, reconciliations of operating income and other GAAP to non-GAAP measures can be found in our earnings release. With that, I will turn the call over to Lorenzo.
Lorenzo Simonelli: Thank you, Jud. Good morning everyone and thanks for joining us. During the second quarter, we generated strong free cash flow, booked several key awards, and took a number of positive steps in our journey to grow our new energy businesses. At a product company level, TPS, once again, delivered solid orders and operating income, while OFE booked a solid orders quarter and OFS continued to improve margins. As we look to the second half of 2021 and into 2022, we see continued signs of global economic recovery that should drive further demand growth for oil and natural gas. Although, we recognize the risks presented by the variant strains of the COVID-19 virus, we believe that the oil price environment looks constructive, with demand recovering and operators largely maintaining spending discipline. In the natural gas and LNG markets, fundamentals are equally as strong, if not better than oil, as a combination of outages and strong demand in Asia, Latin America, and Europe have driven third quarter LNG prices to levels not seen since 2015. Although, hot weather in Europe and the U.S. has contributed to solid demand improvement and lower gas storage levels, structural growth continues unabated in Asia, with Chinese LNG imports up almost 30% in the first half of 2021 versus the first half of 2020. Given the strong pace of current growth and the increasing demand for cleaner sources of energy, we maintain our positive long-term outlook for natural gas and LNG. Outside of traditional oil and gas, the momentum for cleaner energy projects continues to increase around the world. In the U.S., Europe and Asia, various projects around wind, solar, and green and blue hydrogen are moving forward, as well as a number of carbon capture projects. For example, so far this year there have been 21 CCUS projects announced and in the early stages of development compared to 19 CCUS projects announced in 2020. During the second quarter, we continued to build on a key pillar of our strategy to position for some of these new energy frontiers. Our team has moved quickly and decisively in selected areas to establish relationships and build a strong foundation for future commercial success. Our approach has been one of collaboration and flexibility, which is reflected in the number of agreements we reached in the second quarter, ranging from early stage partnerships and MOUs to more immediate investments, commercial agreements, and tangible orders for Baker Hughes. Most recently, we announced a collaboration with Samsung Engineering for low to zero-carbon projects utilizing hydrogen and CCUS technologies. As part of the collaboration, we will work with Samsung Engineering to identify joint business development opportunities for Korean energy and industrial customers, domestically and abroad, to help reduce their emissions. Baker Hughes will look to deploy compression and NovaLT gas turbine technology, as well as flexible pipes for transportation in hydrogen. In CCUS, we will be providing reservoir studies, well construction services, flexible pipes, condition monitoring solutions, and certain auxiliary solutions, such as carbon dioxide compression and liquefaction for key industrial assets. Another example of our early-stage partnerships is the collaboration agreement we reached with Bloom Energy on the potential commercialization and deployment of integrated, low-carbon power generation and hydrogen solutions. This partnership will allow Baker Hughes to work with Bloom Energy across a number of areas, including integrated power solutions, integrated hydrogen solutions and other technical collaborations. Bloom Energy is a leading clean energy player with solid oxide fuel cell technology in natural gas and hydrogen and a growing electrolyzer presence. Through this agreement, we will gain further insights into fuel cell and electrolyzer technologies, where Bloom has key offerings today, and explore how we can integrate and utilize our world-class gas turbine and compression technology alongside these solutions. We were also very pleased to announce an MOU with Borg CO2, a Norwegian carbon capture and storage developer, to collaborate on a CCS project to serve as a hub for the decarbonization of industrial sites in the Viken region of Norway. Borgs industrial cluster approach provides a great opportunity for Baker Hughes to test and scale our wide ranging CCUS portfolio, including our Chilled Ammonia Process and our Compact Carbon Capture solution. This builds on our MOU with Horisont Energi for the Polaris carbon storage project in Norway announced last quarter. During the quarter, we also announced a 15% investment in Electrochaea to expand Baker Hughes' CCUS portfolio with power-to-gas and energy storage solutions. Baker Hughes will combine its post-combustion carbon capture technology with Electrochaea's bio-methanation technology to transform CO2 emissions into synthetic natural gas, a low-carbon fuel capable of being used across multiple industries. Lastly, during the second quarter we were extremely pleased to finalize our collaboration with Air Products, a global leader in hydrogen, to develop next-generation hydrogen compression and accelerate the adoption of hydrogen as a zero-carbon fuel. As part of the collaboration, Baker Hughes will provide Air Products with advanced hydrogen compression and gas turbine technology for global projects. This includes NovaLT 16 gas turbines and compression equipment for their net-zero hydrogen energy complex in Alberta, Canada. We will also provide advanced compression technology, using our high pressure ratio compressors for the NEOM carbon-free hydrogen project in Saudi Arabia. Through these two projects with Air Products, Baker Hughes will provide equipment on the worlds largest blue and green hydrogen projects. As you can see from all of these recent announcements, we feel confident in the momentum we are building in both the CCUS and hydrogen spaces, and believe that we have a differentiated technology offering that positions us as a leader in these areas. Now, I will give you an update on each of our segments. In Oilfield Services, increases in activity levels became more broad-based during the second quarter and the outlook for the second half of the year continues to improve. Internationally, we have seen a pick up in activity across multiple regions over the last few months, including Latin America, Southeast Asia, and the North Sea. Looking at the second half of the year, we expect stronger growth across a broader range of markets, most notably in the Middle East and Russia. Based on discussions with our customers, we expect international activity to gain momentum over the second half of the year and lay the foundation for growth in 2022. In North America, strong second quarter growth was evenly distributed between our onshore and offshore business lines. Given the strength in oil prices and bid activity, we expect to see additional growth over the second half of the year. While we expect to capitalize on the growing improvement in global activity levels, we are committed to being disciplined through this up-cycle, with a focus on profitability and returns. This includes maintaining focus on our various cost reduction and operating efficiency initiatives, as well as navigating the inflation in supply chain costs, a situation that our team is managing well. As a result, OFS remains on track to achieve our goal of 20% EBITDA margins in the medium term. Moving to TPS. The outlook continues to improve, driven by opportunities in LNG, onshore/offshore production, pumps and valves, and new energy initiatives. While the order outlook for TPS in 2021 should be roughly consistent with 2020, we are growing increasingly confident that a multiyear growth opportunity will begin to emerge in 2022. Underpinning this framework is the strength that is developing in multiple parts of the TPS portfolio and the diversification of the business, which has commercial offerings in several end markets with high growth opportunities. In LNG, we booked two awards during the second quarter with gas turbines and compressors for Train 7 at Nigeria LNG and liquefaction equipment for New Fortress Energys first FAST LNG project. Following these two orders, we still expect one or two more LNG awards in 2021 and see a strong pipeline of opportunities that should produce a step-up in LNG activity in 2022 and beyond. For the non-LNG segments of our TPS portfolio, we were pleased to book awards in the Middle East and Asia-Pacific in our Refinery and Pipeline and Gas Processing segments. TPS also secured a key industrial win with our NovaLT 12-megawatt gas turbine technology in the Middle East for a combined heat and power application. We continue to see our NovaLT range of gas turbines gain further traction for lower megawatt industrial applications. For TPS Services, we are beginning to see real signs of recovery and remain optimistic about the outlook for 2021 and 2022. In the second quarter, we experienced strong growth in service orders, which grew year-over-year due to the significant upgrade awards across multiple regions and for various applications including pipeline, offshore, and solutions to support customers' operational decarbonization efforts. We also saw further improvements in transactional service orders as customers continued to increase spending. In our contractual services business, TPS maintained strategic long-term relationships with LNG customers, achieving a major milestone by securing a six-year services contract extension in North America for a key producer, building on the success we saw in the first quarter. Our TPS Services RPO now stands at close to $14.1 billion, which is up almost 10% year-over-year. Next, on Oilfield Equipment, we remain focused on rightsizing the business, improving profitability, and optimizing the portfolio in the face of what remains a challenged long-term offshore outlook. While Brent prices are near $70 and FID activity is beginning to pick up, we continue to expect only a modest improvement in industry subsea tree awards in 2021, followed by some additional growth in 2022. However, we continue to believe that it will be difficult to achieve and sustain 2019 order levels in the coming years, as the deepwater market becomes increasingly concentrated into low cost basins and upstream spending budgets for many larger operators are reallocated to other areas. However, one deepwater area that we expect to benefit from this environment is Brazil, where the pre-salt reserves are viewed as attractive by a number of IOCs. This quarter, our Flexibles business signed an important frame agreement with Petrobras for a number of pre-and-post-salt fields offshore Brazil. In the first half of 2021 and including the two contracts we were awarded in the first quarter, Petrobras has contracted Baker Hughes to provide up to 370 kilometers of flexible pipe. This is larger than the volume of flexible pipe awarded by Petrobras to Baker Hughes in 2019 and 2020 combined. Finally, in Digital Solutions, we were pleased to see orders continue to recover, despite a challenging operating quarter. Year-over-year growth in orders was led by strong performances in our industrial and transportation end markets. We saw continued traction in industrial end markets in the second quarter, which represented over 30% of DS second quarter orders, as we continue to grow our presence in this key area. During the quarter, DS continued to expand its industrial asset management presence with a number of wins across multiple end markets. Bently Nevada secured a contract with a large corrugated paper manufacturing company for its condition monitoring and protection solutions to optimize production and reduce maintenance costs. We were also pleased to see the recently acquired ARMS Reliability business secure some industrial asset management orders during the quarter, including a subscription for its OnePM software to be deployed by a global chemicals customer with initial rollout in China and Chile. The deal will include software and consulting services to develop the customer's equipment reliability strategy library, driving the deployment of best-in-class asset reliability strategies and real-time alignment for its assets. We are also having success integrating some of our emissions management solutions with our Bently Nevada business. This quarter, DS secured a Flare.IQ contract with bp, marking the first time Flare.IQ will be used in upstream oil and gas. This contract builds on our partnership with bp to measure and reduce their emissions across their global flaring operations. Flare.IQ will be embedded into bps existing System 1 condition monitoring software from Bently Nevada, requiring no additional hardware for the customer. Before I turn the call over to Brian, I would like to spend a few moments highlighting some of the achievements from our Corporate Responsibility Report that was published at the end of the second quarter. This report provides an expanded view of our environmental, social, and governance performance and outlines our corporate strategy and commitments for a sustainable energy future. For 2020, we achieved several notable milestones in our CR Report. First, we continued to advance our reporting around sustainability and climate related disclosures. This year, we included new reporting frameworks from the Sustainability Accounting Standards Board and the Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures. Second, we again lowered our emissions footprint and expanded our emissions reporting. We achieved a 15% reduction in our Scope 1 and 2 carbon emissions compared to 2019, and we reset our base year from 2012 to 2019 to account for corporate changes in line with the greenhouse gas protocol. Importantly, we also expanded our reporting of Scope 3 emissions to include new categories. And third, we made significant improvements in HSE performance and engagement during 2020. We increased our number of perfect HSE days to 200, reduced our total recordable incident rate by 18%, and conducted more than 1 million HSE observations and leadership engagements globally. Overall, Baker Hughes is successfully executing on its vision to become an energy technology company and to take energy forward, making it safer, cleaner, and more efficient for people and the planet. Our Corporate Responsibility Report demonstrates our progress in many of these areas, while our second quarter results illustrate our progress towards our financial and strategic priorities. We believe that Baker Hughes is uniquely positioned in the coming years to deliver sector leading free cash flow conversion, while also building one of the most compelling energy transition growth stories. We will also continue to evaluate our portfolio in order to drive the best financial returns and create the most value for shareholders as the energy markets evolve. With that, I will turn the call over to Brian.
Brian Worrell: Thanks, Lorenzo. I will begin with the total company results and then move into the segment details. Orders for the quarter were $5.1 billion, up 12% sequentially driven by OFE, OFS, and TPS, partially offset by a decrease in Digital Solutions. Year-over-year, orders were up 4%, driven by increases in TPS and Digital Solutions, partially offset by decreases in OFE and OFS. Remaining Performance Obligation was $23.8 billion, up 3% sequentially. Equipment RPO ended at $7.6 billion, up 1% sequentially and services RPO ended at $16.2 billion, up 3% sequentially. Our total company book-to-bill ratio in the quarter was 1.0 and our equipment book-to-bill in the quarter was 0.9. Revenue for the quarter was $5.1 billion, up 8% sequentially, with increases in all four segments. Year-over-year, revenue was up 9%, driven by increases in TPS and DS, partially offset by decreases in OFE and OFS. Operating income for the quarter was $194 million. Adjusted operating income was $333 million, which excludes $139 million of restructuring, separation, and other charges. The restructuring charges in the second quarter primarily relate to projects previously announced in 2020. We expect to see restructuring and separation charges taper off through the second half of the year. Adjusted operating income was up 23% sequentially and $229 million year-over-year. Our adjusted operating income rate for the quarter was 6.5%, up 80 basis points sequentially. Year-over-year, our adjusted operating income rate was up 430 basis points. Adjusted EBITDA in the quarter was $611 million, which excludes $139 million of restructuring, separation, and other charges. Adjusted EBITDA was up 9% sequentially and up 38% year-over-year. Corporate costs were $111 million in the quarter. For the third quarter, we expect corporate costs to be slightly down compared to second quarter levels. Depreciation and amortization expense was $278 million in the quarter. For the third quarter, we expect D&A to be roughly flat sequentially. Net interest expense was $65 million. Net interest expense was down $9 million sequentially, primarily driven by one-time interest on tax credits. Also slightly reducing interest expense in the second quarter was the repayment of our U.K. short dated commercial paper facility. For the third quarter, we expect interest expense to be roughly in line with first quarter levels. Income tax expense in the quarter was $143 million. GAAP loss per share was $0.08. Included in GAAP loss per share is a non-recurring charge for a loss contingency related to certain tax matters. Also included are losses from the net change in fair value of our investment in C3.AI. These charges are recorded in other non-operating income. Adjusted earnings per share were $0.10. Turning to the cash flow statement. Free cash flow in the quarter was $385 million. Free cash flow for the second quarter includes $62 million of cash payments related to restructuring and separation activities. We are, again, particularly pleased with our free cash flow performance in the second quarter following the strength we saw in the first quarter. We have worked hard to improve our billing and cash collection process and have also updated the companys incentive structure with an increased focus on free cash flow, and we are pleased to see the performance so far this year. We have now generated $883 million of free cash flow in the first half of the year, which includes $170 million of cash restructuring and separation related payments. For the total year, we believe that our free cash conversion from adjusted EBITDA should be around 50%, given the capital efficiency of our portfolio and the winding down of the restructuring and separation costs. Now, I will walk you through the segment results in more detail and give you our thoughts on the outlook going forward. In Oilfield Services, the team delivered a good quarter in an improving market environment. OFS revenue in the quarter was $2.4 billion, up 7% sequentially. International revenue was up 6% sequentially, led by increases in Asia-Pacific, Europe, and Latin America. North American revenue increased 11%, with solid growth in both our U.S. land and offshore businesses. Operating income was $171 million, up 20% sequentially, and margin rate expanded 80 basis points to 7.3% due to higher volume and lower depreciation. While we continued to execute on our cost out program in the second quarter, this was partially offset by mix and cost inflation in some areas. Although, we have moved quickly to pass inflation on to our customers, there is a timing lag relative to the increase in costs. As we look ahead to the third quarter, we expect to see strong sequential improvement in international activity and continued improvement in North America. As a result, we expect sequential revenue growth for OFS in the third quarter to be similar to the second quarter. On the margin side, we expect the sequential increase in operating margin rate to solidly exceed the improvement in the second quarter due to more favorable mix and better cost recovery. For the full year 2021, our industry outlook remains largely intact, with second half activity in North America modestly better than previously expected. Overall, we still expect our OFS revenue to be down slightly year-over-year, with North American revenues roughly flat and international revenue down mid single digits. On the margin side, we continue to expect strong growth in operating income and margin rates on a year-over-year basis. Moving to Oilfield Equipment. Orders in the quarter were $681 million, down 3% year-over-year and up 97% sequentially. Strong year-over-year growth in Subsea Services and Flexibles orders was offset by declines in SPC Projects and Subsea Production Systems. The sequential improvement in orders was driven by an increase in orders in SPS, along with several orders in Flexibles outside of Brazil. Revenue was $637 million, down 8% year-over-year, primarily driven by declines in Subsea Drilling Systems, and the disposition of SPC Flow, partially offset by growth in Flexibles. Operating income was $28 million, which is up $42 million year-over-year. This was driven by increased volumes in Flexibles, as well as productivity from our cost out programs. For the third quarter, we expect revenue to decrease sequentially driven by lower SPS and Flexibles backlog conversion. We expect operating margin rate in the low single digits. For the full year 2021, we believe the offshore markets will remain challenged, as operators reassess their portfolios and project selection. We expect OFE revenue to be down double-digits on a year-over-year basis due to the lower order intake in 2020 and a likely continuation of a lower order environment in 2021. Although, revenue is likely to be down in 2021, we expect to generate positive operating income as our cost out efforts should continue to offset the decline in volumes. Next, I will cover Turbomachinery. The team delivered another strong quarter with solid execution. Orders in the quarter were $1.5 billion, up 15% year-over-year. Equipment orders were up 8% year-over-year. As Lorenzo mentioned, orders this quarter were supported by LNG awards for Nigeria LNG Train 7 and for New Fortress Energys FAST LNG project. We were also pleased to book a number of non-LNG awards, specifically in our Refinery and Petrochemical, and Industrial segments. Service orders in the quarter were up 20% year-over-year and up 15% sequentially, primarily driven by increases in upgrades and transactional services. Revenue for the quarter was $1.6 billion, up 40% versus the prior year. Equipment revenue was up almost 90% year-over-year, as we continue to execute on our LNG and onshore/offshore production backlog. Services revenue was up 14% versus the prior year. Operating income for TPS was $220 million, up 48% year-over-year, driven by higher volume and continued execution on cost productivity, partially offset by a higher equipment mix. Operating margin was 13.5%, up 70 basis points year-over-year. We continue to be very pleased with the TPS margin rate improvement, particularly as our equipment revenue mix has increased from 36% to 48% year-over-year. For the third quarter, we expect revenue to increase modestly on a sequential basis based on expected equipment backlog conversion. With this revenue outlook, we expect TPS margin rates to improve modestly on a sequential basis. For the full year 2021, we expect TPS to generate strong double-digit year-over-year revenue growth, driven by equipment backlog conversion and growth in TPS Services. Despite a higher mix of equipment revenue, we now expect TPS margin rates to slightly improve year-over-year. Finally, in Digital Solutions, orders for the quarter were $540 million, up 16% year-over-year. We saw strong growth in orders in industrial and transportation, offset by declines in power. Sequentially, orders were down 2% driven by declines in power and oil and gas, partially offset by improvements in transportation and industrial. Revenue for the quarter was $520 million, up 11% year-over-year, primarily driven by higher volumes in PPS and Waygate, offset by lower volume in Nexus Controls. Sequentially, revenue was up 11%, driven by a higher order intake in the first quarter of 2021. Operating income for the quarter was $25 million, down 39% year-over-year, largely driven by costs related to a legacy software contract that we do not expect to repeat. Sequentially, operating income was up 3% driven by higher volume. For the third quarter, we expect to see strong sequential revenue growth and operating margin rates back into the high single digits. For the full year 2021, we still expect modest growth in revenue on a year-over-year basis, primarily driven by a recovery in industrial end markets. With lower margins in the first half of the year and higher volumes over the second half, we expect DS margin rates to be in the high single digits on a full year basis. Overall, we delivered a solid quarter and continued strong free cash flow. While we faced challenges in our DS business, we are confident in our ability to execute as the rest of the year unfolds. With that, I will turn the call back over to Jud.
Jud Bailey: Thanks, Brian. Operator, let's open the call for questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Chase Mulvehill with Bank of America.
Chase Mulvehill: Hey, good morning. Lorenzo, early in your prepared remarks, you talked about a looming new order growth cycle in the TPS segment that you get underway next year. Could you maybe just take a minute and provide some details around kind of really what's driving this revised, more positive outlook for TPS, as we get into next year?
Lorenzo Simonelli: Yeah. Definitely, Chase. And then as you mentioned, for TPS, we see several avenues of growth developing as we go forward. And really it's for a prolonged growth cycle of orders and EBITDA. As you look at the near term to medium term, it's really going to be LNG and the orders that we've seen, you can also see the small awards we book this year. We still see some other, maybe one or two small projects being awarded this year. But as we go forward, the next two to three years, we see a step-up in LNG order opportunity has been highlighted by the increasing demand and also what we announced previously for the long-term outlook of LNG out to 2030. Then, as you go longer term, also the next five to 10 years, we expect to see significant growth around our energy transition initiatives, most notably hydrogen CCUS, but also in areas like valves, integrated power as the clean energy ecosystem continues to evolve. And I think if you look at recent announcements with our product that was given, we see some near term opportunities for hydrogen, and those will actually be additional awards over the course of the next two to four years as a fast way, but continuing through the rest of the decade. And CCUS, you looked at our announcement with Borg and Horisont Energi, and we're in a number of active collaborations with our customers across several geographies of increasing opportunities around CCUS. And lastly, our Service business, it's got solid growth potential for the next 10 years. When you look at the installed base, as well as the upgrade opportunities, I think, with LNG growing about -- our installed base drove by about 30% by 2025 with the increasing tonnage of LNG. And then you look also going forward with what we announced our TPS Services RPO now standing at $14.1 billion, which is up from $13 billion a year ago, so good signs of continued growth on the services side.
Chase Mulvehill: Awesome. Awesome. Appreciate the additional color there. Seems like the TPS has got a nice future ahead of it. Maybe if I can transition in over to buybacks and ask Brian about buybacks. In our numbers you have in excess of $1.3 billion of free cash flow after dividend through the end of next year. Your net debt to EBITDA is going to be sub one at the end of next quarter. So, Brian, I kind of asked you the question, why not do a buyback to help partially offset the continued drag on your stock from GE continuing to kind of selldown their stake?
Brian Worrell: Yeah. Hi, Chase. Yeah. Look, we are pleased with our free cash flow generation this year and the outlook going forward. As I mentioned, the teams have done a great job in changing a lot of processes. And so, look, our view really on capital allocation hasn't really changed. But as you pointed out, the pace of our free cash flow is improving, particularly as restructuring is winding down over the rest of this year. So that's a big capital allocation action that won't be repeating there. So, it leaves us, I think, in a position to have quite a bit more optionality. We're primarily focused on investing in areas where we see the ability to grow offerings and new frontiers like energy transition and digital, as well as some interesting places in industrial technologies. And you've seen some of those examples, like C3.AI, compact carbon capture, and more recently, ARMS Reliability. And look, I'd say, beyond some small scale acquisitions and investments in some of the new energy frontiers, share repurchases can certainly be an attractive piece of the capital allocation portfolio view and the pace that we're generating free cash flow certainly gives us more optionality to evaluate that and continue to look at ways to return -- value to shareholders. So, look, we will keep you guys updated as we're evaluating that. And it's good to have this flexibility.
Chase Mulvehill: All right. Thanks, Brian. Look forward to hear more about that. I'll turn it back over.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from James West with Evercore ISI.
James West: Hey. Good morning, Lorenzo, Brian and Jud.
Lorenzo Simonelli: Hi, James.
Brian Worrell: Hi, James.
James West: So, Lorenzo, you highlighted it a couple of times in your prepared comments and also to the last question, but the service orders for TPS up nicely year-over-year. Could you maybe expand a bit more on that, what that means for the margin profile of that business, what that's signaling for the future of TPS? And I agree with what Chase -- the commentary has made, that there's a bright future here, and really want to kind of understand exactly what we're looking at.
Lorenzo Simonelli: Yeah. James, so, I'll start off with the outlook on the activity side, and then I'll let Brian jump in on the margin side, because we're definitely seeing improvements across the whole TPS service business. And it's really driven by some of the positive macro backdrop. Some of the improving outlook we're seeing with customers reengaging with us on service equipment across our installed base, following 2020, there was disrupted, of course. And now we're seeing strong growth in upgrades, with recovery across regions and various applications, pipeline, offshore, solutions also to support our customers on the operational decarbonization efforts with the upgrades that we can provide them. And you saw that double-digit growth in transactional services in the quarter as customers are returning to normalize spending levels. And also, we've got a solid CSA revenue stream that's been resilient. So, overall, we think we could be reasonably back closer to a 2019 type level in 2022, with the continued upgrade and transactional activity continuing strongly as we go forward.
Brian Worrell: Yeah. And James, on the margin front, I'd say, it's certainly a positive backdrop as service grows for TPS overall. And Rod and the team are doing a great job in driving productivity in the services portfolio. And as Lorenzo mentioned the installed base is growing particularly in LNG. So, I think that is all a pretty positive backdrop for what the business can deliver.
James West: Sure. Sure. Right. Okay. Well, you guys made a lot of moves in new energies this quarter. You have been doing that for several years now, revisiting the portfolio. One of the things that caught my eye that we haven't really discussed is the Electrochaea investment, the CCUS plus bio-methane technologies. I'd love to hear a bit more about that. And what the outlook -- what the investment is, what the outlook is? What's going on with that transaction?
Lorenzo Simonelli: Yeah. James, I think it's part of our strategy, as we said, to develop our portfolio for energy transition. And we're very pleased with the Electrochaea investment, a 15% investment, which really allows us to expand our whole portfolio around power-to-gas and energy storage solutions. We'll have a seat on the board of Electrochaea. And we're really going to combine our post-combustion carbon capture technology with Electrochaea bio-methanation technology to transform CO2 emissions into synthetic natural gas. And this is maybe an area that we haven't discussed much before, but we really see synthetic natural gas as being applicable to multiple industries. And Electrochaea's technology allows CO2 recycling into grid quality, low-carbon synthetic natural gas, which helps to drive decarbonization and hub for base sectors such as transportation and heating. So, it's going to be a great task, suite of our capability that we're providing. And again, we see this being applicable to power and industrial plants and again, it's increasing our portfolio of applications.
James West: Got it. Thanks, Lorenzo. Thanks, Brian.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Scott Gruber with Citigroup.
Scott Gruber: Yes. Good morning.
Brian Worrell: Hey, Scott.
Lorenzo Simonelli: Good morning, Scott.
Scott Gruber: Brian, one for you on inflation. You mentioned that you're pushing through price increases to offset inflation. There are a couple of questions. One, are customers feeling -- willing to accept the price increases across the portfolio? Are there some puts and takes we should be thinking about? And B, based upon the time lag, when the price increases catch up with inflation that we've seen thus far.
Brian Worrell: Yeah. Scott, look, I'd love to tell you that customers -- all customers say, yeah, sure, go ahead and pass on price increases. But look, they clearly understand what's going on in the commodity markets. We have some contractual arrangements that allow us to pass those along and we're having discussions in places where it's not so clear. And look, we have seen some traction there and started to see some pricing power come back across the portfolio, not everywhere, but we're certainly seeing that capability. We did get some price in the second quarter, but as I'd mentioned, it takes a little while longer for some of that to kick-in versus the inputs that are coming in. So, look, I'd say over the course of this year, we'll continue to push that and try to make sure that the price increases are offsetting as much of the inflation as possible. The one thing I would point out too, is that, look, we've got a global supply chain. We've got pretty good contractual arrangements in place. And it's been working with our suppliers as we started to see this coming through to mute some of the impact. This year, obviously, we have some hedges in place as well, and look, really focused on looking at 2022 and making sure we're securing things for next year as well. So, I'd say, it's great collaboration with the sourcing and the commercial teams in working through this, but feel good about the actions that we've taken.
Scott Gruber: Got it. And then, based upon your efforts there and your activity outlook, how you're thinking about the timing of when you could get back to the 20% EBITDA margin in OFS?
Brian Worrell: Yeah. Look, I -- listen, Maria Claudia and the team are continuing to do a great job in executing on all the restructuring and cost out and transformation initiatives that the team has been driving there. And you've seen that come through in the results here in the first half with the margin rate improvements that the team has posted. They're working hard to offset some of this inflation, like we talked about here. I'd say, with the backdrop we see in volume for the second half of this year into 2022, I could certainly see us hitting that 20% rate sometime next year in any given quarter and be really well set up, as we execute in 2022 and exit the year. But I think that the team is doing a really good job of managing cost and driving productivity. And I think, we're still on a really good trajectory here.
Scott Gruber: Got it. Appreciate it. Brian, thank you.
Brian Worrell: All right. Great. Thanks, Scott.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from David Anderson with Barclays.
David Anderson: Hey, good morning. It's sort of follow-up on Scott's question there, on that 20% margin. So, maybe not timing, but maybe how do you get there? I mean, is it pricing you're talking about operating leverage, or is there a component of mix here is required to get to that 20%? You've talked about a couple of integrated drilling and well services contracts, which I assume are more accretive than traditional services. So, is that another component of care, maybe just kind of talk about that mix of what that has to do? What do we have to see to get to that 20%?
Brian Worrell: Yeah. David, look, we're not counting on a significant mix shift to be able to deliver that level of margin, sure. If some of the product lines that have higher margin rates get more tailwinds that will certainly help, but we've taken the approach of driving improvement across the entire business. We've done a lot around remote operations. We've multi-skilled the workforce to be able to deploy them in different ways, and more effectively, we've made massive changes inside the supply chain and in our service shops. And you've seen us take a lot of costs out with the restructuring and so a lot of those process improvements and cost out are going to continue. And that's really what's going to drive the margin rate. The actions have already been launched. And the team is certainly executing on those. Now, the pricing that we were talking about here is really to offset some of the inflation that we're seeing. So, we're not counting on any pricing increases to drive that margin improvement. But if we can get those pricing increases to stick and hold inflation levels down, I think that could provide some upside. So, it's been a fundamental change in how that business is operating, how Maria Claudia and the team are leading it, and how we're allocating capital. And that's really what's driving the improvement here, and we're making it fundamental and long-lasting.
David Anderson: Great. Thanks for the insight there, Brian. Kind of a different question. Lorenzo, sort of a bigger picture. We're starting to get more generalist investors back into the space here. People are starting to look and people starting to buy into, the cycle start to pickup. Now, Baker Hughes has a very different business portfolio of than your peers. So, I was just wondering, maybe you could just talk about kind of over the next two to three years, maybe helping people understand what parts of your business do you think are going to have more pronounced growth and margin expansion. Really, I guess, what I'm asking, what parts of the business do you expect outperform over the next two, three years as the cycle accelerates? I guess, I'm just sort of thinking about your four segments and how you sort of see them kind of progressing here.
Lorenzo Simonelli: Yeah. David, if you look at it from a macro picture, and again, you look to the response given on the TPS cycle, that's really taking place here with the opportunity of LNG in the next few years, also the energy transition opportunities. And in our last call, we mentioned the addressable market of hydrogen by 2040 being $25 billion to $30 billion and CCUS being $35 billion to $40 billion for Baker Hughes. So, clearly as you look at the macro picture, the long-term growth prospects of our TPS business look very solid. Also in the short-term, with the continued rebound in some of the upstream and also the production side, Oilfield Services continuing to perform well. So, short-term, you'll see that pickup and longer term the TPS business continues to have a good future.
David Anderson: Great. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Ian Macpherson with Piper Sandler.
Ian Macpherson: Thanks. Good morning.
Brian Worrell: Hi, Ian.
Ian Macpherson: Brian, you -- hi, good morning. Brian, you gave us the 50% free cash flow conversion from EBITDA for this year, and then that you are overcoming the cash restructuring charges headwind. But also on the other hand, year-to-date, you've had favorable working capital. So, when we net those out or try to normalize for those looking into next year, is 50% free cash flow conversion from EBITDA a sustainable area, or would you point higher or lower than that when we normalize working capital and remove -- substantially remove the cash restructuring items?
Brian Worrell: Yeah. Ian, as you know, it's really early to predict exactly what's going to happen next year. But what I would say is our goal, and what I think the capability of this portfolio is to generate free cash flow conversion at 50% level or higher. I think if you look at next year, probably the biggest variable that -- you probably know that you pointed out is really working capital, so as we're early in the cycle for OFS and the working capital intensity will really be driven by that pace of growth. And then, if I step back and look at some of the other factors for next year, look, we'd expect to see EBITDA continue to grow on higher revenues. And the continued focus around productivity, CapEx in absolute terms will be higher, but as a percent of revenue should be in the same range as it's been the last couple of years in that 3.5% to 4% range. Taxes will likely be higher, because of the refunds that we've gotten this year. And then, you pointed out restructuring and separation charges will go away. And so that's roughly $200 million, which should contribute to material improvement in free cash flow. So, that 50% level is certainly what this portfolio is capable of and we're going to keep driving it higher.
Ian Macpherson: Understood. Thanks, Brian. Lorenzo, I was going to ask a separate follow-up regarding portfolio optimization. I would imagine that we've seen some more OFS, smaller OFS mergers and transactions recently. And I wonder if the improvement in oilfield fundamentals has opened a window wider for further -- any further disposals within the OFS or OFE portfolio that might be more achievable now than they looked a few quarters ago.
Lorenzo Simonelli: Yeah. Ian, I think, our focus is on creating shareholder value and what's best for our shareholders longer term. So, we're running the company today, really to execute on the three pillars of our strategy, transform the core, invest for growth and also new frontiers. And we're going to be looking at margin accretion and continuing to allocate capital accordingly. I think as we look forward, it's going to require from an energy transition perspective, scale, brought an extensive customer reach and sizable R&D. So, technology spending going into that. We think our current footprint provides for that. I think when you look at overall, it's becoming apparent that the new growth -- energy growth opportunities in TPS are significant where -- when you look at the OFC business, it's a more of a mature business.
Ian Macpherson: Certainly. Well, I'll stay tuned to that. Thank you both for all the insights today.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Marc Bianchi with Cowen. 
Marc Bianchi: Thank you. I first want to ask about OFS, the outlook in 2022, there's -- one of your peers reported the other day and said that they expect mid-teens compound annual growth over 2022 and 2023. I'm just curious, how you're looking at that outlook. And what you think specifically in 2022?
Lorenzo Simonelli: Yeah. Just -- maybe let's start off with the international outlook. And again, we do see a solid step-up in growth internationally over the second half of the year. So far this year, we've seen strong recovery in Latin America and North Sea, Southeast Asia. The Middle East has somewhat lagged, but we expect incremental, stronger activity over the course of the second half and into 2022, as well as in Russia being bigger contributors to the second half as well. So, we've been somewhat more conservative in forecasting international activity. I think, you know, that it really depends on how some of the regions come back. Right now, we think growth in the second half of the year could be in the high single digits or low double-digits on a year-over-year basis. And we expect that momentum to continue into 2022, with solid growth opportunities. North America, we generally expect the rig count to continue to trend the level higher over the second half, maybe adding an additional 50 rigs also by the end of the year. So that would imply a modest improvement in the first quarter and fourth quarter. When you look at 2022, again, we anticipate solid growth with the prices holding at the range they are now. But similar to this year, we expect some of the privates to be active and at these prices, but some of the public E&Ps also will continue to be only increasing their spending mostly, if they continue to adjust some of their operating cash flow to some of the other areas of capital spending.
Marc Bianchi: Got it. Thanks for that Lorenzo. And shifting over to -- you have these two awards with Air Products and they've got very large projects that they're pursuing. But they don't come on stream until I guess neon is 25. And this thing in Canada, the blue hydrogen is 24. Do those projects need to be up and running for the flood gates to kind of open on these types of awards? Or could we see more from Air Products for Baker Hughes over the near-term?
Lorenzo Simonelli: I think it's fair to say that we're seeing a number of discussions with customers and partners continuing to gain momentum. It's great to have achieved the announcement with Air Products. And again, when you look at those orders combating, we expect it to be in the near-term. And I think that, again, as these projects start to get on the go, you'll see others also follow as well. So, we're focused on enabling the technology. And with Air Products, we're going to be on the largest blue and green hydrogen projects that are out there at the moment, providing our best technology.
Brian Worrell: Yeah. Marc, and I would just add, actually in terms of bid activity and inquiries with customers over the last six months, they're up 2X what we were seeing in the fourth quarter of last year. So, activity levels have definitely increased. I expect to continue to see that to increase. And look, exactly when they'll turn into orders, it's a bit tough to say right now, but there's a lot going on.
Marc Bianchi: Got it. Thanks very much guys.
Brian Worrell: Thanks Marc.
Lorenzo Simonelli: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Arun Jayaram with JP Morgan.
Arun Jayaram: Yeah. Good morning. Lorenzo, a number of announcements on the ET front during the quarter. I was wondering if you could maybe talk about some of the competitive in CCS, your views on Baker's position. And maybe just as a follow-up, could you talk a little bit about the scope of the Borg project? And how do these initial projects in CCS lineup? Could these be accretive to your margins, assuming good execution?
Lorenzo Simonelli: Yeah. Personally, I think -- I feel very good about the positioning that we're developing around CCUS. And if you look at it from a value chain perspective, we really go across the board of CCUS from the initial identification of where CO2 can be sequestered all the way to the transportation and also the compression capability. We've also developed multiple solutions for CCUS, you've seen in the past. We've got the Chilled Ammonia Process. We've got the mixed salt. We've also got compact carbon capture. So, we're providing the different solutions, because there's no one solution that's going to be for everybody. And like in LNG, we want to be able to provide capabilities for small, medium and large scale as they get undertaken. Specifically on Borg, the Borg MOU announcement allows us again to really play at the forefront of capturing and storing up to 650,000 tons of CO2 emissions annually. And they're going to be utilizing our technology to do that. And we're also going to be able to see an industrial cluster approach. That's a great opportunity for us, because we think those industrial clusters are going to continue to imagine elsewhere in the world as well. So, Norway is at the forefront there and we're at the forefront with both CO2 and also Norwegian and likes.
Arun Jayaram: Great. And just my follow-up is just on Digital. It sounds like just the margin miss -- this quarter is driven by a one-time legacy contract. And so, maybe you could outline, do you still feel good about trending towards perhaps get low double-digit margins as we go through the year on Digital?
Brian Worrell: Yeah. When we -- we do feel good about the volume recovery we're seeing in quite a few of the end markets, particularly on the industrial side of DS. And we were disappointed in the margin rate, which was really a function of project delays for this legacy software contract. And just to clarify, this legacy software contract goes back several years and isn't associated with our C3.AI partnership. And so, this resulted in some higher cost and not revenue here in the quarter. And that was the biggest driver. I will note there was a little bit of incremental costs we had in the R&D front in DS this quarter related to some strategic areas like the ARMS Reliability acquisition that we did earlier in the year. And some -- the acceleration of some work we were doing around emissions management. And I'd say, looking ahead into third and fourth quarters, I don't expect the overall level of costs in DS to be at the levels that you saw here and the second quarter. So, we do think the business is going to be back on track to generate higher margins, with the volume growth that we're seeing and cost levels back to lower levels to support those higher margin rates.
Arun Jayaram: Great. Thank you.
Brian Worrell: Thanks Arun.
Operator: Our next question comes from Stephen Gengaro with Stifel.
Stephen Gengaro: Thanks. Good morning, gentlemen.
Lorenzo Simonelli: Hi, Steve.
Brian Worrell: Hi, Steve.
Stephen Gengaro: I was curious, you've talked a lot about -- you've done a tremendous amount on the energy transition front. And I was curious, if you could talk more about the collaborative relationship you have with Bloom?
Lorenzo Simonelli: Sure, Stephen. We're very pleased to be collaborating with Bloom on a number of customer engagements, which really are going to come to the forefront of the course of the next two to three years on really looking at the way in which we can provide integrated power solutions and also the way in which we can provide integrated hydrogen solutions. So, I think you may know that Bloom Energy is a leading player in solid oxide fuel cells, and really it enables us to provide our technology of lightweight gas turbine technology within their proficient solid oxide fuel cells to really enable integrated power solutions for customers that are looking to be independent of the grid. We've got the NovaLT gas turbine. So, we're looking at opportunities of combining there. And then on the integrated hydrogen solutions, they've got increasing portfolio on electrolyzer cells that can produce a 100% clean hydrogen. And with our compression technology, we think we can provide a really efficient production and also transport of hydrogen and usage. Again, with our a 100% NovaLT gas turbines that can run on hydrogen and our compression capability. So, it's an evolving space there, and we think a lot of good opportunities as the energy transition continues.
Stephen Gengaro: Very good. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Connor Lynagh with Morgan Stanley.
Connor Lynagh: Yeah. Thank you. I was wondering, if you could just discuss some of the trends you're seeing in OFE, obviously nice inflection in orders in the quarter here. Based on that and what you're seeing right now, obviously, you're anticipating a step down in the third quarter, but would you say that the direction of travel beyond that seems to be higher? And I'm wondering, if you could just characterize the big end markets within that business?
Lorenzo Simonelli: Yeah. If you look at -- again, OFE and we've mentioned this before, we continue to see the outlook for the offshore segments challenged. We do expect modest improvement in the industry of awards during 2021 and some additional growth in 2022, but we still think it's going to be difficult from a tree perspective to get back to the 2019 order levels. We are seeing some strength on the composite Flexibles as you saw from the Petrobras frame agreement. Also some international [indiscernible] business, which is good and Subsea Services is coming back. But again, if you look at -- overall, I think it's a subdued growth trajectory for OFE.
Connor Lynagh: Understood. At the same time, you guys have obviously taken a lot of action on costs. So, is there a sort of target that we should think of similar to the 20% EBITDA margin target in OFS? How do you think this business's earnings power should be in this lower activity environment?
Brian Worrell: Yeah. Connor, OFE is done a great job in terms of taking cost out, restructuring their infrastructure to deal with the lower industry volume that we're seeing. I'd say just given the mix of the portfolio and where things are, we talked about the business at these volume levels being high single digits from an operating income rate standpoint. I think, if you roll forward, you see some incremental growth come in Flexibles, some other things beyond tree growth around manifolds and the onshore business doing better. You could get higher than that, but right now, based on the trajectory of the industry, right now, I'd say, in the near term -- near to medium term, expect high single digit operating income rate.
Connor Lynagh: Okay. That's helpful. Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes the Q&A portion of today's conference. I'd like to turn the call back over to Lorenzo for any closing remarks.
Lorenzo Simonelli: Yeah. Thank you very much, and thanks to all of you for joining our earnings call today. I just wanted to leave you with some closing thoughts. Very pleased with the second quarter results. We generated another quarter of strong free cash flow and so good levels of performance across a number of our product companies. We also see a multiyear growth opportunity developing in our TPS business, driven by the LNG and new energy initiative. As we continue to execute on our strategy of becoming an energy technology company, we'll maintain our discipline and prioritize free cash flow and return. We'll also continue to evaluate our portfolio in order to drive the best financial results and create the most value for our shareholders as the energy markets evolve. So, thanks for taking the time. Look forward to speaking to you again soon. And operator, you may close the call.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in today's conference. This concludes the program. You may now disconnect. Everyone have a great day.

===== 2021 Q1  (2021-04-21 08:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen and welcome to the Baker Hughes Company First Quarter 2021 Earnings Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I would now like to introduce your host for todays conference, Mr. Jud Bailey, Vice President of Investor Relations. Sir, you may begin.
Jud Bailey: Thank you. Good morning, everyone and welcome to the Baker Hughes first quarter 2021 earnings conference call. Here with me are our Chairman and CEO, Lorenzo Simonelli; and our CFO, Brian Worrell. The earnings release we issued earlier today can be found on our website at bakerhughes.com. As a reminder, during the course of this conference call, we will provide forward-looking statements. These statements are not guarantees of future performance and involve a number of risks and assumptions. Please review our SEC filings and website for a discussion of some of the factors that could cause actual results to differ materially. As you know, reconciliations of operating income and other GAAP to non-GAAP measures can be found in our earnings release. With that, I will turn the call over to Lorenzo.
Lorenzo Simonelli: Thank you, Jud. Good morning, everyone and thanks for joining us. We are pleased with our first quarter results as we generated strong free cash flow, continued to drive forward our cost-out efforts and took further meaningful steps in the execution of our strategy to lead the energy transition. During the quarter, TPS delivered solid orders and operating income, while OFS continued to execute our cost-out program to help drive another strong quarter of margin performance. As we look ahead to the rest of 2021, we remain cautiously optimistic that the global economy and oil demand will recover from the impact of the global pandemic. As vaccine rollouts ramp up around the world, we expect rising oil and gas demand, combined with continued discipline from OPEC+ and publicly traded operators to rebalance inventories. This should be supportive of higher oil prices and solid free cash flow across the industry. Following a resilient 2020, the natural gas and LNG markets longer term demand outlook appears increasingly positive. We anticipate future demand improving as governments around the world accelerate the transition towards cleaner sources of energy. Accordingly, we see potential upside to our 2030 LNG demand view, which previously called for 550 to 600 MTPA of demand by the end of the decade. Based on recent third-party analysis and directionally supported by discussions with some of our customers, we now see the potential 600 to 650 MTPA of global LNG demand by 2030. Outside of oil and gas, the focus on cleaner energy sources and technology to decarbonize resource-intense industries continues to accelerate. The U.S. is more closely aligning with Europe and other developed nations in steering government policy to incentivize clean energy sources as well as carbon capture technologies. We believe that these policy shifts will be crucial to supporting new industry-wide investment in areas like renewables, green hydrogen and CCUS. With this overall macro view in mind, we continue to believe that we are taking the right steps with our strategic priorities to position Baker Hughes as the leader in the energy transition. We have had a busy start to 2021, making solid progress on all three pillars of our strategy. On the first pillar, to transform the core of the business, we continued to identify and remove structural costs from our operations, as evidenced by the improvement in our OFS margins despite lower revenue. Our goal is to continue to optimize our processes and infrastructure in order to deliver further cost reductions and footprint consolidation in 2021. In addition to cost-out actions, we continued to focus on portfolio optimization to narrow our focus, streamline operations and improve overall operating efficiency. As an example, during the first quarter, we announced an agreement with Akastor to create a joint venture company, in which we will contribute our subsea drilling systems product line with Akastors MHWirth business. This transaction helps align our portfolio with our long-term strategic objectives. Additionally, we completed the sale of pressure pumping assets in Argentina, which includes our hydraulic fracturing fleet, coil tubing units and related equipment. On the second pillar of investing for growth, we continued to identify opportunities to expand in the industrial sector and increase our condition monitoring and asset management offerings. To that end, in the first quarter, we announced the acquisition of ARMS Reliability, an asset reliability services and software company, with a strong presence across a broad range of industrial sectors, including metals and mining, power, manufacturing and utilities. The acquisition enables our Bently Nevada business to expand further into asset performance management and to use the scale of ARMS Reliability technology, utilizing our global footprint. This transaction further reinforces our commitment to accelerate the digital transformation of industrial assets across an ever increasing range of end-markets. On the third pillar of positioning to new frontiers, we took steps to build out our energy transition offerings. We announced an exclusive license for SRI Internationals mixed salt process for carbon capture. The mixed salt technology enables significant cost reductions to a more energy-efficient and environmentally-friendly carbon capture process. This provides total cost of ownership savings for energy and industrial operators to decarbonize their operations. The mixed salt process adds to our portfolio of capture technology development, which also includes the commercially available chilled ammonia process and an immune based process through our Compact Carbon Capture acquisition last year. Additionally, we recently announced our intention to invest in the FiveT hydrogen fund alongside other cornerstone investors, Plug Power and Chart Industries. This fund, which is targeting an ultimate size of approximately 1 billion, is designed to accelerate the infrastructure and technology investment necessary to develop the hydrogen value chain. We have also made progress commercially on our energy transition efforts, building a diverse portfolio of offerings, supported by scale and technology development. In the first quarter, we signed an MoU with Horizon, Enerji for the Polaris carbon storage project off Northern Coast of Norway. Under the agreement, we will explore the development and integration of technologies to minimize the carbon footprint costs and delivery time of the project. This is a great example of what the unique Baker Hughes portfolio can bring to customers. OFS will bring technology and services to drill and complete the injection wells. OFE will supply subsea trees, control systems and injection risers. CPS will supply compression equipment for CO2 injection and DS will provide monitoring solutions. As we continue to execute on these three strategic pillars and our evolution as an energy technology company, we will maintain our discipline and prioritize free cash flow and returns above our cost of capital. Now, I will give you an update on each of our segments. In Oilfield Services, activity has increased solidly in its select areas so far this year. The strong commodity price performance has resulted in positive signs of further improvement across multiple regions over the course of 2021. In the international markets, we have greater confidence in our outlook for the second half, as customer conversations and project opportunities are firming up in key markets such as the Middle East, Latin America and Russia. Based on discussions with our customers, we still expect a recovery in international activity to be second half weighted, which should provide strong momentum for growth in 2022. In North America, stronger than expected activity in the first quarter helped us to mitigate some of the impacts from the Texas winter storms and also provides some upside potential for the full year versus our prior expectations. Although the rig count is moving higher, we believe that the commitment towards capital discipline and maintenance mode spending remains intact among the public E&Ps. While we are pleased to see the outlook for OFS is improving somewhat faster than we anticipated, our primary focus remains on increasing the margin and return profile of this business through improved efficiency and portfolio actions. We continue to execute on our plan to reduce our rooftops by approximately 100 facilities in 2021 and size our product lines appropriately for the current environment. Overall, we believe that OFS remains on track to achieve double-digit operating income margins given the significant structural cost reductions we have made, improved operating process and the increasing use of remote operations. Moving to TPS, we continue to balance our focus between new energy initiatives and current core operations like LNG, high-technology compression applications, pumps and valves and aftermarket services. As I mentioned earlier, our long-term outlook for demand growth in the LNG market is improving. The resilience of demand during the pandemic, combined with the acceleration of climate commitments, has resulted in improving optimism over the demand outlook. This has also been reflected in our conversations with customers. As more nations such as China made net zero commitments, it is becoming increasingly clear that a phase-out of coal in favor of natural gas is necessary to reach their goals as well as broader global carbon targets. Based on this outlook, we feel increasingly confident in our expectation of 3 to 4 projects reaching FID in 2021, followed by a strong pipeline of opportunities in 2022 and beyond. For the non-LNG segments of our TPS portfolio, order activity remains solid with a positive outlook. During the first quarter, we booked awards for power generation and compression equipment for multiple FPSOs in Latin America and for a fixed platform in Asia. For TPS Services, we are optimistic about the outlook for recovery in 2021 and 2022 as customers resume spending to maintain and in some cases, upgrade their equipment. We expect growth to be led by a recovery in transactional services and upgrades, areas that were particularly impacted in 2020. In our Contractual Services business, we are pleased to receive a 10-year contract extension to the existing global service contract with Petronas Malaysia LNG project, one of the largest LNG facilities in the world. This contract is an extension of the 40-year partnership between the TPS team and the Petronas Malaysia LNG. The relationship has included key technology injections that have helped the customer increase production capacity by reducing machine downtime and saving costs with extended meantime between maintenance. On a longer term basis, we are optimistic on the outlook for upgrade opportunities as customers seek to reduce carbon emissions and improve the efficiency of their equipment. As an example, in the first quarter, we announced a cooperation agreement with Novatek to upgrade existing liquefaction trains at Yamal LNG to run on hydrogen blends, supporting their emissions reduction efforts. Together with Novatek, we are introducing the first solution for decarbonizing the core of LNG production, an area we expect to grow meaningfully in the future. Next, on Oilfield Equipment, we continue to focus on rightsizing the business and optimizing the portfolio in the face of a challenging offshore market environment. With Brent prices moving into the 60s and a more optimistic view for oil demand over the next few years, we continue to see the outlook for industry subsea tree awards improving modestly in 2021, though still well below 2019 levels. Longer term, we believe that deepwater activity will be increasingly dominated by low cost basins and that it will be difficult to sustain 2019 industry order levels for the foreseeable future. As I mentioned, in the first quarter, we announced an agreement with Akastor to create a 50-50 joint venture company to deliver global offshore drilling solutions through the combination of our STS business with Akastors MHWirth business. This transaction will result in a leading equipment and services provider with integrated delivery capabilities, financial strength, a focused and experienced management team and the flexibility to address a full range of customer priorities. Finally, in Digital Solutions, although our operating results were below our initial expectations, we experienced a strong recovery in orders in the first quarter. This was primarily led by industrial end markets as the global economy began to recover. In the third quarter, we were awarded several projects that demonstrate our capabilities in emissions reduction solutions as well as our growing industrial presence. The Panametrics product line secured several orders to the Flare IQ advanced flare gas monitoring and optimization system, with contracts for oil and gas operators in North America, China and the UAE. We signed a new agreement with a customer in the UAE to pilot our Flare IQ technology, marking the first deployment of Flare IQ in the Gulf region. Our technology will enable the customers to reduce methane emissions from flare operations and reduce its operational cost at pilot sites by delivering high-efficiency flare combustion. We were also pleased to secure an important award with a major aircraft engine OEM to utilize our drug technology to improve fuel efficiency performance displacing a competitor. Drugs dual channel pressure sensor technology will enable the customer to deliver improved fuel efficiency and reliability performance. In our Waygate Technologies business, we were awarded several orders from LG Energy Solutions to support electric vehicle battery cell inspection across facilities in Asia and Europe. Overall, we executed well in the first quarter, delivering strong free cash flow and making significant progress on our strategic priorities. With our broad portfolio and a strategic focus on the rapidly changing energy market, Baker Hughes is well-positioned to take advantage of a recovery in the global economy and the oil and gas markets near-term. Longer term, we are well-positioned for growth as we develop decarbonization of solutions across multiple industries. We remain focused on driving better outcomes for customers, executing on our strategy and delivering for our shareholders. With that, I will turn the call over to Brian.
Brian Worrell: Thanks, Lorenzo. I will begin with the total company results and then move into the segment details. Orders for the quarter were $4.5 billion, down 12% sequentially, driven by OFE and TPS partially offset by an increase in Digital Solutions. Year-over-year, orders were down 18%, driven by declines in OFS and OFE partially offset by increases in Digital Solutions and TPS. Remaining performance obligation was $23.2 billion, down 1% sequentially. Equipment RPO ended at $7.5 billion, down 6% sequentially and services RPO ended at $15.7 billion, up 2% sequentially. Our total company book-to-bill ratio in the quarter was 0.9 and our equipment book-to-bill in the quarter was 0.8. Revenue for the quarter was $4.8 billion, down 13% sequentially, with declines in all four segments. Year-over-year, revenue was down 12%, driven by declines in OFS, OFE and Digital Solutions partially offset by an increase in TPS. Operating income for the quarter was $164 million. Adjusted operating income was $270 million, which excludes $106 million of restructuring, separation and other charges. The restructuring charges in the first quarter relate to projects first quarter relate to projects previously announced in 2020. Adjusted operating income was down 42% sequentially and up 13% year-over-year. Our adjusted operating income rate for the quarter was 5.6%, down 280 basis points sequentially. Year-over-year, our adjusted operating income rate was up 120 basis points. We are pleased with the operating margin improvement on a year-over-year basis, which was largely driven by strong execution on our restructuring actions and continued improvements in operating productivity. Adjusted EBITDA in the quarter was $562 million, which excludes $106 million of restructuring, separation and other charges. Adjusted EBITDA was down 27% sequentially and down 5% year-over-year. This quarter, we began disclosing total company adjusted EBITDA in our earnings release as well as EBITDA by reporting segment. In conjunction with this new disclosure, we filed an 8-K this morning that provides 3 years of history by quarter for both total company and reporting segment EBITDA. Corporate costs were $109 million in the quarter. For the second quarter, we expect corporate costs to be flat to slightly down compared to first quarter levels from continued cost-out efforts. Depreciation and amortization expense was $292 million in the quarter. For the second quarter, we expect D&A to be roughly flat sequentially and to gradually decline in the second half of the year. Net interest expense was $74 million. Income tax expense in the quarter was $69 million. GAAP loss per share was $0.61. Included in GAAP loss per share is a $788 million loss from the change in fair value of our investment in C3.ai, partially offset by the reversal of current accruals of $121 million due to the settlement of certain legal matters. Adjusted earnings per share were $0.12. Turning to the cash flow statement, free cash flow in the quarter was $498 million. Free cash flow for the first quarter includes $108 million of cash payments related to restructuring and separation activities. We are particularly pleased with our free cash flow performance in the quarter. The sequential improvement was largely driven by working capital and a lower level of cash restructuring and separation payments. For the second quarter, we expect free cash flow to decline sequentially primarily due to less favorable working capital trends. For the total year, we still expect free cash flow to improve significantly versus 2020 and to be in line with or better than historical levels. The drivers for free cash flow versus 2020 will be higher operating income, modestly lower CapEx and significantly lower restructuring and separation cash payment. Lastly as Lorenzo mentioned in the first quarter, we reached an agreement with Akastor to create a joint venture company that will bring together our Subsea Drilling Systems product line with Akastors wholly-owned subsidiary, MHWirth. We expect the transaction to close in the second half of the year, subject to customary closing conditions. This transaction reflects our continued focus on optimizing our portfolio. Now, I will walk you through the segment results in more detail and give you our thoughts on the outlook going forward. In Oilfield Services, the team delivered a strong quarter in a mixed market environment. OFS revenue in the quarter was $2.2 billion, down 4% sequentially. International revenue was down 5% sequentially, led by declines in Russia and the Middle East. North America revenue increased 1% sequentially, with solid growth in our North America land well construction businesses, offset by declines in Gulf of Mexico and chemicals. For the first quarter, our production-related businesses accounted for over 60% of our total North America revenue. Despite the 4% decline in revenue, operating income of $143 million grew 1% sequentially, while margin rate expanded 30 basis points to 6.5%. The improvement in margin rate was driven by our restructuring and cost-out initiatives. The OFS team executed very well on robust cost-out programs over the last year under difficult market conditions. Despite a 30% decline in OFS revenue versus the first quarter of 2020, EBITDA margin rate for OFS was up 110 basis points year-over-year to 15.6%. As we look ahead to the second quarter, we expect to see a seasonal increase in international activity, which should be followed by a stronger cyclical recovery over the second half of the year. As a result, we expect our second quarter international revenue to increase in the mid-single digit range on a sequential basis. In North America, we expect the recent momentum in drilling and completion activity in the U.S. land segment to continue. As a result, we expect growth in North American OFS revenues to be in the mid to high-single digit range. We expect solid and steady margin rate improvement through the year as volumes improve and our cost-out reduction efforts yield further results. For the full year 2021, our industry outlook has modestly improved from what we shared on our fourth quarter earnings call. Internationally, we still expect a second half recovery in activity, with positive signs developing from multiple customers. However, without clear visibility on some of these incremental opportunities, we expect our international revenue to be down in the mid-single digit range on a year-over-year basis. In North America, the recent increase in commodity prices and strong recovery from private E&Ps, have improved the near-term outlook. As activity recovers, we believe that drilling and completion activity is likely to be modestly higher on a year-over-year basis. We expect our North American revenue to lag overall industry spending and rig count trend, given our portfolio mix and the exit of several commoditized businesses last year. Although commodity prices have increased and signals around customer spending and rig count are moving in a positive direction, I want to reiterate that we will not be chasing revenue. We remain focused on pursuing projects that are accretive to margins and returns. Given these dynamics, OFS revenue may be down modestly for the full year, but we expect our cost-out actions to translate to a strong improvement in OFS margins in 2021. Moving to Oilfield Equipment, orders in the quarter were $345 million, down 30% year-over-year and down 39% sequentially. Revenue was $628 million, down 12% year-over-year, primarily driven by declines in subsea services, Subsea Drilling Systems and the disposition of SPC Flow, partially offset by growth in SPS and flexibles. Operating income was $4 million, which is up $12 million year-over-year. This was driven by higher volume in SPS and flexibles, along with help from our cost-out program, partially offset by softness in services activity and Subsea Drilling Systems. For the second quarter, we expect revenue to decrease sequentially, driven by lower SPS and flexibles backlog conversion. We expect operating income to remain close to first quarter levels. For the full year 2021, we expect the offshore markets to remain challenged as operators reassess their portfolios and project selection. We expect OFE revenue to be down double digits on a year-over-year basis due to the lower order intake in 2020 and a likely continuation of a difficult offshore environment in 2021. Although revenue will be down in 2021, our goal remains to generate positive operating income, as our cost-out efforts should offset the decline in volumes. Next, I will cover Turbomachinery. The team delivered another strong quarter with solid execution. Orders in the quarter were $1.4 billion, up 4% year-over-year. Equipment orders were up 28% year-over-year. Orders this quarter were supported by awards for power generation and compression equipment from multiple FPSOs in Latin America and from a fixed platform in Asia. Service orders in the quarter were down 9% year-over-year, primarily driven by declines in transactional services and contractual services. Revenue for the quarter was $1.5 billion, up 37% versus the prior year. Equipment revenue was up over 100%, as we continue to execute on our LNG and onshore/offshore production backlog. Services revenue was up 6% versus the prior year. Operating income for TPS was $207 million, up 55% year-over-year, driven by higher volume and strong execution on cost productivity, partially offset by a higher equipment mix. Operating margin was 13.9%, up 160 basis points year-over-year. We were very pleased with the margin rate improvement year-over-year, particularly given the change in equipment revenue mix from 32% to 47%. For the second quarter, we expect revenue to be roughly flat sequentially based on expected equipment backlog conversion. With this revenue outlook, we expect TPS margin rates to be roughly flat versus the second quarter of 2020 due to a higher mix of equipment revenue and an increase in technology spending. For the full year 2021, we expect TPS to generate double digit year-over-year revenue growth, driven by equipment backlog conversion and modest growth in TPS services. We expect a higher mix of equipment revenue to result in roughly flat margin rates year-over-year. However, we still anticipate solid growth in operating income based on higher volumes and improved cost productivity. Finally, in digital solutions, orders for the quarter were $549 million, up 10% year-over-year. We saw growth in orders across oil and gas and most industrial end markets, while aviation remains a challenge. Sequentially, orders were up 4%, driven by the improving global economic environment. Revenue for the quarter was $470 million, down 4% year-over-year, primarily driven by lower volumes in Nexus Controls, process and pipeline services and Waygate Technologies. Sequentially, revenue was down 15% due to a lower opening backlog, driven by reduced order intake in 2020 as well as typical seasonality. Operating income for the quarter was $24 million, down 17% year-over-year, driven by lower volume, partially offset by cost productivity. Sequentially, operating income was down 68%, driven by lower volume. For the second quarter, we expect to see strong sequential revenue growth and operating margin rates back into the high-single digits. For the full year 2021, we expect modest growth in revenue on a year-over-year basis, primarily driven by a recovery in industrial end markets. With higher volumes and a continued focus on costs, we believe DS margin rates can get back to low-double digits for the full year. Overall, we delivered a strong quarter in TPS and OFS, along with exceptionally strong free cash flow. While we faced volume challenges in our OFE and DS businesses, we are confident in our ability to execute as the rest of the year unfolds. With that, I will turn the call back over to Jud.
Jud Bailey: Thanks Brian. Operator, lets open the call for questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Sean Meakim with JPMorgan. Your line is now open.
Sean Meakim: Thank you. Good morning.
Lorenzo Simonelli: Hi Sean.
Brian Worrell: Hi Sean.
Sean Meakim: So, I wanted to start on free cash flow. Brian, I appreciate your comments. You walked through the moving parts quite nicely in the prepared comments. Particularly, 1Q is seasonally challenging for collections. It sounds like your customers are feeling more comfortable with their cash flow profiles than maybe they did in the back half of last year. But it sounds like free cash flow will be positive even without the collections benefit. So, how should we think about that full year free cash flow expectation given the strong start, you had said you like  you expect to get back to historical levels. That sounds like maybe in the low $1 billion type of number. Shouldnt expectations start to move higher based on how you started the year?
Brian Worrell: Yes, Sean. Look, we are pleased with how free cash flow is pacing so far this year. And I would say that the framework that we laid out when we were on the call in January is still largely intact, but with a couple of positive exceptions. And you pointed out one, really driven by receivables and then some work we have been doing around inventory. I think working capital will likely be better and EBITDA is pacing slightly better so far this year. So, indications are pretty good for the full year free cash flow performance. And as we talked with you about before, we have worked a lot on improving our supply chain and working capital processes. We have gotten a lot of systems in place. And we are becoming more efficient in managing cash collections and inventory overall. And then I think you will recall we pointed out, I think this is very important, our incentive structure company-wide is really more focused on free cash flow and cash conversion. And so look, when I put all that together, I do think there are certainly tailwinds for free cash flow for the year. Sean, over the course of the year, working capital can fluctuate just really depending on the dynamics of each segment, OFS activity, TPS progress collections, but it should be a source of cash this year, and thats a little better than we talked about in January. And just as a reminder, the other drivers of the backdrop of free cash flow for the year: Operating income should be higher; CapEx should be slightly lower with the activity levels that are similar to what we have been talking about here. While earnings are higher, cash taxes should be lower because some of the refunds that we have and the mix of income. And then as you know, the biggest thing is just the reduction in restructuring and separation-related charges. We had $108 million in the first quarter. I would expect the second quarter to be around the same level, Sean, and then taper off in the second half of the year. So, as you said, like the start to the year and the progress that we have made and feel pretty good about the overall performance.
Sean Meakim: Yes. Its very encouraging. Thank you, Brian. So then Lorenzo, thinking about OFS and OFE. These are 2 segments where you have been really focused on transforming the operations and the portfolios to boost margins and returns. Progress in OFS is continuing. OFE still seems like have your lift, its later cycle. Its more offshore levered, so thats understandable. But where would you say you are in the transformation for each in terms of operating efficiency and portfolio adjustments?
Lorenzo Simonelli: Yes. Sean, I will jump in here first. Look, I feel really good about the momentum in margin accretion that we have created, to the cost-out actions, really over the last year with Maria Claudia and the team in OFS. And I would say, based on the actions that we have taken to-date and actions we are still executing on in the outlook that we talked about, I continue to believe that we should have operating margin rates in the high-single digits by the fourth quarter, with a real good shot at double digits. The team is executing incredibly well. Not done with everything that we have got to do, but I think you have seen the momentum here. And the team is still working hard at this and certainly have a lot that they have been working on and are continuing to execute on, and I feel good about their execution capability. So look, you should see a steady margin improvement, obviously, depending on activity levels throughout the course of the year in OFS. So, I would say we are well on our way. Processes are beginning to be stabilized. And I think we are going to have a great margin business here as we continue to execute this year. You pointed out OFS  or sorry, OFE is a bit of a heavier lift. Pleased with the joint venture announcement that we have. We expect that to close in the second half. And I think thats a good step in our overall portfolio optimization. For the remainder of OFE, we are continuing to focus on cost-out across the business as we see overall pressure in the offshore market. We have been reducing headcount and footprint to align with the lower volumes. And I think just given the activity levels and backdrop that we see, we want to offset the volume pressure this year with those cost-out actions. So, a margin profile thats better, but still not where this business needs to be over the long-term. And we will continue to evaluate how we run it differently and better given this market environment.
Brian Worrell: Sean, I would just add. If you look at our strategy and the 3 pillars, this really fits in the transform of the core. And the team has been doing a good job of executing on that first pillar, and its crucial that we continue to execute. But pleased with the performance as we are going through the year.
Sean Meakim: Thank you, both.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of James West with Evercore ISI. Your line is now open.
James West: Thanks. Good morning guys and congrats on the solid free cash flow in the first quarter. So Lorenzo, your upgraded view of LNG was interesting. There is some crosscurrents, of course, in the market right now, with some suggesting LNG has some standard asset risk. We dont agree with that at all, but there is some suggestion of that. And then, of course, our view that is LNG is our transition fuel and is  and it could be a landed fuel even much further in the future. And so I am curious, your customer base, how they are thinking about LNG. Why you see  or how you see the upgraded numbers that you are talking about today and the outlook overall for LNG?
Lorenzo Simonelli: Yes, James. And as we mentioned in the prepared remarks, we see the long-term outlook for LNG remaining intact and actually seeing positive upside. And so we have taken up the outlook from 600 MTPA to 650 MTPA from what we said previously for demand for 2030. And if you look at the backdrop, 2020 was very resilient. And also coming into 2021, you are continuing to see a good demand robust from countries such as India, China. And there is a couple of factors at play here. Really, the move from coal to natural gas, given some of the commitments relative to energy transition which are going to play out. Also, as you look at getting to 600 million tons to 650 million tons by the end of the decade from a demand perspective, that means we are going to have approximately 700 million tons to 800 million tons of nameplate capacity. So, that suggests that we are going to have another 100 million tons to 150 million tons FID over the course of the next 3 years to 4 years. And thats an incremental 50 million tons to 100 million tons than we indicated before. So, I feel good about that outlook. This year, we still see 3 FIDs to 4 FIDs taking place. And in the discussion with customers, there is a lot of off-take discussions with the robust demand outlook. As you look at the backdrop, you have had some expansions in Qatar. You have had some expansions announced in other locations. You have got some of the North America projects that are out there commercially, looking at off-take agreements. And again, its really encouraging to see just the announcements being made by several of the large users on the way in which they are going to transition from coal to natural gas, which clearly applies to LNG as well. So, feel good about the outlook as we go forward.
James West: Right. Okay. That makes perfect sense. Rod must be pretty busy guy these days. So, how should we think about the order outlook for TPS then as we go to the next several quarters?
Lorenzo Simonelli: Yes. As we look at TPS orders, overall, we still think the order outlook for 21 and 22 looks roughly similar to what we booked in 2020. There could be some mix change from a year-over-year perspective. On the LNG side, as I mentioned, 3 projects to 4 projects likely to move forward in 2021, followed by a robust pipeline of LNG projects to reach FID beyond 2021. So, that continues to be a positive momentum, as we have indicated before. For non-LNG equipment, we believe there is an opportunity for 2021 to be in line with 2020. The mix could move around a little bit between onshore and offshore in valves and other areas, but the opportunity is roughly the same. We are also starting to see, even though minimal in numbers, increased traction on our offerings for CCUS and hydrogen. There is a pickup there relative to discussions with customers as more forward-looking, but some of the technologies that were bringing on to the scene getting traction, and that will bring some possibility over the next couple of years. And then Services, were optimistic with the outlook that weve mentioned for 21 and 22, as customers resume their maintenance activity, and in some cases, also look for upgrade equipment. So again, no real change from what we said, and its becoming more robust.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Chase Mulvehill with Bank of America. Your line is now open.
Chase Mulvehill: Hi, good morning everyone.
Lorenzo Simonelli: Hi, Chase.
Chase Mulvehill: I guess Ill start with CCUS. Lots of investor interest these days around the CCUS. And on the capture side, youve got one of the broadest technology offerings that include chilled ammonia, amines and also mixed salt process technologies. But could you maybe just take a minute and speak to your comprehensive offering today across the entire CCUS value chain? Where are you investing more? And finally, what parts of the value chain you think Baker will be able to differentiate the most?
Lorenzo Simonelli: Yes. Sure, Chase. And then as you said, weve been spending quite a bit of time on CCUS, and it is much broader than just the process aspect. As you look at Baker Hughes from a portfolio perspective, I think were uniquely positioned because we can play across multiple areas of the value chain. If you look at it from a post-combustion capture, weve also got consulting and reservoir evaluation and design, as well as then subsurface storage services like well construction, reservoir modeling, and also, as you look at the longer term integrity and monitoring. As you think about technology from a CCUS perspective, again, youve mentioned some of the carbon capture technologies that we have. Turbomachinery, solvent-based state-of-the-art capture processes are going to be key. The chilled ammonia process, which is commercially available already today, is going to be ideal for large-scale projects. The combat carbon capture, which is rotating bed technology, which we acquired at the end of last year, this is going to be for smaller and mid-scale projects and key for offshore industries as well as cement factories and different types of industries. And then the recently announced mixed salt process, which we mentioned during the SRI International license that we got, which is, again, another process that we will be utilizing our key equipment and allow for lower energy usage, also reduce water and greater efficiency. So were building a portfolio here across CCUS from a technology standpoint as well across the value chain.
Chase Mulvehill: Yes. I appreciate the color there. And maybe as a quick follow-up to this, could you maybe talk to the addressable market across the CCUS value chain? But then maybe also speak to what you see as an addressable market for hydrogen?
Lorenzo Simonelli: Sure. And then we announced in 2019 being an energy technology company focusing on the energy transition. So we spent a lot of time over the course of the last 12 to 18 months evaluating the market opportunities for ourselves as it relates to these different areas. And weve really looked at three things: where our technology can play today; also how our technology may evolve and the investments required to remain competitive and also other areas in the value chain. So, talking specifically to CCUS, we look at the addressable market for ourselves to be between $35 billion to $40 billion by 2030. Now this addressable market covers a full range of technologies that Baker Hughes can currently offer like the carbon capture technologies, we mentioned, the compression storing and monitoring, and also assumes really a relatively mid-case of 450 million tons of CCUS by 2030. So feel good about being able to play in this market. And again, its going to be an important market for us going forward. On hydrogen, weve been looking at this for some time. You know weve been present in hydrogen with some of our key technologies already. As we look out to 2030, we see an addressable market for us  for ourselves of $25 billion to $30 billion. I think you got to keep in mind that this is evolving. But again, its going to encompass a wide range of products and technologies across the value chain. And were going to be focused on where our higher technology solutions can be better than the conventional technology and also address the market that way.
Chase Mulvehill: Perfect. Thanks, Lorenzo.
Lorenzo Simonelli: Thanks, Chase.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Marc Bianchi with Cowen. Your line is now open.
Marc Bianchi: Thank you. Id like to go back to TPS. And I think if I heard right, the guidance for second quarter was for the margin rate to be flat with the second quarter of 2020, which would imply like 100 basis point sequential decline or so. And I think you mentioned that, that was related to some technology setting. So could you maybe talk to us about the technology spending, and what thats allocated towards, and then how that would progress over the remainder of the year?
Lorenzo Simonelli: Yes. Yes, Marc. In the prepared remarks, we did talk about TPS margin throughout the year as you described. And Id say, look, the thing you got to keep in mind is that as we execute on our large backlog of projects. Margin rate will likely fluctuate a little bit quarter-to-quarter, depending on the equipment service mix, but also due to the mix of the projects in the backlog. There can be some differentiation there just given the broad range of of offerings that we have and the pretty diverse set of projects in the backlog, that range from LNG to onshore offshore production to industrial turbines and some rep and pet things. So look, thats  quarter-on-quarter, you can see some fluctuation based on that. As far as technology goes, roughly in 2020, we spent at the total company level about $600 million on R&D. TPS makes up a decent portion of that given the overall end markets it serves and the new products were bringing to market and were focused on. And Id say, look, from a second quarter standpoint, we are going to see a bit of a ramp-up across some areas in traditional markets like LNG and onshore and offshore production, but also in some of the new frontiers that youve heard us talk about. Lorenzo just described around CCUS hydrogen and then some in energy storage. So specifically, weve got some increased program spend in high-pressure recip compressors for hydrogen and some more work on the hydrogen gas turbine development. We already have turbines today that run 100% on hydrogen. There is some more work that we can do to expand that to our broader turbine base. And then, look, were spending some more in advanced and additive manufacturing to position TPS from a cost and a competitiveness standpoint both in new equipment and services going forward. So look, this  its a great business, a really strong franchise. You see our positioning in some key markets. And this is an area where we think investments do make sense at this stage. And even despite that, TPS will have a strong year from a margin and overall income standpoint.
Marc Bianchi: Okay. Thanks a lot for that. The next question, unrelated, I wanted to ask about the revenue commitment that you have with C3.ai. I believe that, that was restruc lower during COVID, but still is a pretty sizable number as we go through the next few years. Im just curious if you could tell us where you stand with that. What your sort of visibility is to meeting or exceeding the revenue commitment? And what are the consequences if you dont?
Lorenzo Simonelli: Yes, Matt. The relationship with C3.ai remains very important to us and its a strategic long-term. Really, the restructuring of the contract was based on the strategic element of it being a long-term relationship and also the deployment of artificial intelligence capabilities to our customers. Weve seen good traction, good pickup. Were in a number of deployments across the industry and also associated industries. So feel very good about the progression that were making. Weve talked about releases of different products that weve done externally as well as the usage of C3.ai internally within ourselves to drive our process efficiencies as well. So on pace and feel good about the future with C3.ai.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Scott Gruber with Citigroup. Your line is now open.
Scott Gruber: Yes. Can you hear me?
Lorenzo Simonelli: Yes. Hey, Scott.
Scott Gruber: Hey, good morning. I wanted to stay on the theme of less carbon-intensive LNG. The Yamal project is great to hear. Have you started to hear from buyers or hear of buyers, particularly Asian buyers, starting to request less carbon-intensive gas? Not only just shifting from coal to gas, but actually starting to request less carbon-intensive gas? And do you think that manifests in the near future or will this kind of trend towards hydrogen blends and the turbines be more operator driven?
Lorenzo Simonelli: So Scott, as you can imagine, weve been in this industry a long time. And a number of our customers have already started to measure the carbon intensity of their LNG cargoes. We do see a theme and a trend that thats going to continue. And as we look at also the disclosures that people are starting to make. Customers on the back end of that, on the LNG side, we are hearing that there is a move towards more disclosure, more transparency. And we think we can actually apply that to helping our customers because weve got new equipment that can upgrade and reduce the carbon intensity. Weve also got capabilities around CCUS. So LNG is a destination transition fuel for the energy transition. We feel good about the outlook. And we also feel good about the way in which we support our customers to continue to drive lower the carbon intensity.
Scott Gruber: Got it. And I just want to come back to CCUS. Obviously, you have the biggest oil company in the U.S. talking about now potentially a mega project along the Gulf Coast. Is that something that you look to participate with them? Are you in discussions with them? And just for some clarification, these operators with low-carbon ventures, the primary area of overlap with your portfolio would be just on the subsurface expertise and maybe some project engineering. Is that correct? So it seemed like the vast majority of your offering is still in play and even if you worked on a project like this with Exxon. Is that fair?
Lorenzo Simonelli: Scott, it is fair. I would take a step back. And then  again, this is a space that is evolving and is an ecosystem that will emerge. If you think of a parallel to LNG, within LNG, there is various processes that can be utilized, an API, a ConocoPhillips, different across the board. Youve got different companies as well as different operators that have their processes. We apply our equipment to that. We integrate with their processes. And we also apply our own processes as well where appropriate. So it is an ecosystem where definitely we will participate and we will work to optimize. Also, all of these projects require, from an engineering perspective, different scale, different modules, stick builds. And so its going to be dependent a lot on whether its small-scale or mid-scale, large scale, and that will evolve as we go forward. But I look at it being very similar to LNG from a marketplace as it develops, and we will be participating along the value chain.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of David Anderson with Barclays. Your line is now open. Mr. Anderson, if your line is on mute, please unmute your line. [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from the line of Connor Lynagh with Morgan Stanley. Your line is now open.
Connor Lynagh: Yes. Thanks very much. Im not sure if you guys have spoken much about this before. But I was interested with the discussion of the well link service youve deployed for Saudi Aramco. Can you maybe just discuss in a little greater detail what this offers relative to some of the competition out there? And then I guess, more broadly, what is your sort of upstream software suite that you can offer to customers these days?
Lorenzo Simonelli: Yes. So again, on the web link, were very pleased with the deployment with Aramco. And its one that we displaced an existing competitor, and its actually one of the largest deployments. What this allows is visualization and also better understanding of the wells themselves and the drilling activity. And across the board, if you look at our upstream business, weve been investing in digital capabilities and transformation, from a remote operations perspective, from a visualization, from also an artificial intelligence perspective to reduce downtime. Weve got deployments with a number of our customers. And so the drive here is for productivity to be enabled for our customers, and thats where we see the continued focus with our digital investments taking place.
Connor Lynagh: Yes. Got it. And then maybe just sticking with the digital theme, I was wondering if you could discuss the ARMS Reliability deal, and just basically how that fits into your portfolio, and effectively, where you see that adding to your offering and evolving the business over time?
Lorenzo Simonelli: Yes, sure. And look, were very pleased with the ARMS acquisition that we announced. Its ARMS Reliability that really helps a broad range of industrial asset management solutions. And if you think about what we offer today already within Bently Nevada, its around condition monitoring, vibration. ARMS Reliability actually provides similar capabilities in mining, metals, manufacturing and other industries. And so as you continue to look at our expansion into other industries, applying condition monitoring, ARMS is a great asset to have within the portfolio. So I feel very good about being able to integrate it into our current offering as well as then laying the platform for system 1 over 60 in ARMS together as an offering to our customers to drive their productivity.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Chris Voie with Wells Fargo. Your line is now open.
Chris Voie: Thanks. Good morning. I guess, thanks for the EBITDA color that we have got now across the segment. The 15.6% EBITDA margin in OFS, just curious if you can give a little bit of color on where that is expected to go over the long-term, obviously, aiming for some improvement over the course of this year, but what would you think a normalized EBITDA margin should be for Bakers OFS business?
Brian Worrell: Yes, Chris. Look, as I said, pleased with how Maria Claudia and the team have been transforming the business. And from a normalized EBITDA margin standpoint, look, there is no reason this business should not be a 20% EBITDA margin business. So Maria Claudia and the team feel confident that with the actions they are taking, they have got line of sight to get there, and it should be at that level.
Chris Voie: Okay. Thats helpful. Thank you. And then maybe one more, coming back to LNG, obviously, a lot of good pieces coming together here over the next few years, probably 3 to 4 projects this year, robust after that on the revenue side. Maybe if you could talk about the prospects for EBIT going forward past 21. So obviously, some growth this year on flat margins, but as the business progressed and given your visibility into services revenues and equipment, do you expect EBIT growth in 22 and after that?
Brian Worrell: Yes. Look, Id point out a couple of things. Id say, as we said this year, we do expect solid growth in operating income based on the higher volume even though mix might be a bit of a headwind from an equipment standpoint, from a rate standpoint. The other thing I would point out is services, we are starting to see services pick up a bit. I mean the first quarter service orders and TPS were slightly ahead of 1Q 19 levels, which is, I think, a good indicator. Based on what Lorenzo talked about from LNG order intake and the overall order set, feel good about rebuilding the backlog for equipment, we just booked a large extension on a contractual services agreement in TPS. So our RPO remains robust at about $13.5 billion for services. So look, Id say in 22, when I put all that together, Id expect service revenue to continue to grow, depending on how orders play out this year in final backlog conversion, equipment orders could be flattish or modestly down, again depending on timing of how orders come in and the the pace of backlog conversion over the next 18 months. And so in this scenario, revenue would be flat or slightly down, but margin, I think, would improve and show some growth in operating income. So look, I mean, I think the backdrop from a market standpoint is pretty solid for TPS. From where I sit today, services is showing some nice indication as I mentioned here. And I think the backdrop for 22 margin progression looks pretty good sitting here today.
Chris Voie: Okay. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes todays question-and-answer session. I will now turn the call back over to Lorenzo Simonelli for any further remarks.
Lorenzo Simonelli: Thanks. And thought Id just leave you with some closing thoughts here. And firstly, were pleased with the first quarter results. We generated strong free cash flow, continue to drive forward our cost-out efforts. And we took meaningful steps in the execution of our strategy to lead the energy transition. Were going to continue to execute on our strategy of becoming an energy technology company through the three strategic pillars of transforming the core, investing for growth and positioning for new frontiers in areas like CCUS, hydrogen and energy storage. As we execute on our strategic pillars and we continue the evolution as an energy technology company, we will maintain our discipline and prioritize free cash flow and returns. Thanks a lot. We look forward to speaking to you again soon. Operator, you can end the call.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in todays conference. This concludes the program. You may all disconnect. Everyone have a great day.

===== 2020 Q4  (2021-01-21 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Baker Hughes Company Fourth Quarter and Full-Year 2020 Earnings Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions will follow at that time. [Operator Instructions]. As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded. I would now like to introduce your host for today's conference, Mr. Jud Bailey, Vice President of Investor Relations. Sir, you may begin.
Jud Bailey: Thank you. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to the Baker Hughes fourth quarter and full-year 2020 earnings conference call. Here with me are our Chairman and CEO, Lorenzo Simonelli; and our CFO, Brian Worrell. The earnings release we issued earlier today can be found on our website at bakerhughes.com. As a reminder, during the course of this conference call, we will provide forward-looking statements. These statements are not guarantees of future performance and involve a number of risks and assumptions. Please review our SEC filings and website for a discussion of some of the factors that could cause actual results to differ materially. As you know, reconciliations of operating income and other GAAP to non-GAAP measures can be found in our earnings release. With that, I will turn the call over to Lorenzo.
Lorenzo Simonelli: Thank you, Jud. Good morning, everyone, and thanks for joining us. We are pleased with our fourth quarter results as we generated strong free cash flow and executed on our cost-out programs while navigating the impacts of the global pandemic and industry downturn. During the quarter, OFS and DS executed well on commercial opportunities and cost-out initiatives, while TPS delivered solid orders and operating income. Despite an incredibly challenging year for Baker Hughes and the industry in 2020, we generated over $500 million in free cash flow, booked $6.4 billion in TPS orders, and executed on our substantial cost-out and restructuring program. We also took several important steps to accelerate our strategy and invest in new energy transition technologies, helping to position the company for the future. I cannot thank our employees enough for their hard work and dedication to achieve our goals and move the company forward over what has been a trying year for everyone. As we look ahead to 2021, we are cautiously optimistic that the global economy and oil demand will begin to recover from the impact of the global pandemic. Assuming a successful roll out of vaccines around the world, a synchronized global recovery should help drive solid growth in oil demand over the next 12 to 18 months and support a meaningful reduction in excess capacity over that time period. We believe this macro environment likely translates into a somewhat tepid investment environment for oil and gas companies during the first-half of 2021. However, we expect spending and activity levels to gain momentum over the course of the year as the macro environment improves, likely setting up the industry for stronger growth in 2022. In the natural gas and LNG markets, 2020 proved to be a more resilient year for demand, primarily due to growth in China and accelerated coal-to-gas switching across several countries. LNG demand growth is estimated to have held firm versus 2019 levels and fared much better than other commodities that saw meaningful declines. We believe this resiliency highlights the structural demand growth for LNG and reaffirms our positive long-term view for natural gas as a transition and destination fuel for broader energy consumption. Regardless of the state of the short-term macro environment, Baker Hughes remains focused on executing the three pillars of our strategy: to transform the core, invest for growth, and position for new frontiers. Our efforts to transform the core are the most visible and immediate components of our strategy. We delivered over $700 million of annualized cost savings in 2020, and will continue to optimize our processes and infrastructure in order to deliver further cost reductions and footprint consolidation in 2021. On the second pillar of investing for growth, we continue to identify opportunities to expand in the industrial sector and increase our condition monitoring and asset management offerings. We recently won awards in our DS segment that encompass our full suite of industrial asset management and digital capabilities and we are having promising discussions for future awards in both the oil and gas and industrial sectors. We also continue to see good traction with our non-metallic offerings, where we broke ground on our facility in Saudi Arabia with our partner Saudi Aramco and will soon be completing our new facility in Houston. On the third pillar of positioning for new frontiers, we continue to evaluate multiple concepts and business models across the CCUS, hydrogen, and energy storage value chains. We see several opportunities to deploy our existing technologies or add to our offering through targeted investments and bolt-on acquisitions. In CCUS, we acquired Compact Carbon Capture, or 3C, in November. 3C is an early-stage carbon capture technology that offers a 75% smaller footprint and lower CapEx requirements compared to what is available today. In hydrogen, we are seeing positive momentum with our product offerings and remain engaged with several customers across a wide range of industries to advance their hydrogen projects. As we execute on these three strategic pillars and our broader evolution as an energy technology company, we are committed to operating in a disciplined manner that prioritizes free cash flow and returns above our cost of capital. Now, I will give you an update on each of our segments. In our Oilfield Services business, activity has stabilized globally with modest improvement in select areas and positive signs for further improvement across multiple regions over the course of 2021. In the international markets, the decline in fourth quarter activity was mostly in line with our expectations, aside from some additional softness in the Middle East that developed late in the year. For 2021, our view remains largely intact with a modest recovery in the second-half across several low-cost basins. Looking across different geographies, we expect a solid recovery to continue in Latin America off depressed levels, modest improvement in the North Sea and Russia, and the potential for a modest second-half recovery in the Middle East. In North America, a solid year-end improvement in drilling and completion activity outweighed typical fourth quarter seasonality. Looking into 2021, we expect further improvements in drilling activity over the first-half of the year as public E&Ps begin to add back rigs. Although the rig count is moving higher, we believe that the commitment towards capital discipline and maintenance mode spending remains intact. While we are pleased to see that the outlook for OFS is gradually improving, our primary focus remains on increasing the margin and return profile of this business through improved operating efficiency and portfolio actions. During 2020, we executed on our cost-out actions in OFS and continue to work through multiple work streams to further reduce our cost structure. This includes a plan to reduce our rooftops by over 100 facilities in 2021 and shutdown completions-related operations in select countries in Latin America and Africa. Overall, we believe that OFS operating margins remain on track to reach double digits in the coming years following the significant structural cost reductions in 2020, and as we institutionalize both remote operations and better operating processes. Moving to TPS, our focus remains on executing the significant backlog of LNG projects awarded in recent years, continuing to grow our aftermarket services offering, driving growth in our valves business, and capitalizing on attractive opportunities in the new energy space. During the quarter, we booked an additional award for power generation for the North Field East LNG project in Qatar. This follows the main refrigerant compression award we booked in the third quarter. For the LNG market overall, our long-term outlook for demand growth remains intact. The recent increase in LNG spot prices has solidified a similar view for many of our customers and improved momentum for a number of projects. As a result, we continue to expect that three to four projects are likely to move forward in 2021, followed by a robust pipeline of LNG projects that we expect to reach FID beyond 2021. In our pipeline and gas processing segment, we secured an award with South Gas Company in Iraq for the design, manufacture and construction of an integrated natural gas processing and production facility. An important part of this project is the supply of compression equipment and digital monitoring systems that will enable the re-use of previously flared natural gas, which is estimated to reduce Iraq's carbon emissions by roughly 6 million tons annually. This award highlights our broad capabilities as we seek to deliver a diverse range of decarbonization solutions for our customers. For TPS Services, we are optimistic about the outlook for recovery in 2021 and 2022 after a difficult year in 2020, as customers resume spending to maintain and, in some instances, upgrade their equipment. While our contractual services business has remained resilient through the recent market turbulence, we expect growth to be led by a recovery in transactional services and upgrades, areas that were particularly impacted during the pandemic. On a longer-term basis, we are excited by recent traction for upgrade opportunities as customers look to decarbonize and improve the efficiency of their equipment. Next, on Oilfield Equipment, we executed on our cost-out efforts and have taken several portfolio actions over the course of 2020. We continue to focus on right-sizing the business and optimizing the portfolio in the face of a challenging offshore market environment. In the fourth quarter, we won an order from Eni for the Agogo field in Angola. The project includes several solutions from our Subsea Connect suite of technologies, including multiple subsea trees, wellheads, and manifolds. With Brent prices returning to the $50s and a more optimistic view for oil demand over the next few years, we see the outlook for industry subsea tree awards improving modestly in 2021, though still well below 2019 levels. As we look out longer term, we believe that deepwater activity will be increasingly dominated by low cost basins and that it will be difficult to sustain 2019 industry order levels for the foreseeable future. Finally, in Digital Solutions, the oil and gas and aerospace end markets remain challenging. However, we have seen some recovery in industrial end markets outside of aerospace, in line with the rebound in the global economy. In the fourth quarter, we were awarded several projects that demonstrate our capabilities in industrial asset management. We secured an extension to a previously awarded project with Petrobras. We will provide a suite of digital solutions and services to optimize productivity, reduce operational and safety risks, and lower carbon emissions across Petrobras sites. Our Bently Nevada business secured a contract with a major hydroelectric operator in the U.S. to provide Orbit 60, System 1 software and a five-year services agreement for industrial asset management across multiple dams. Bently Nevada also secured a fleetwide contract with the American Energy Power to deploy System 1 software, remote monitoring and analytical services to diagnose machinery issues in real-time. These wins are an example of our deep domain expertise in industrial asset management. Going forward, we see significant opportunities to apply these capabilities in the oil and gas sector, and we believe that these core competencies are also applicable to a number of industrial sectors. Overall, we executed well in 2020 against the challenges of the global pandemic and the industry downturn, delivering strong free cash flow and executing on our cost-out programs. Baker Hughes is well placed to navigate the current market environment and positioned to lead the energy transition. We remain focused on executing for customers, being disciplined on cost and delivering for our shareholders. With that, I will turn the call over to Brian.
Brian Worrell: Thanks, Lorenzo. I will begin with the total company results and then move into the segment details. Orders for the quarter were $5.2 billion, up 2% sequentially driven by OFE and Digital Solutions, partially offset by declines in OFS and TPS. Year-over-year, orders were down 25%, with declines in all four segments. Remaining Performance Obligation was $23.4 billion, up 2% sequentially. Equipment RPO ended at $8 billion, down 3% sequentially and services RPO ended at $15.4 billion, up 5% sequentially. Our total company book-to-bill ratio in the quarter was 0.9 and our equipment book-to-bill in the quarter was 0.9. Revenue for the quarter was $5.5 billion, up 9% sequentially, driven by TPS and Digital Solutions, partially offset by low single-digit declines in OFS and OFE. Year-over-year, revenue was down 13%, driven by declines in OFS, OFE, and Digital Solutions, partially offset by an increase in TPS. Operating income for the quarter was $182 million. Adjusted operating income was $462 million, which excludes $281 million of restructuring, separation, and other charges. Adjusted operating income was up 98% sequentially and down 15% year-over-year. Our adjusted operating income rate for the quarter was 8.4%, up 380 basis points sequentially. We are particularly pleased with the margin improvement in the fourth quarter, which was largely driven by strong execution on our restructuring actions and improvements in operating productivity. Corporate costs were $111 million in the quarter. For the first quarter, we expect corporate costs to be roughly flat with fourth quarter levels. Depreciation and amortization expense was $307 million in the quarter. For the first quarter, we expect D&A to decline slightly from fourth quarter levels and gradually decline through the year. Income tax expense in the quarter was $568 million, driven by our geographic mix of earnings, a valuation allowance tax expense of $225 million, and a $91 million tax expense related to business dispositions. Although we expect our book tax rate to remain elevated in 2021, we expect our cash taxes to decline. Diluted GAAP earnings per share were $0.91. Included in diluted GAAP earnings per share is a $1.4 billion gain on our investment in C3.ai, recorded in other non-operating income. We invested $69 million in C3.ai when we formed our partnership in June 2019. In December, C3 completed its IPO, which requires us to mark our investment to fair value. Since our C3 investment is recorded as a marketable security on our balance sheet, the change in fair value will be reflected in the other non-operating income line on a quarterly basis going forward. While we are very pleased with our investment, we are equally as pleased with our strong partnership with C3 as we develop and market new AI solutions for the oil and gas industry. We also view our unique C3 partnership as a good example of our capital allocation philosophy as we invest in new technology frontiers and energy transition. Adjusted loss per share was $0.07. Included in adjusted loss per share are the valuation allowance tax expenses mentioned earlier. Turning to the cash flow statement, free cash flow in the quarter was $250 million. This was driven by an improvement in sequential operating results and modestly lower net CapEx. Free cash flow for the fourth quarter includes $189 million of cash payments related to restructuring and separation activities. For the first quarter, we expect free cash flow to decline sequentially primarily due to seasonality. When I look at the total year 2020, I am pleased with our financial results considering the disruptions in the global economy, the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic, the significant restructuring that we executed over the year, and the number of corporate transactions that we completed. Orders of $20.7 billion for the full-year were down 23% in 2020, driven by declines in all segments. Total company book-to-bill was 1 in the year. Total year revenue of $20.7 billion was down 13%. OFS was down 21% and DS declined 19%, partially offset by an increase of 3% in TPS. Adjusted operating income of $1 billion was down 35% in the year; with total company adjusted operating income margins declining 170 basis points, mostly driven by volume declines in OFS and DS. Corporate costs for the year were $464 million. For 2021, we expect corporate expenses to decline versus 2020. Our cost-out efforts and lower separation costs should lead to a gradual reduction in quarterly corporate expenses over the course of the year. During 2020, we exceeded our goal of $700 million in annualized cost savings with the majority coming out in the second half of the year, and the average cash payback of our restructuring actions has been less than one year. In addition to restructuring, we completed the sale of three businesses in 2020, including SPC Flow in the fourth quarter. These dispositions are in line with our strategy to exit businesses that do not meet our return requirements and are aligned with our broader portfolio evolution objectives. Overall, we believe that the actions taken in 2020 have greatly improved our global operations and help to lay the groundwork for further improvement in our margin and return profile in the coming years. For the full-year, we generated $518 million of free cash flow. We are pleased with our performance as our capital discipline, cost-out initiatives, and working capital release helped to offset lower operating results and $670 million in cash restructuring and separation costs incurred during the year. In order to achieve some of our cost-out initiatives in 2021, we booked restructuring and impairment charges of $256 million in the fourth quarter, with an expected cash payback of less than one year. Following our cost rationalization actions in 2020, this next phase is primarily associated with optimizing our structural cost, most notably reducing our facilities footprint to align with our broader business transformation objectives. For 2021, we expect free cash flow to improve significantly versus 2020 and to approach historical levels, largely driven by higher operating income; modestly lower CapEx, and significantly lower restructuring and separation cash expenditures. Now I will walk you through the segment results in more detail and give you our thoughts on the outlook going forward. In Oilfield Services, the team delivered a strong quarter to close out a challenging year in the market. OFS revenue in the quarter was $2.3 billion, down 1% sequentially. International revenue was down 5% sequentially led by declines in Asia Pacific, the North Sea, and the Middle East. North America revenue increased 11% sequentially due to solid growth in both the North American land and offshore markets. Operating income in the quarter was $142 million, a 53% increase sequentially and a 220 basis point improvement in margin rate. The improvement in margin was driven by our restructuring and cost-out initiatives as well as favorable product mix. As we look ahead to the first quarter, we expect to see typical seasonal softness during the quarter even though international drilling activity has largely stabilized. As a result, we expect our first quarter international revenue to decline modestly on a sequential basis. In North America, we expect the recent momentum in drilling and completion activity in the U.S. land segment to continue into the first half of 2021 as operators refresh spending budgets. As a result, we expect a modest sequential increase in North American OFS revenues. Although we should benefit from our cost-out initiatives, margin rates may decline modestly in the first quarter due to international seasonality and fewer product sales. For the full-year 2021, our expectations are largely in line with the view we shared in October on our third quarter earnings call. Internationally, we expect activity levels to stabilize and remain relatively unchanged for the first half of 2021. We currently anticipate a second half recovery in activity across multiple regions. However, we still expect that our international revenue will be down in the mid-single-digit range on a year-over-year basis. The recent increase in commodity prices and the redeployment of budgets have improved the near-term outlook in North America. At the moment though, activity in the back half of the year remains less clear. As a result, we believe that drilling and completion activity in North America is also likely to be down in the mid-single-digits on a year-over-year basis. Although OFS revenue will likely be down modestly for full-year, we believe that our cost-out actions should still translate to a strong improvement in OFS margin in 2021. Moving to Oilfield Equipment, orders in the quarter were $561 million, down 49% year-over- year, and up 30% sequentially. The sequential improvement in orders was driven by the Eni Agogo award and a strong performance by our SPC Projects segment, specifically in the Middle East, which helped offset a sequential decline in Flexibles orders. Revenue was $712 million, down 7% year-over-year. Revenue declines in Subsea Services and Subsea Drilling Systems were offset by growth in SPS and Flexibles. Operating income was $23 million, a 47% improvement year-over-year. This was driven by higher volume in SPS and Flexibles along with help from our cost-out program, which was partially offset by softness in services activity. For the first quarter, we expect revenue to decrease sequentially driven by lower SPS and Flexibles backlog conversion. We expect operating income to also decline sequentially but remain in positive territory primarily based on our cost-out initiatives. For the full-year 2021, we expect the offshore markets to remain challenged as operators reassess their portfolios and project selection. We expect OFE revenue to be down double-digits on a year-over-year basis due to the lower order intake in 2020 and a likely continuation of a difficult offshore environment in 2021. Although revenue is likely to be down in 2021, our goal is to maintain positive operating income as our cost-out efforts should offset the decline in volume. Next, I will cover Turbomachinery. The team delivered another strong quarter with solid execution. Orders in the quarter were $1.8 billion, down 4% year-over-year. Equipment orders were down 10% year-over-year. We were pleased with another solid quarter of bookings for TPS despite the challenging environment. Orders this quarter were supported by awards for the Iraq flare gas project and power generation units for Qatar Petroleum's NFE project. Service orders in the quarter were up 2% year-over-year, driven by growth in Contractual Services. Revenue for the quarter was $1.9 billion, up 19% versus the prior year. Equipment revenue was up 67% as we continue to execute on our LNG and Onshore/Offshore production backlog. Services revenue was down 11% versus the prior year. Operating income for TPS was $332 million, up 9% year-over-year, driven by higher volume and strong execution on cost productivity. Operating margin was 17.1%, down 160 basis points year-over-year largely driven by a higher mix of equipment revenue. For the first quarter, we expect revenue to decline sequentially roughly in line with the last couple of years. Based on this revenue outlook, we expect TPS operating income to grow year-over-year but expect margin rates to be roughly flat versus the first quarter of 2020 due to a higher mix of equipment revenue. For the full-year 2021, we expect to generate solid year-over-year revenue growth, driven by the conversion of our current equipment backlog and a modest increase in TPS Service revenues. Although a higher mix of equipment revenue may be a slight headwind for growth in margin rates next year, we still expect solid growth in operating income based on higher volume. Finally, in Digital Solutions, orders for the quarter were $528 million, down 18% year-over-year. We saw declines in orders across most end-markets, most notably transportation, oil and gas, and industrial. Sequentially, orders were up 7% driven by seasonality in power and some improvements in transportation. Revenue for the quarter was $556 million, down 16% year-over-year due to lower volumes across all DS product lines, with the largest declines in Waygate and Reuter Stokes. Sequentially, revenue was up 10% as some industrial end markets begin to recover. Operating income for the quarter was $76 million, down 30% year-over-year driven by lower volume. Sequentially, operating income was up 66% driven by higher volume across all product lines and cost productivity. For the first quarter, we expect to see sequential revenue declines in line with typical seasonality and operating margin rates back into the single-digits. Looking into 2021, we expect a modest increase in revenue on a year-over-year basis, primarily driven by a recovery in industrial end markets. With higher volumes and the benefit of our cost-out program, we believe DS margin rates can get back to low double-digits for the full-year. Overall, I am pleased with the execution in the fourth quarter and the total year amid a difficult macroeconomic backdrop. While 2021 may have some challenges, we are confident in our strategy and our ability to execute. We remain focused on free cash flow and improving margins and financial returns. With that, I will turn the call back over to Jud.
Jud Bailey: Thanks, Brian. Operator, let's open it up for questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions]. Our first question comes from Sean Meakim with JPMorgan. You may proceed with your question.
Sean Meakim: Thank you. Hey, good morning.
Lorenzo Simonelli: Hey, Sean.
Sean Meakim: So to start off, Id like to dig in the free cash flow a bit more if we could. A really good result in the fourth quarter, especially without any working capital help. It looks like good momentum into 2021. So lots of moving pieces between 2021 versus 2020, Brian touched on it in his comments. So core operational cash flow should improve. Were going to lap the severance and restructuring charges, but working capital progress payment tailwinds dont likely recur, CapEx should be pretty restrained, cash taxes probably help a little bit. So, all in, dividend cover shouldn't be an issue. Is there any reason why we shouldn't translate that into free cash flow, north of $1 billion in 2021?
Brian Worrell: Yes, Sean. Look, youve got the right pieces there, and just to elaborate a little bit further on that. I did say earlier I would expect free cash flow to get back to historical levels, sort of 2018, 2019 level. And you hit on a couple. Based on how were seeing things play out right now, should see higher earnings as you mentioned. CapEx specifically, I would expect a modest decline versus what we saw in 2020, assuming similar activity levels and what we're seeing right now. Working capital specifically based on what I'm seeing now, Sean, I'd say, it should be neutral or a modest source of cash in 2021. And I think it really depends on OFS activity levels and how progress payments play out from new orders in turbo and OFE. As I also mentioned, while we expect earnings to be higher, do expect cash taxes to decline as we expect some refunds to come in, in 2021, so that should be a tailwind as you mentioned. And look, the largest changes is really the cash restructuring and separation charges, which will reduce material in 2021. So overall, that increase in earnings, the upside from cash restructuring should support material improvement. I feel good about the process improvements we've made. The teams are all over this, it's a key metric in all of our performance metrics and are pleased with the performance there and have got a pretty good construct for 2021.
Sean Meakim: Understood. I appreciate that feedback. I'd also like to touch on the TPS order trajectory. So good inbound across the board. The TPS was the most resilient. You had some nice awards that you called out. We're off about 25% year-on-year in 2020, not a surprise given the pandemic and 2019 was quite strong. This is a very common debate today among investors the trajectory of awards for this business, particularly as LNG sentiment has soured of late and hydrogen expectations have gone hyperbolic. So can we just talk about your expectations for keeping your book-to-bill at or above one time in 2021 and beyond? I'm thinking about just kind of a buildup of awards in the next few years, you've got kind of a base of service awards, youve got line of sight of equipment awards, may be in downstream and then smaller versus larger LNG opportunities?
Lorenzo Simonelli: Yes, Sean. Overall, we think that the order outlook for 2021 and 2022 is roughly similar to what we booked in 2020. The mix could slightly change year-over-year. As you mentioned on the LNG side, we saw some good bookings in 2020 and we are seeing continued momentum in 2021 with, again, expecting three to four projects that will move towards FID in 2021. But also followed by a robust pipeline of LNG projects that continue to reach FID beyond 2021. So again, conversations with customers given that the current pricing have continued to be positive. And as you look at it from a demand perspective, we continue to believe LNG demand increases as we go forward. Outside of LNG equipment, the opportunity set for 2021 seems roughly the same as what we saw in 2020. There could be some mix movement between onshore/offshore and valves and other areas, but the opportunity is roughly the same. And as you said, we are seeing increased traction on CCUS as well as hydrogen and with the continuing theme of the energy transition, a lot of customer discussions. On services, we're optimistic about the outlook for 2021 and 2022 as customers resume their maintenance activity and also with the opportunity to continue to focus on upgrades of their equipment. So we think TPS services has been underappreciated in the decarbonization theme and there is potential there for increase in 2021, 2022. So, again, overall 2021, 2022 roughly similar to 2020.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from James West with Evercore ISI. You may proceed with your question.
James West: Hey, good morning, guys.
Lorenzo Simonelli: Hi, James.
James West: Yes. Lorenzo, I noticed you had in the release and in your commentary, a number of pretty significant wins in the Digital Solutions business, particularly on the industrial side of the business. Could you perhaps elaborate a bit more on  I know this is a key part of the strategy to move into other verticals, industrial being a key one of those? Could you elaborate on kind of what youre seeing, what the trends are there and how much further we potentially have to go?
Lorenzo Simonelli: Yes, James. I think you've seen that on the industrial landscape, a number of companies are looking to commit to net zero and you've seen that propensity increase. And when you look at our portfolio, we've got an opportunity in that second pillar of invest for growth, really to aid them in decreasing their carbon footprint, helping them to decarbonize. So you look at areas of pulp and paper, you look at areas of cement, you look at food and beverage, also mining. That's where we are seeing an increased opportunity and it's very much in line with the strategy that we're executing to provide from the existing portfolio of industrial gas turbines, valves, pumps, as well as then condition monitoring and asset management. And that relationship also we have with C3 on the side of digital helps us. So, we are seeing increased intensity from the customer discussions and this is very much in line with the way in which we are transforming the company.
James West: Right. Okay. Well, then maybe a follow-up to that. CCUS is becoming a hot topic, something we've discussed and Rod and I discussed recently. Could you maybe give your thoughts on kind of the near-term outlook for carbon capture and maybe the longer-term themes? From my perspective, it seems like the main mitigates and pathway as we go carbon-neutral, but it hasn't been adopted as rapidly as maybe one would have thought.
Lorenzo Simonelli: Yes, James. And we've been involved in carbon capture for some time and you've seen some of the recent announcements where some of the LNG projects are looking to, again, mitigate some of the CO2 emissions. And we feel confident about the outlook for the market of CCUS and we're in dialogue with a number of customers. We're actually involved in over 20 trials at the moment. And thats also one of the key reasons why we acquired in November 3C, Compact Carbon Capture, because we see the opportunity of the smaller footprint equipment being very useful there. As you look at it, the IEA already said that there's going to be an increased requirement of carbon capture and from 40 million tons today up to 750 million tons by 2030 and then also to 2.4 billion tons by 2050. So hard to give you a precise number, but clearly it's an important part of the portfolio as it continues to grow and we expect to see orders coming through in the next one to three years. And I would agree with you, it is the area that probably fast moves and then followed by hydrogen and others, but it's clearly something that customers are looking at already.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Angie Sedita with Goldman Sachs. You may proceed with your question.
Angie Sedita: Hi. So on the international markets, Lorenzo. I don't know if you have additional color around your outlook, right? You most spoke to the tepid recovery to start the year and gaining momentum into year-end and stronger growth up to 2022, but maybe you could talk about the pace of activity for 2021, E&P spending, outlook customer, dialogue? And then, what is the degree of your visibility into the level of activity for 2022.
Lorenzo Simonelli: Yes, Angie. And as we mentioned, we expect activity levels to stabilize and remain relatively unchanged for the first half of 2021. We do expect an increase in the second half from a recovery in the activity across multiple regions. That framework obviously is based on our current thinking that there is no material impact from the virus ongoing and lockdowns or maintain to a minimum, which obviously would impact that framework if it changes. But looking at the geographies, we expect a solid recovery to continue in Latin America after depressed levels. Also some modest improvement in the North Sea and Russia. And also in the Middle East, a potential second half recovery as things start to improve there. On the offshore markets, similarly mixed, some improvement in areas like Brazil and Norway, but also, as we look at some stagnant areas in West Africa. So as we look at international, I think, we still expect that our international revenue will be down in the mid-to-single digit range on a year-over-year basis with an uplift in the second half. 2020, likely to be a stronger year just given the macro assumptions that were seeing. 2022 is  sorry.
Angie Sedita: Yes. I have to figure that out. Helpful. I appreciate that Lorenzo. So onto OFS margins. Good to hear theres more to be done on the cost-out program. And I assume potentially further a realignment of the portfolio. So maybe, Brian, is there additional color around the path of margins for 2021. And maybe even thoughts around the exit rate given the cost-out efforts? And then even color around the realization of double-digit margins? Is there a possibility by late 2022.
Brian Worrell: Yes, Angie, just to give you a little more color as I think about the year. I mean, first, the team has done, I think, a great job in terms of responding to the environment and really realizing the benefits of multiple years of work to transform the business in the way it operates. And specifically around the first quarter, as I mentioned, margin rate could be down slightly based on seasonality and lower product sales. But the decline in volume and mix should be partially offset by the cost-out benefits that we've already seen come through that we'll carryover, as well as additional cost benefits that will come through in the first quarter. And then beyond the first quarter, I'm feeling good about the margin accretion that we should see as volume recovers seasonally in the second quarter. And then with any back half recovery in activity. So, youve got all the restructuring efforts that have started to show benefits and you see that in the margin rate here in the fourth quarter. And you've got the incremental benefits that will be coming through as we continue to execute on the programs that we just announced. And if I think about the exit rate and how to think about the business performance here, assuming there is no unexpected change in product or geographic mix, Angie, we should be in the high-single-digits by fourth quarter with a shot at reaching double-digits depending on volume. And I think the team has shown that they've been executing and having some upside in these restructuring program. So I think that's a tailwind for how to think about OFS and feel good about the margin trajectory.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Chase Mulvehill with Bank of America. You may proceed with your question.
Chase Mulvehill: Hi. I guess, I just wanted to kind of come back to the LNG topics, prices are pretty strong today. And so just kind of want to understand what impact this is having on the LNG business? And maybe you can first kind of talked to the impact it's having on the order front, as youre having conversations with some of your customers. And then, secondly, you talked to it and you spoke to it a little bit on the service side, I'd assume that stronger LNG prices are have a rather positive impact on some of the transactional and upgrade services, you mentioned that previously. But if we look at the model, I think 2020 service revenues are about $400 million below kind of 2019 levels. So given stronger LNG prices, when do you think we can get back that $400 million that we lost last year on the service side.
Lorenzo Simonelli: Chase. I'll kick it off here. And just give you a view of the LNG outlook. And we mentioned that, again, we were pleased with the resilience that we saw in 2020. And again, we continue to see that the demand for LNG increases, in particular, in Asia and also if you see coal to gas continuing to shift. And as we look at this year, again, we see three to four projects moving towards FID. And the current discussions with customers are ongoing. And as we look at beyond 2021, again, we see a number of projects solidifying going out. As you look at it from a longer-term perspective, by 2030 we still need to have capacity of approximately 650 to 700 million tons of LNG in place. And so you're looking at 50 tons to 100 million tons FID over the course of next three to four years. So we feel that that trajectory is very much in place and feel good about our opportunities in this space continuing.
Brian Worrell: Yes. And Chase, specifically around services as it relates to LNG. Id remind you that the overwhelming majority of LNG services are on these contractual services agreement. And that that revenue has pretty much played out as we expected it to play out this year. So the LNG service isn't really impacted as much by some of the shorter term and in year dynamics that you see in other parts of the portfolio. I will say though, longer term for LNG service and CSA's, as we're booking these new orders and things start to come online you will see more contractual service agreement come into the RPO and you did see RPO grow in the quarter. And thats really on the back of CSA's and LNG. As I said, the overwhelming majority sign-up for these long-term service agreement. Taking a step back though, and looking at overall TPS services and how I think about getting back to the 2019 baseline. I give it a wide timeframe, maybe over the next two to three years. As I said, CSA revenue has been pretty resilient. And we've got good visibility, they are given the nature of those contracts and how we operate those. Transactional services should see some recovery as customers really stopped delaying maintenance activity and deciding when it normalizes back to 2019 levels is difficult, but we do expect some tailwinds this year based on what we're hearing from customers. And I'd say, Chase, that probably the most difficult bucket of revenue to predict is upgrades, which is truly discretionary in nature and is usually one of the first items that operators cut. So I'd say, if budget constraints remain in place, it could take upgrades a little while to get back to 2019 levels. Again, we are seeing customers talk about upgrades for various reasons, performance, better cost positioning, and then also some of the carbon capture areas that Lorenzo mentioned. So thats why I'd say the visibility is a bit less clear in that area when I say about two to three years on getting back to 2019 levels.
Chase Mulvehill: Okay. Helpful there. If we can shift gears a little bit and talk about BHC3. Maybe a little update here, we saw some nice awards in the press release and obviously C3 had a really nice IPO. And so, could you talk about the success that you're having on the external opportunity side and maybe also hit briefly kind of where you are, kind of fully exploiting, kind of AI across your enterprise.
Lorenzo Simonelli: Very pleased with where we are on the C3 relationship, and I think its really just over a year that we've entered into this partnership. Put aside the IPO, because this is really a strategic relationship and partnership that we have for an increasing theme of providing artificial intelligence to our customer base across the energy landscape. We are seeing a number of applications that weve put onto the marketplace. You've seen the awards that have happened in Asia as well as Latin America. And the drive for our productivity, the drive for reducing non-productive time really aids the element of introducing artificial intelligence and the platform that C3 has in place. So were continuing to see good traction with our customer base and we think that will continue with the drive towards reducing unplanned downtime. Internally, we're taking the artificial intelligence and utilizing it within our process improvements of inventory, some of our internal processes, as well as then also on our manufacturing base. Looking at our own equipment, and increasingly also looking at some of the services that we provide to our customers as we look at with drilling et cetera and seeing how we take the different information and anticipate, again, excretions that are taking place in some of the services we provide. So this is an opportunity that continues to grow very committed to the partnership. I'm happy with how its proceeding.
Brian Worrell: Yes. And, hey, Chase, Id just add one thing, there is some exciting developments starting out that we're seeing some opportunities to pull through our own offerings with the sale of C3 AI software. And I'd say the most promising opportunities near term are around condition-based monitoring solutions and with our M&D services for ESPs. So look, we see an opportunity to expand the value that we can provide our customer base by expanding our advisory service offerings alongside that C3 portfolio. So as we continue to work with the teams, we are, again, starting to see some of the opportunities play out that we were exploring when we made this investment. So we're in early stages here and I think long-term this is going to continue to be a great partnership.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from David Anderson with Barclays. You may proceed with your question.
David Anderson: Hi, good morning Lorenzo. A couple of questions around your investing for growth pillar there. So as I think about global oil demand recovering over the next few years. I would think youre artificial lift and chemicals businesses would benefit most. Are you looking to kind of build these out more with that in mind? I mean, you mentioned the chemicals facility billing in Asia, I was wondering just kind of talk about some of those longer cycle businesses. Because you have more exposure than your peers. So Im just wondering if this is an area that youre thinking about further for more investment.
Lorenzo Simonelli: David, look, we like our positioning on the production and chemical side. And as you say from the artificial lift side, again, oil demand improves, we feel good about our ESPs, we feel good about the technology we have in place and we will continue to grow that product line. On the chemical side, yes, weve actually announced investments both in Asia and Singapore and also in the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia and we see the opportunity of chemicals continuing to increase, especially as you look at enhanced oil recovery, but also an opportunity to go further into the downstream with our chemicals business as well. So both of those areas are, as you look at growth trajectory, we feel good about the prospects going forward.
David Anderson: And then sticking on to the investment for growth. You touched on it before about your digital business, the digital segment and how the mix is shifting there. If we think about the new bio administration coming in, methane release is sure to be a big topic up there. You have a number of products within there that could really fit in there. Are your customers starting to talk about that yet? And can you just kind of talk about how that market could develop for you over the next few years? It seems like it's kind of low hanging fruit for Biden right now?
Lorenzo Simonelli: Yes. Dave we are seeing increased traction from the customer base, and irrespective of the administration, just the whole aspect of emissions management and people focusing on the emissions. You saw it happen earlier also during the Obama administration, now with the conversations with our customers we've got the technology in place. It'll be drone-base, we got the Senses [ph], Newmen. So again conversations are increasing with our customers, and its both a point solution as well as a service that we can provide. So, we see an opportunity as we look at energy transition to really help our customers decrease their emissions.
Brian Worrell: Yes. Dave, I just add here to the Lorenzo point. Shell has publicly stated that theyre working with us with -- on our Lumen technology and weve got both Lumen Terrain which is continuous monitoring for methane emissions. And as Lorenzo mentioned, weve got Lumen Sky, which is aerial and drone base. So we can do fleet wide, we can drill down into particular asset, we can quantify leakage, identify where its actually occurring. And look, this is a much better technology than traditional ways for trying to determine if there are methane leaks, because they can be quite destructive and less accurate. And as you know, methane is around 80 times worse for the environment than carbon emissions. So this is an area that is important in the world. And we think weve got a great offering and do expect to see more uptick to that in the coming years.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Kurt Hallead with RBC. You may proceed with your question.
Kurt Hallead: Hey, thanks for that. Thanks for that great summary. So I'm really want continue on the concept you're investing for growth in the energy transition and then talk about the carbon capture, both in terms of -- is there any way that you can help the investor base kind of quantify what you're currently generating in terms of revenue from that CCUS business? Maybe that's one. And then more importantly right, can you give us some general sense as to what you see, Lorenzo, in terms of the potential total addressable market for these specific products and services that Baker Hughes is currently providing?
Brian Worrell: Yes. Kurt, look, I'll start out here. I'd say, if you look at revenue today, depending on how you define energy transition. There's a lot in our portfolio that supports that. But things like carbon capture, hydrogen energy storage relatively small in terms of revenue base for each of the product companies. So look, the way I think about it is -- Lorenzo has talked about it, carbon capture is probably the first area where you'll start to see some meaningful revenue come through over the next few years. We are in pilot projects around the world. We've just made a technology acquisition in 3C. So lots of activities there. As weve talked about on earlier calls, we are in hydrogen today and have been in hydrogen for decades. Basically elementary uses for hydrogen in our compression technology. So we're starting to see discussions there with customers and same thing on the energy storage front. So, the way I think about it is, they will be some of the faster growing areas, particularly in turbo machinery and in digital solutions as we build out condition-based monitors and monitoring and sensing technology around that. So I think they will be -- they will be things that will make turbo machinery go fast -- grow faster because of these new offerings. So look, I think the piece that how it happens will really depend on market acceptance and the overall economics of these projects, but I'd say, in the short-term carbon capture is the best opportunity in the next one to three years.
Lorenzo Simonelli: Yes. Kurt, if you look at it, and again, just look at whats happening around the world. Youve got all of these countries that are now committing to net zero; you've got companies that are committing to net zero and even negative net zero. And again to put a precise number on it, it's difficult at this stage. But when you look at the portfolio we have, when you look at the hydrogen discussions we're having as well as CCUS, this will be an area of growth for us and it's very much in line with our strategy. So in the investor growth as well as the new frontiers. And that's why you're seeing us take some of the smaller technology bets that we've taken and we'll continue to do that. But I feel very good that we're at a pivotal point in time where this energy transition and also the move towards these new technologies will continue to accelerate.
Kurt Hallead: That's great. I appreciate that. And just one follow-up. Brian, on your part. Just want to clarify one thing. Is that you'd have a substantially higher free cash flow in 2021 than 2020. But I wasn't quite clear as to whether or not you thought that free cash flow would be sufficient to cover the dividend in fall.
Brian Worrell: Kurt, as I mentioned, I -- based on what Im seeing today, I would expect it to be back at levels in line with 2018 and 2019. And if you recall, we were well in excess of covering our dividend in those year. So again, I think the process improvement, the way were running the business and the framework supports strong free cash flow in 2021.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Marc Bianchi with Cowen. You may proceed with your question.
Marc Bianchi: Thank you. I'd like to follow up a bit on the energy transition and carbon capture stuff that you mentioned so far in this call. My sense is that, most of your offering revolves around kind of the compression equipment that you have and some of the other stuff in Turbomachinery. But as we think about how Baker wants to participate in these markets, what are the missing pieces of the portfolio, if any? And what would be a reasonable timeline for you to build-out that capability either organically or through M&A.
Lorenzo Simonelli: So Marc, maybe just take a step back, as carbon capture has been taking place already and we are involved, as you mentioned from the compression standpoint, there is projects in Australia, projects in the Middle East where we're active. And as we go-forward, we see ourselves playing in some of the key areas of post-combustion capture, consulting and reservoir evaluation and design the compression, but also the subsurface storage services like well construction, reservoir modeling and longtime integrity and monitoring. If you look at our portfolio, those are capabilities that we have. So, really it's more than just compression. But again, this is something that over the course of next two to three years, we continue to see expanding. We mentioned we're in 20 trials already and we're seeing increased interest from our customer base on CCUS.
Brian Worrell: And Marc, I'd say, specifically the technology acquisition that we just talked about earlier 3C, we believe that this is pioneering technology and it's currently the pilot stage. And it was incubated with some key partners, including Equinor and we believe that we can accelerate that technology and commercialize it. And look, we think the differentiation is important versus traditional carbon capture that Lorenzo had talked about. I mean our technology now uses rotating beds versus static columns, solvents are distributed in a compact and modularize format. And so that combination allows us to have a 75% reduction in footprint, leading to lower CapEx and lower OpEx solution. So again, our manufacturing know-how, our technology know-how with this new technology that was developed, I think is what's going to help us become a leader or continue to be a leader in this space. And combine that with our turbine machinery business and what we have to offer there with all the things that come in from Digital Solutions, we think we already have a very powerful offering in this space and can start to show some progress with our customers. And there is, obviously, as you would imagine, a lot of conversations in this area.
Marc Bianchi: Right. Yes. Thanks for that. The other one I had was on the CSA service within TPS. If I just sort of look at historical LNG capacity installations, it would appear there is quite a large increase of sort of facilities that have been up and running for five years as we enter 2021. So, I was surprised to hear that that piece of the service business within TPS isn't going to be inflecting here. Could you maybe talk to how you see that playing out? And maybe why that might not be inflecting in 2021?
Lorenzo Simonelli: Yes. Look, as I said, we've got really good visibility into how that portfolio performs and the devil is always in the details, Marc, in terms of when outage is actually happened and when these major event happens. And it really depends on how that equipment is operating, the environment that it's operating within and the type of gas. And the whole attractiveness of the CSA portfolio is pretty known cash flows for customers and kind of a known view of our cash flows as well. So based on what were seeing right now in terms of working with customers and the particular machines and the outages, thats what were basing that view on. There is always room for things to move around sort of plus or minus six months. So it could be an area where we could potentially see some upside come through. But right now based on what Im seeing, I feel confident with what we said in terms of how we view that space in 2021.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Jacob Lundberg with Credit Suisse. You may proceed with your question.
Jacob Lundberg: Hey, good morning. And thanks for squeezing me in.
Lorenzo Simonelli: Hi, Jack.
Jacob Lundberg: Hi. Good morning. I wanted to spend some time just on your efforts and strategy to grow the industrial business. Could you just sort of expand on the opportunity set that youre looking at with respect to expanding in the industrial sector through Industrial Asset Management please?
Lorenzo Simonelli: Yes. Jack, again, if you go back to what we're seeing happen around the world. A lot of industries are focused on reducing emissions and also net zero goals. So as you look at cement industry, you look at pulp and paper, you look at food and beverage, light industrial. These are all areas where energy is consumed today and the emissions are actually produced. And we've got capabilities within our portfolio to actually help them on their decarbonization journey, emissions management. When you look at our Digital Solutions, as well as our TPS portfolio, youve got industrial gas turbines which we introduced, you got valves, youve got pumps, youve got condition monitoring. So its really an adjacency associated with invest for growth, where commercially we can go out and help our customers in the industrial sector continue to meet their goals and ambitions around net zero. So we feel that its an opportunity for us and part of our strategic aspect of working across the energy value chain and a number of customers, youve seen us before announce within pulp and paper, these conversations are increasing and we see an opportunity on that industrial space.
Jacob Lundberg: Okay, great. And then related, but -- you guys have a lot of ongoing efforts to grow in markets we talked about carbon capture today. I mean, you've talked about non-metallics, hydrogen as well. Do you expect this to be an organic effort from here or how are you thinking about augmenting your efforts with M&A, either large scale or bolt-ons.
Lorenzo Simonelli: Yes, Jack. Look, we've got a lot of the know-how and what we need to do to win in-house today. And for instance in asset management weve been doing Asset Management for decades. So the jump over to other industries is not a far reach. Saying that though, you have seen us make some investments, some relatively small investments like C3 and 3C, those types of investments are ones that I think are quite attractive. Its good technology, it integrates nicely in with the portfolio, add some capabilities that we think augment what we already have in-house. So from my perspective, those are the things that tend to be on the radar screen right now. I dont see a need for any large-scale acquisition at the moment. And well continue to work those opportunities for those small tuck-in technologies and keep you guys posted if anything changes. But thats kind of where our head is today and the types of things that were seeing that we like right now.
Jud Bailey: Well, look, I think we've come to time, so I want to thank everyone for joining our call today. Before we end, I just want to leave you with some closing thoughts. We're very pleased with our fourth quarter and total year results and believe they further illustrate the strength of the Baker Hughes' portfolio as we execute on our margin and returns objectives and evolve our company within the energy landscape. We continue to execute on our strategy of becoming an energy technology company with the three strategic pillars of transform the core, investing for growth and positioning for new frontiers in areas like CCUS, hydrogen and energy storage. We're committed to executing the strategy, while prioritizing free cash flow generation and returns. And again, I just want to thank you for taking time and look forward to speaking to you all again soon. Operator, you can close the call.
Operator: Thank you, ladies and gentlemen. This concludes today's conference call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2020 Q3  (2020-10-21 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Baker Hughes Company Third Quarter 2020 Earnings Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions will follow at that time [Operator Instructions]. As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded. I would now like to introduce your host for today's conference, Mr. Jud Bailey, Vice President of Investor Relations. Sir, you may begin.
Jud Bailey: Thank you. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to the Baker Hughes third quarter 2020 earnings conference call. Here with me are our Chairman and CEO, Lorenzo Simonelli and our CFO, Brian Worrell. The earnings release we issued earlier today can be found on our Web site at bakerhughes.com. As a reminder, during the course of this conference call, we will provide forward-looking statements. These statements are not guarantees of future performance and involve a number of risk and assumptions. Please review our SEC filings and Web site for a discussion of some of the factors that could cause actual results to differ materially. As you know, reconciliations of operating income and other GAAP to non-GAAP measures can be found in our earnings release. With that, I will turn the call over to Lorenzo.
Lorenzo Simonelli: Thank you, Jud. Good morning, everyone, and thanks for joining us. We are pleased with our third quarter results as we successfully managed the company through the immediate impact of both the pandemic and the industry downturn, while also accelerating our long-term strategy. From an operational perspective, I'm pleased with continued solid execution on cost out from our OFS and OFE teams, as well as the commercial success and performance demonstrated by TPS and DS. We also saw continued free cash flow generation during the quarter and expect to be free cash flow positive for the year. As we move forward, we continue to be intensely focused on improving the margin and return profile of Baker Hughes despite the near-term macro volatility, while at the same time executing on the long-term strategy to evolve our portfolio along the energy landscape. After significant turmoil during the first half of the year, oil markets have somewhat stabilized. However, theres still quite a bit of uncertainty expected over the next several quarters as demand recovery is becoming to level off and significant excess capacity remains. The outlook for natural gas is slightly more optimistic as forward prices have improved with strong demand in Asia and lower expected future gas production in the U.S. On the economic front, the global economy has rebounded from the severe contraction experienced in the second quarter. However, the recovery so far has proven to be quite uneven and the risk of a second wave impacting economic demand remains relatively high. While some industrial sectors have experienced the rebound in activity, others have remained somewhat suppressed. The current environment has also resulted in the acceleration of different parts of the economy, including technology adoption and the acceptance of new ways of working and living. Importantly, one of these areas, where we have been witnessing a step change in activity and mindset is the broader energy industry. The COVID-19 pandemic has revealed the speed at which the environment can respond to lower carbon levels. This has accelerated the debate on how to fuel economic growth, while transitioning to a lower carbon future. We have not only seen this acceleration in government response to the pandemic, but we're also seeing it in society at large and increasingly from our customers. As we have recently highlighted, Baker Hughes remains committed to being a leader in the energy transition and becoming a key enabler to decarbonizing oil and gas and other industries from within. We also believe that the changes rapidly unfolding across the oil and gas landscape warrants an acceleration of this strategy. We've developed a three pronged approach to accelerate our transition to an energy technology company. The first of these strategic pillars is to transform the core. This targets multiple work streams that are focused on improving our margin and return profile through a combination of structural cost reductions, portfolio rationalization and the use of digital technology. On the top side, we continue to execute the rigorous cost reduction program we outlined in April, targeting $700 million in annualized savings by year-end. Through the third quarter, we have achieved approximately 75% of our target and believe that we will likely achieve a higher run rate by the end of the year. On the portfolio front, we have already divested several businesses this year and we will continue to evaluate further actions, specifically around businesses that likely don't have the potential to meet our return requirements. This process could lead to further divestments, alternative business structures like joint ventures or partnerships, or the exit of some product lines in select regions. In any scenario, we are taking a holistic view across Baker Hughes and we'll take decisive action to improve margins, while also maintaining business continuity and delivering for our customers. The other major components of our transform the core initiative will be the expanding use of digital technology and remote operations. We view the expansion of remote operations in OFS and TPS as key enablers to drive better cost and margin productivity. The second of our strategic pillars is to invest for growth. Given the subdued upstream outlook, the primary growth opportunities we see within our existing product and service footprint are broader industrial sector, specialty chemicals and nonmetallic materials. On the industrial side, we see the opportunity to develop a solid industrial platform by leveraging the strongest core competencies within our TPS and Digital Solution segments. Our efforts will be focused on delivering energy efficiency and process solutions targeting adjacent non-energy industrial sectors. In addition to industrials, we remain focused on driving growth in the nonmetallic and chemical sectors. Due to the lower carbon footprint associated with nonmetallic, we believe this section provides significant opportunity for expansion, as well as synergies with our upstream and chemicals businesses. In chemicals, we see the opportunities to grow internationally in the downstream segment and potentially into other adjacent specialty chemical markets to complement our current capability. The third pillar of our strategy is focused on positioning for new frontiers. As the energy landscape continues to evolve, we've spent considerable time evaluating key growth areas associated with the energy transition and analyzed where Baker Hughes can capitalize on these opportunities. Overall, we see a range of options for our technology with the greatest near-term potential in carbon capture, hydrogen and energy storage. Although it is still very early in the evolution of these three markets, we believe that Baker Hughes can play a key role in the future development of these areas with the technology we have in house. In fact, we are in active conversations today with multiple stakeholders in all three of these areas, primarily focused on how our compression and turbine technology can play a role in future projects. As we execute on these three strategic pillars and our broader evolution as an energy technology company, we are committed to operating in a disciplined manner that prioritizes free cash flow, returns above our cost of capital, paying our dividend and maintaining our investment grade rating. Now Ill give you an update on each of our segments. The persistent weakness in oil prices continues to create a challenging environment for oilfield services. In the international markets, the decline in the third quarter activity was in line with our expectations as COVID impacted regions remain depressed and activity in the Middle East and other areas continues to decline. For the full year, we expect international drilling and completion activity to decline closer to the high end of the 15% to 20% range that we outlined on our last earnings call. As we look into 2021, we expect activity to stabilize early next year and see the opportunity for recovery in some markets over the second half of the year. However, we believe that any potential second half recovery in 2021 will require higher oil prices and that most of the activity increases are likely to come from low cost basin. In North America, completion activity rebounded strongly during the third quarter, while drilling activities stabilized in August and September. A key driver helping to support our North American OFS results during the quarter was a recovery in our production driven businesses, particularly in our artificial lift product line. Looking ahead, E&P customers in North America are increasingly signaling their commitment to capital discipline and a maintenance mode for spending that will allow for minimal or modest production growth. While this shift to maintenance mode likely implies an increase in activity from current levels, we believe that it suggests an uncertain outlook over a longer time period. While the outlook for OFS remains challenging into 2021, we are closely engaged with our customers to help find solutions and remain committed to structurally reducing our cost base and finding ways to improve the margin profile for this business. Although our company strategy involves pivoting the portfolio and leading the energy transition, the OFS business remains core to our company as we believe that oil and gas will still play a leading role in the energy landscape for the foreseeable future. Moving on to TPS. This segment, as you know, is a multifaceted business with a leading position in LNG, a robust aftermarket services franchise and an improving valves business. It also has attractive growth potential in industrial and new energy applications. TPS has remained resilient in a challenging market environment. The most significant developments for TPS in the quarter was the award for the main refrigerant compressors for four mega trains at Qatar Petroleums Northfield East LNG projects executed by Qatar Gas. The order reinforces over two decades of trust and successful Turbomachinery collaboration between Baker Hughes, Qatar Petroleum and Qatar Gas. With six LNG mega trains driven by Baker Hughes technology already in operation, the NSE award underscores the strength of our offerings for the world's most complex LNG projects. Taking a broader view of the LNG market. Our long term outlook for LNG demand growth remains intact. We continue to view natural gas as a transition and destination fuel for lower carbon future supported by a few key drivers. First, the phasing out of coal should support natural gas demands in the power generation space. With coal still accounting for nearly 30% of global energy supply, natural gas has ample opportunity to displace coal in both developed and developing markets over the coming decades. China's recent pledged to be carbon neutral by 2060 implies continued growth in gas consumption and India is also expected to see almost a doubling in natural gas demand over the next 15 years. Second, we also believe that LNG and gas more broadly is well placed to support renewables growth. It can provide cleaner, flexible, reliable and competitively priced power for peak load management and grid stabilization. Third, we see the capacity to further reduce the carbon footprint of existing and future LNG operations through the use of new technologies. We have been a pioneer from the early days of LNG and a clear leader in LNG development for almost 30-years, introducing new technologies to enable more efficient production and operations. For example, TPS continues to partner with customers to reduce their carbon footprint across our installed base of over 5,000 gas turbines and 8,000 compressors. So far in 2020, we have booked upgrade orders that will result in a reduction in excess of 160,000 tons of CO2 per year. Were also having productive discussions with customers regarding the use of carbon capture technology and hydrogen for various projects. Carbon capture technology can be added to liquefaction trains through upgrading existing equipment or new installations, which can meaningfully reduce carbon emissions. For hydrogen, we are seeing increased applications for hydrogen blend turbines for mechanical drive and LNG. At Baker Hughes, we have turbines running on 100% hydrogen, as well as blended hydrogen in several power generation applications across our fleet. We believe that hydrogen blend applications will grow as LNG operators seek to reduce the carbon footprint of their projects, and as the hydrogen infrastructure becomes more efficient around the world. Importantly, as customers weigh the economics of future project with the demands for a lower carbon footprint, we have the technology portfolio in place that can help execute their plans and satisfy all stakeholders. Next, in Digital Solutions, while broader industrial activity trends are improving, we see continued weakness in the oil and gas and the aerospace markets. Despite these challenges, our team is executing well, taking decisive cost actions. Our strategy for DS is focused on driving continued expansion across the oil and gas and industrial end markets and building on our condition monitoring and other leading technologies to deliver outcome based solutions for a range of industries. An example of where we'd like to see our DS business in this environment is reflected in an important contract we won this course with Petrobras to deliver innovative solutions and safer operations in plants across Brazil. The three year frame agreement combines digital solutions hardware and edge devices with our leading software offerings to provide holistic, outcome based solutions to the customer. DS will deliver to Petrobras a wide set of hardware technologies from our Bently Nevada, Nexus Controls and Panametrics product lines to enhance multiple aspects of the customers operations through risk mitigation and performance standardization and improvements. On the software side, we will also be deploying our new Bently Nevada Orbit 60 series, a machinery protection and condition monitoring system for the first time in Latin America. When combined with our System 1 condition monitoring and diagnostic software, Orbit 60 provides customers with the ability to create proactive maintenance and fleet management programs for maximum productivity and cost reduction. Finally, on Oilfield Equipment, we continue to navigate a difficult environment and remain focused on cost out efforts and improving the margin profile of this business. In the third quarter, we made solid progress on these initiatives, executing on our cost goals related to the restructuring plan for the business. Also, during the third quarter, we reached an agreement to sell our Surface Pressure control flow business, which operates primarily in North America. We are retaining the SPC projects business, which operates in the Middle East, Africa, North Sea and Asia. This disposition is in line with our strategy to focus the portfolio on core activity. For our offshore leverage businesses, the market outlook remains challenged. Lower oil prices and continued macro uncertainty has led offshore operators to focus on conserving cash flow and reprioritizing their portfolio of potential projects and investments. As a result, awards are now trending closer to 150 trees for the year, we are not expecting any material growth in new awards in 2021. Within our shorter cycle services business, we continue to experience weakness in intervention work due to both budget and mobility constraints. While we believe this type of activity will improve with higher oil prices, we do not anticipate a material change in this business for the next few quarters. A bright spot within our OFE portfolio remains the nonmetallic and flexible pipe business, which is seeing positive momentum with customers around the world. Our offshore flexible pipe business continues to book solid awards in Brazil, while our nonmetallic business continues to provide significant opportunity for expansion in the broader energy markets. Overall, we are executing on the framework we laid out on our first quarter earnings call. We are on track to hit our goals of rightsizing our business and generating free cash flows for 2020 and to achieve the $700 million in annualized cost savings by year end. Baker Hughes is uniquely placed to navigate the changing market environment the industry is currently facing, and positioning to lead the energy transition. We remain focused on executing for customers being disciplined on cost and delivering for our shareholders. With that, I'll turn the call over to Brian.
Brian Worrell: Thanks Lorenzo. I will begin with the total company results and then move into the segment details. Orders for the quarter were $5.1 billion, up 4% sequentially, driven by TPS and DS, partially offset by declines in OFS and OFE. Year-over-year orders were down 34% with declines in all four segments. Remaining performance obligation was $23 billion, up 1% sequentially. Equipment RPO ended at $8.3 billion, up 4% sequentially and services RPO ended at $14.7 billion, down 1% sequentially. Our total book-to-bill ratio in the quarter was one and our equipment book-to-bill in the quarter was 1.1. Revenue for the quarter was $5 billion, up 7% sequentially, driven by TPS, OFE and digital solutions, partially offset by declines in OFS. Year-over-year, revenue was down 14%, driven by declines in OFS and Digital Solutions, partially offset by an increase in TPS. Operating loss for the quarter was $49 million. Adjusted operating income was $234 million, which excludes $283 million of restructuring, separation and other charges. Adjusted operating income was up 124% sequentially and down 45% year-over-year. Our adjusted operating income rate for the quarter was 4.6%, up 240 basis points sequentially. We are particularly pleased with the margin improvement in the third quarter, which was largely driven by our restructuring execution. We have achieved roughly 75% of our $700 million in cost out initiatives and are on track to complete the rest during the fourth quarter. Based on our execution to-date as well as additional opportunities that we have identified through this process, we feel confident that we can exceed our initial cost out estimates by the end of this year. Corporate costs were $115 million in the quarter. We expect corporate costs to decline slightly in the fourth quarter versus third quarter levels. Looking ahead to 2021, we expect our cost out effort and lower separation costs to reduce corporate expenses. Depreciation and amortization was $315 million in the quarter. We expect D&A to be flat sequentially in the fourth quarter. Net interest expense was $66 million. Income tax expense in the quarter was $6 million. Included in income tax is a $42 million benefit related to the CARES Act, which will lower our net cash tax payments in future periods. GAAP loss per share was $0.25. Adjusted earnings per share were $0.04. Free cash flow in the quarter was $52 million, which includes $178 million of cash payments related to restructuring and separation activities. For the fourth quarter, we expect free cash flow to be roughly flat to sequentially higher, supported by stronger operating results, continued CapEx discipline and modest improvement in working capital. For 2021, we expect free cash flow to improve significantly versus 2020 levels, largely driven by higher operating income, as well as lower restructuring and separation charges. Lastly, as Lorenzo mentioned, in the third quarter, we reached an agreement to sell our surface pressure control flow business, which operates primarily in North America with an OFE. We expect the transaction to close in the fourth quarter. Additionally, during the quarter, we completed the sale of our specialty polymers business in OFS. These dispositions are part of our strategy to exit businesses that do not meet our return requirements and are aligned with our broader portfolio evolution objectives. Now, I will walk you through the segment results in more detail and give you our thoughts on the outlook going forward. In oilfield services, the team delivered a strong quarter despite the ongoing market challenges. OFS revenue in the quarter was $2.3 billion, down 4% sequentially. International revenue was down 3% sequentially, while North America revenue was down 7%. Operating income in the quarter was $93 million, which was a solid increase sequentially and the 200 basis points improvement versus the prior quarter. The improvement in margins was driven by strong execution on the cost out initiatives we announced in April. As we look ahead to the fourth quarter, visibility in both the North American and international markets remain limited. Internationally, activity remain soft in multiple regions, which is likely to be further impacted by typical seasonality. We expect year-end product sales to be muted in the fourth quarter due to customer budget constraints. Based on these factors, we expect our fourth quarter international revenue to decline modestly on a sequential basis. In North America, we expect relatively firm drilling and completion activity versus the third quarter, and a modest sequential improvement in our production related businesses, partially offset by typical seasonality. Given these dynamics, we expect our North American OFS revenue to be roughly flat with third quarter levels. While we expect to experience modest volume pressure in the fourth quarter, we remain committed to executing on our cost out actions and believe that OFS margin rates could be roughly flat to slightly higher in the fourth quarter. Although, we still do not have great visibility for 2021, I will give you some initial thoughts on how we see the market next year. In the international market, we expect activity levels to stabilize late this year or early next year and remain relatively unchanged for the first half of 2021. Based on conversations with customers, we believe that a second half recovery in activity in select international basins is a reasonable expectation as oil prices begin to improve. However, despite a potential second half recovery, we believe the international activity will still be down on a year-over-year basis for 2021. In North America, we have limited visibility next year due to the short cycle nature of the market, uncertainty in oil prices and the rapidly evolving business models of some of the largest U.S. producers. As more E&Ps commit to maintenance mode CapEx levels, minimal production growth and returning more cash to their shareholders, we believe that overall North American drilling and completion activity will struggle to be flat on a year-over-year basis in 2021 and that U.S. oil production should decline on a year-over-year basis. Although, this activity outlook suggests that OFS revenue will be down modestly in 2021 on a year-over-year basis, we believe that our cost out actions should still translate to a modest improvement in OFS margins and operating income for 2021. Moving to Oilfield Equipment, orders in the quarter were $432 million, down 58% year-over-year with low major subsea tree awards in the quarter and the challenging offshore environment impacting results. Our offshore flexible pipe business saw a solid orders quarter, specifically in Brazil, continuing to build on the strong momentum we have seen from that segment over the past 18 months. Revenue was $726 million, flat year-over-year. Revenue growth in subsea production systems in flexibles was offset by declines in subsea services. Operating income was $19 million, a 37% improvement year-over-year, driven by higher volume in our subsea production systems and flexibles businesses along with solid cost of execution, partially offset by softness in services activity. For the fourth quarter, we expect revenue to be roughly flat sequentially, driven by continued backlog execution in SPS and flexibles. With roughly flat revenue and further cost out actions, we expect an increase in operating income versus the third quarter. Looking ahead to 2021, we expect the offshore markets to remain challenged as operators reassess their portfolios and project selection, as well as how they will allocate capital internally moving forward. We expect OFE revenue to be down on a year-over-year basis due to lower order intake in 2020 and a likely continuation of a soft environment next year. Although, revenue is likely to be down in 2021, our goal is to maintain positive operating income as decline in volume is offset by our cost out efforts. Next, I will cover Turbomachinery. The team delivered another strong quarter with solid execution. Orders in the quarter were $1.9 billion, down 32% year-over-year. Equipment orders were down 39% year-over-year and equipment book-to-bill was 1.7. We were pleased to receive the order from Qatar Petroleum for the North Field expansion that Lorenzo mentioned earlier. Service orders in the quarter were down 17% year-over-year, mainly driven by fewer upgrades and lower transactional services orders. Revenue for the quarter was $1.5 billion, up 26% versus the prior year. Equipment revenue was up 78% as we executed on our LNG and onshore offshore production backlog. Services revenue was up 1% versus the prior year. Operating income for TPS was $191 million, up 18% year-over-year, driven by higher volume and strong execution on cost productivity. Operating margin was 12.6%, down 90 basis points year-over-year, largely driven by a higher mix of equipment revenue. For the fourth quarter, we expect strong sequential revenue growth due to continued execution on our LNG and onshore offshore production backlog, as well as typical fourth quarter seasonality. Based on these dynamics, we expect TPS revenue and operating income to increase on a sequential basis. For the full year 2020, we now expect operating income to increase modestly on a year-over-year basis. Looking into 2021, we are planning to generate solid year-over-year revenue growth, driven by the conversion of our current equipment backlog and a modest increase in TPS service revenues. Although, a higher mixed of equipment revenue maybe a slight headwind for growth and margin rates next year, we still expect solid growth in operating income based on higher volume. Finally, in digital solutions, orders for the quarter were $493 million, down 20% year-over-year. We saw declines in orders across all end markets, most notably aviation, oil and gas and power. Sequentially, orders were up modestly as the global economy began to recover. Revenue for the quarter was $503 million, down 17% year-over-year due to lower volumes across most product lines. This was driven by a reduction in maintenance activity in pipeline and process solutions, as well as the weaker automotive and aviation sectors, which impacted the Waygate, Druck and Panametrics product lines. Sequentially, revenue was up 7% is most industrial end markets began to recover. Operating income for the quarter was $46 million, down 44% year-over-year, driven by lower volume. Sequentially, operating income was up 12%, driven by higher volume across all product lines. For the fourth quarter, we expect to see sequential growth in revenue and operating income, driven primarily by typical seasonality and backlog execution. Looking into 2021, we expect a modest recovery in revenue on a year-over-year basis, driven primarily by a rebound in industrial end markets. With higher volumes and the benefit of our cost out program, we believe DS margin rates can get back to low-double-digits for the full year. Overall, I am pleased with the execution in the third quarter amid a challenging economic backdrop. As I discussed on our last earnings call, our goal this downturn is to remain disciplined in our capital allocation to preserve our financial strength and liquidity. We remain focused on free cash flow, improving financial returns and protecting our dividend, while maintaining our investment grade rating. With that, I will turn the call back over to Jud.
Jud Bailey: Thanks Brian. Operator, let's open it up for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instruction] Our first question will come from James West with Evercore ISI. Please go ahead. 
James West: Lorenzo, I just want to a dig in a little bit further on LNG so that I can level set expectations here. Clearly, the cycle seems to be restarting with major award in the third quarter in Qatar. Is this the -- I mean, Im not [worried] [ph] about that. Is this the restart of liquefaction build out cycle or was that one off, or is there large number as you know of main projects that were going to be FID-ed this year but things changed, or are we at the beginning of that FID process again?
Lorenzo Simonelli: Yes, James, as we've mentioned before, I think you've got to look at LNG on a longer term basis. And we've always said it's cyclical and obviously, very pleased with the North Field expansion project in Qatar. And I think, again, it's in line with our expectations with where we see LNG on the long term. And if you look out to 2030, again, we expect there to be a demand in place and a capacity requirement for about 650 million to 700 million tons. So if you think about going forward for the next three to four years, you've still got between 50 million tons to a 100 million tons of projects that need to be FID-ed. We're very well positioned for those and we stay very close to those. And as you think about LNG, natural gas, we see it as a key aspect for the energy transition, both from a transition and destination fuel and enabling the reduction of coal usage. So again, were very much in line with the continued expansion of LNG and natural gas usage.
James West: And then, Lorenzo, hydrogen becoming a very big topic, part of a lot of the rebuilding stimulus around the world. Something you and I talked about back in April when we talk about -- more about LNG, but it seems like the topic has just grown in size. And you mentioned on the call that you're in discussions. But could you talk about what you're seeing in the background here, maybe not seeing in hydrogen. How much activity is really out there and kind of what's the opportunity set for Baker?
Lorenzo Simonelli: Yes, James. And as you said correctly, there is a lot of interest in hydrogen, and congratulations also on the report you published. I think the excitement is really around where hydrogen can be used in the energy transition towards a zero emissions fuel source, and we're seeing increasing activity. I think it's important to note that hydrogen has been around before. And in fact from a Baker Hughes standpoint, we've been active in hydrogen since 1962 with our compressors. And in fact, we have over 2,000 compressors that are utilized in hydrogen applications today. Where we play is clearly on the compression and generation side. As we see hydrogen continue to evolve, we see an opportunity to play across more of the value chain. As if you think about it, we've got our turbines today that already can run 100% on hydrogen, as well as a mix of both natural gas and hydrogen. We see that increasing as we go forward also our compressors that are actively used. And so when you look at the value chain, there's really an opportunity across the generation and also the movement to storage, liquefaction, and also end destination of hydrogen. I look at hydrogen paralleling the story of LNG. And if you look back 30 years ago, the natural gas expansion and also what weve seen in LNG is I think what we'll see also with hydrogen and they'll play together as we go forward. And we're uniquely positioned with the technology investments we've made to participate in the evolution of hydrogen, like we have done with natural gas and LNG. So feel very good about the future prospects there. Early days. But again, something we're staying close to and we've got a history of proven technology in it.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will come from Chase Mulvehill with Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Chase Mulvehill: I guess first question, just kind of talking about OFS and the restructuring initiatives that have been ongoing there, some obviously pre-COVID. But really, I think there's kind of two components as we kind of dissect kind of the OFS and restructuring. So you got the associated costs out from the total of the $700 million that you mentioned across the entire organization. So you got a portion of that thats allocated to OFS. Then also kind of pre-COVID, you had initiatives in OFS to drive better connectivity, optimize supply chain, enhance the service delivery platform and really drive down product costs. So maybe if you can just take a minute update us where you are today on these initiatives and maybe talk to the path towards double digit margins in OFS?
Brian Worrell: Yes, Chase. Look, you hit the highlights there. Very pleased with how Maria Claudia and the team exercised their operating muscle this quarter. The whole company did a great job on the restructuring. We're about 75% of the way through that. OFS is ahead of that. And you're absolutely right. Their margin improvement is not just coming from what we launched in April, but it's the results of a lot of the work that we talked about in 2019 around supply chain, around product cost, around process optimization. So really a lot of efforts from the team and the results of multiple work streams. What I will say is that we do anticipate having some better results from a cost-out standpoint and that's really a result, Chase, of all this work and finding opportunities as we execute on the restructuring and then some of these other initiatives that we've talked about. In terms of opportunities and the path to get OFS back to double digits, feel good at these volume levels and what we talked about the outlook for what we're seeing in the market in 2021 that the team can certainly get there. We've got more to go on the restructuring. As I said, there's more to come in the fourth quarter and we're confident that we're going to exceed the targets that we talk to you about. And we're still in relatively early days in some of the other process improvements around supply chain, around facilities optimization, process optimization that we've embarked upon. So there's certainly opportunities there and feel good about the pathway to get to double-digit margins. We're not going to stop at where we are today and the pipeline keeps growing.
Chase Mulvehill: And a quick follow-up, Brian, really is on free cash flow. And obviously, you've given us some guide points to 2021 across the segments. And obviously, it looks like it's leading to -- implies EBITDA will be up on a year-over-year basis. And when we think about 2021 free cash flow, could you talk to the moving pieces? Obviously, I think you talked about $800 million of -- or there had been $800 million of kind of cash restructuring and severance and things. But maybe talk to how much of that goes away next year. And working capital, CapEx and just kind of the different moving pieces for free cash flow and would be happy if you want to give us a number but definitely, the moving pieces would be helpful.
Brian Worrell: Yes, nice try there, Chase. Anyway, look, it's a bit early to be very specific, obviously. But based on everything we're seeing in the market today and how the business is performing now, I'll give you kind of the framework and the way I think about it. I think around CapEx, it should really be similar to what this year, assuming similar activity levels that we talked about and how we're seeing the market. Working capital should actually be neutral. And I think how that plays out it's really going to depend on the OFS activity levels and then progress payments from any new orders that come in on TPS and OFE next year. But based on what I see today, I'd say neutral is a pretty good assumption around working capital. And then you highlighted one, the biggest change coming into next year is really around restructuring and separation charges. We expect that to be materially lower in 2021. So with the increase in earnings coming through and then the tailwind from restructuring and separation charges, it should support a material improvement in free cash flow in 2021. And look, Chase, I think you've seen the power of the portfolio and what we can do from a free cash flow standpoint in the last couple of years before we headed into this heavy restructuring. And in those years, we had restructuring and merger-related charges come through there. So that gives you a good gauge about the power of the free cash flow conversion of the portfolio.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will come from Sean Meakim with JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Sean Meakim: So let me spend a little more time on TPS. Good results in the quarter, you're able to hold in the margin, you pulled through a lot more throughput on a backlog that was good to see. Orders were solid, Qatar not in there yet. So that's also helpful. One of the key concerns for investors is the trajectory for TPS beyond '21. So next year, you have pretty good visibility on top line growth, some margin benefits should get pulled in there. Post Qatar, large awards look limited, at least in the near term. And so I think there are concerns around 2022 and beyond. So maybe could you just give us an updated view on the trajectory in terms of the moving parts where you have visibility beyond next year?
Brian Worrell: Yes, Sean, I'll talk through some of that, and I will say the first phase of Qatar is in the orders number this quarter. So that's a good first step here. So look, thinking beyond 2021, the orders that we've got in backlog right now and that we'll book here in the fourth quarter we'll definitely have a positive impact on '21 and '22, given the conversion cycle. So there is some visibility into that. And based on what we're seeing today, Sean, the orders environment next year should be okay. It looks pretty solid. So I'm feeling relatively positive about that. And then I think the other thing that somebody's got to take into account and we certainly look at it, as you think about 2022 and beyond is that the service revenue should continue to expand given the growth in our installed base, a lot of the installs that you've seen come in over the past couple of years and the service agreement profile that we have. So look, this combo of services likely growing faster than equipment when you get beyond 2021 is certainly a tailwind for margin rate. And then the other thing that I would add, Sean, is we talked a lot about growth initiatives for the company and where we're pivoting to from a capital allocation standpoint. A lot of that is in Turbomachinery, and I'd particularly highlight some of the industrial growth areas where it's not really a lot about technology, it's about commercial models, it's about commercial resources, some small investments there. So you will start to see some of that kick in a little more materially when you get to 2022, 2023. So look, I think overall, the TPS backdrop for 2022 and beyond is constructive. And obviously, we'll continue to update you as things evolve. But I think there's a lot of positive momentum in the business. And with the cost out and the way Rod and the team have restructured things to run the business, I feel positive about where we're headed.
Lorenzo Simonelli: Just to complement that, Sean. If you think about, again, a question previously around LNG. Again, we still see about three to four projects for next year. And to the point of the energy transition and also the application of our products in the industrial space, you've got the industrial gas turbines, the NovaLT family, which has been released. You've also got the valves business. And so we're increasingly having conversations on how can people drive efficiency and lower carbon footprint across pulp and paper, across metallurgy and other industries. So there's an adjacency aspect there. And again, it will take some time but we feel good about the prospects of TPS.
Sean Meakim: And then maybe to clarify the prior question on free cash in the '21 or just to dig in a bit deeper. By the middle of next year, we'll be wrapping your fourth year post the initial deal between Baker and GE. If anything, the challenges the pandemic accelerated the restructuring plan. And so I'm just curious why there should be any charges of materiality next year. Could you maybe just clarify where and why we should still see more charges next year that could have a drag on cash?
Brian Worrell: Yes, Sean. I mean anything that would come through would not be material anywhere near the level that we're talking about here, you're right. We have accelerated a lot of the actions that we were looking at into this year. The thing I would say is as we go through this process and as we work on driving OFS margins and returns higher, we have seen some areas where there could be some potential opportunities for additional cost out and additional improvements. Anything that we would do, Sean, in this space would have incredibly quick paybacks. And again, nowhere near the levels that we're talking about right now, so minimal in terms of additional charges, if at all.
Operator: Our next question will come from Angie Sedita with Goldman Sachs.
Angie Sedita: So thanks for all the details, Brian, really very helpful and nice to see the margins across the board given the cost out program. So if you could, maybe you could talk about '21 margins and maybe the path of margins across segments, you touched on it briefly, but additional color there. And then if you could also give us an update around where you think normalized margins will be for each of these businesses, given the cost out?
Brian Worrell: As I said, I'm really pleased with how all the teams have performed here in executing on the restructuring in this incredibly tough environment. So look, just a little bit on '21 and then we can move over to what we think on a longer-term basis. Given the profile of Oilfield Services, with a potential second half recovery if oil prices improve but international is still down year-over-year and North America relatively flat. We believe all the cost out actions that we've taken in OFS to translate to modest margin improvements in 2021. So you'll have the carryover of all this cost out that we've worked on. Similar story for Oilfield Equipment. While revenue will be down year-over-year given the order intake in 2020 and I think the environment will be a little soft next year as well, we think we'll maintain positive operating income, given the cost out that we've done that should offset the volume declines. On TPS, look, again, the revenue growth next year will be driven by backlog conversion, and we think services should rebound some given that maintenance can't continue to be pushed out. So I'd expect solid growth in operating income, driven by higher volume but that equipment mix could actually impact the margin rate, Angie, but still great performance by both pieces of the business. And then DS margin rates, should be getting back into the low double digits for the full year as volume recovers in the broader industrial space. I think aerospace and oil and gas might still lag a little bit. But given how we position the business, I think we're in good shape there. And if you take a step back and look more broadly, look, as I said earlier, I feel really confident about OFS getting into the double-digit margins over the medium term. There's more cost that will come out in the fourth quarter. We've taken some portfolio actions that will certainly be accretive to margins. And look, there's no stone being left unturned in terms of looking at the OFS business and which pieces need some more work to get to the right level of return. So I feel good about how we're looking at that business and how we're operating. Oilfield Equipment, honestly, it's a challenging market. There are some bright spots with flexibles and nonmetallics, but it's tough for that to offset kind of the core SPS space. And I think in this market environment, probably you're looking at high single-digit levels. I think our long-term goal is lower double digits but I think we're going to need to see some more volume there. And then in Turbomachinery, haven't changed our outlook really in terms of mid double digits to high double digits in terms of what that business can do. And a lot of that's going to depend on the mix of services and equipment in any given year. And then overall, I think DS should continue to be a mid-teens margin business through the cycle, especially given the cost out that we've done during this downturn. And feel good that as volume picks back up, you'll see those high gross margins fall through to the operating income level. So pretty constructive view on margins across the portfolio, Angie.
Angie Sedita: So maybe going back to the hydrogen and carbon capture and so forth. I mean, it's really nice to see this leadership and the energy transition. And maybe, Lorenzo, you could talk about where you see the biggest near-term opportunities versus long-term opportunities, whether it's hydrogen and the hydrogen blend or 100% hydrogen on the turbines or is it compression, and compare that to the path and opportunity set for carbon capture?
Lorenzo Simonelli: So Angie, first of all, I think clearly, it's going to take some time as we evolve on the energy transition. And again, if you look at the presence of oil and gas, that's going to remain in the short term. As we position ourselves, I think CCUS is particularly important as you look at the Paris Agreement and reaching some of the climate goals. We see an increasing discussion with our customer base of both on brownfield and greenfield LNG projects of incorporating CCUS. In fact, we've got experience of already some LNG projects utilizing carbon capture and sequestration. So I think near term, there's the opportunity there. Hydrogen is going to be longer-term as the infrastructure is built out. As you look at energy transition, though, I think, Angie, a lot of this is going to be predicated also on some of the government policies. The technology is very much in place today and we've proven the technology in many cases and we've had it for some time. We need to make these from an economic justification standpoint standalone as well. And some of that's going to come through with the increasing government policies over the next few years and some of the subsidies that get put in place. We're seeing a lot of activity in Europe. You've seen the statements by China and where they want to get to from a net zero perspective. So again, evolving space and we're going to be playing our role and with the technology that's required.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will come from Bill Herbert with Simmons. Please go ahead.
Bill Herbert: So getting back to cost out. I'm curious as to how much more relative to the original $700 million target. And so these are a few questions embedded in one. One, how much of that is OFS? Secondly, in light of the redefined market opportunity in Lower 48, it's not just debt or in maintenance mode but the industry, from your client standpoint, is consolidating rapidly and significantly. That's not a good outcome for Lower 48, OFS, anyone. And so I'm just curious as to how you guys think about that and how much more do you need the cost out and then more over additional portfolio adjustments in light of the fact that you're not only in maintenance mode but your client base is shrinking.
Brian Worrell: Yes. Bill, I'd say on the cost out, look, not really going to provide a revised estimate at this time. But we do see upside coming through here in the fourth quarter. And roughly, we said about two thirds of the cost-out comes from oilfield services. And the incremental is probably about -- it's about that level, maybe a little bit higher from where the cost is going to come out. I mean, again, I just want to, again, congratulate Maria Claudia and the team for exercising some pretty strong operating muscle here and working hard on the cost-out. So that gives you a rough guide as to where you'll see that come through and we'll update you as we roll through the quarter and report out on earnings, just how much that was. In terms of what's going on from a portfolio standpoint and what's happening in the marketplace, and Lorenzo can jump in here as well. But I think if you look at some of the consolidation that's happening, you're going to have larger players. I think a lot of those players are going to look at technology to help them drive better cost, better performance, better return to their customers. And actually, that bodes well for us. So we've got good relationships with these customers and think that we can help them make a difference. And from a portfolio standpoint, look, we'll continue to look at the places where we actually can generate returns that meet our hurdle. And that may mean that we don't do some things or we partner in different ways with others to do things that maybe we don't think are the right thing for us to offer as part of an integrated package. But we're being quite flexible and very pragmatic about it and are committed to getting higher margins and returns, particularly in OFS.
Bill Herbert: And last one for me, with regard to Q1. Is the seasonality that you're expecting at this point typical or atypical? And if it's atypical, how is it so?
Brian Worrell: Look, I'd say, right now, everything I'm seeing, Bill, would say it's going to be typical seasonality. I don't see anything that will change that at the moment. If we see any different indicators, we'll certainly let you guys know. But right now, I'd say it seems pretty normal from a seasonality standpoint.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will come from Scott Gruber with Citigroup. Please go ahead.
Scott Gruber: Brian, I want to circle back on your comments that working capital would be broadly neutral next year. I think it's better than the expectation in the marketplace. So just drilling down a little bit, I thought as we look at the contract liability in TPS, I thought that, that would unwind some and present a headwind, maybe a couple of hundred million bucks. Correct me if I'm wrong there. And then as I think about OFS, since working capital is driven by changes in your current accounts from year-end to year-end, it would seem that the recovery in OFS exit-to-exit would present another working capital headwind even if we just get back to the maintenance levels. So is that fair? And if so what are the offsets? You mentioned down payments on new TPS orders. But are there others that neutralize the potential headwinds from your two larger segments?
Brian Worrell: Yes. So, Scott, you're right on the progress collections. We have built up that progress collections liability as we've increased our orders particularly in Turbomachinery. But as we talked about specifically we look to keep those projects free cash flow positive over the life of the project. So look, I don't expect this decline in the liability to be a materially large cash drain in 2021 or 2022 at this point. And a few things to think through. Look, the increase that you have seen will draw down over the next two, two and half years, as we mentioned. Look, you can still clearly see the progress liability on the balance sheet, but what's harder for you to kind of untangle or partial offsets is just on the asset side. Typically, when we get an upfront payment, we place orders for long lead items, we bring inventory in and build up inventory on our project. In addition, there will be some receivables associated with that project as well. So it's not exactly a one-for-one in terms of the cash flow impact that you see in the progress collections line. Another consideration, as you mentioned, is what the future awards are going to be like over the next couple of years. So look, based on the project cycle, where we are, how each of those projects should perform from a free cash flow standpoint. Again, I don't see that being a major drag as we go into next year. And then around OFS, you're right, as activity levels increase, typically, you do see a working capital drag. A couple of things I would highlight. As part of the work we've been doing in OFS over the last couple of years to really drive better free cash flow performance we've made a step-function change in both the collections and order to remittance process, as well as the inventory input process. And feel good about the new processes that we have in place and that we'll be able to manage incremental volume while continuing to improve our inventory turns, as well as our days sales outstanding. I mean, we've made great improvements since coming together in 2017 and there's more that can come there. So we're all incentivized on free cash flow. It's the largest piece of our short-term incentive plan. And we've got pretty good processes in place to capitalize on that as volume returns. The other thing I would mention here is OFE, in particular. We're in a cycle in OFE that's probably been more of a draw on working capital just given where the projects are in their execution phase and that should turn around as we go into next year as well.
Scott Gruber: And then just a quick follow-up on TPS aftermarket. Obviously, you had material COVID disruptions this year but there's also an upcoming tailwind from the last LNG build-out cycle. How much does TPS aftermarket recovering in '21 and then what's the follow-on growth potential in '22? Any color there on growth rate potential would be great.
Brian Worrell: Yes. We do see a modest increase in services revenue next year after it's been declining in the low double digits so far this year. I think contractual and transactional services have behaved this year roughly as we expected. The areas that have been a little bit weaker have been in upgrades as well as services on pumps and valves in the midstream and downstream space as customers pretty aggressive on preserving cash and minimizing OpEx. So when I put all that into 2021, I do expect some level of recovery on the things that have been deferred from this year from a transactional services and for pumps and valves. So I would expect that. There could be some movement from next year into 2022 in that space. But do expect the contractual services to improve next year and into 2022 and beyond based on the LNG build-out as you pointed out. And then the other thing that I would say that could snap back relatively quickly depending on what's going on in the environment are upgrades. There's a lot of activity right now in that space, particularly around decarbonization and an opportunity to make a dent there. So I'd say the commercial team and the engineering team are pretty busy. Customers aren't ready to pull the trigger on those yet given the environment, but that could be materially better as we go into '21 and '22. So again, a positive backdrop for services underpinned by the contractual services. And then on the transactional side, we know what parts have to be replaced. We know what maintenance needs to be done. It's just a question of when.
Operator: Thank you. And our final question on today's question-and-answer session will come from Blake Gendron with Wolfe Research. Please go ahead.
Blake Gendron: So one question, two parts. Two areas of the digital industrial realm, that would be great to dig into. The first is on asset performance management through the BHC3 partnership. It appears that refiners and camp facilities are attacking the structurally lower demand environment by accelerating APM adoption. It seems like you're going up against some industrial software providers, perhaps some equipment OEMs. So what gives you confidence in being able to win in such a nascent competitive landscape? And then the second area I want to dig into is additive manufacturing. We've seen a ton of start-up activity in this realm. It's not new technology per se but perhaps nearing inflection point for multi-industry adoption. Is this mostly a cost-efficiency lever for Baker and supportive core segments kind of along the lines of Chase's question on supply chain? Or is this something you can monetize in core and diversification end markets? Thanks.
Lorenzo Simonelli: Yes, Blake, just first of all on the digital transformation, and you're right. We're seeing increased levels of activity around really implementing digital transformation at both our customer sites and then also internally ourselves within our internal processes. We're very happy with the BHC3 relationship. You'll have seen that we've developed applications that we're providing to our customers. And again, it's a drive towards reducing nonproductive time. And we're able to do that through advanced analytics. And what's unique about C3.ai is the artificial intelligence that it has and the ecosystem that its created, which isn't just used within the oil and gas space but it's used in multiple other industries, defense, banking and C3 has been regarded externally as a pioneer in artificial intelligence. So we're having good success in the conversations with our customers and also with applying it internally ourselves. So we see that continuing. I'd say COVID has actually accelerated the application of digital transformation, as you've also seen with our remote operations that are taking place. And we see that continuing as people drive for productivity. On the aspect of 3D printing and additive, again, this is not new. And we see it both being an operational improvement for our customers because, obviously, it reduces the cycle time in which we can get them parts, we can actually drive incremental productivity within our own manufacturing. You're moving away from casting and metals to being able to have again 3D printing at site. And so it makes it much quicker. And we think it's an opportunity, again, to become more efficient and productive as we continue to drive efficiencies, both internally for ourselves but then also for our customers. So two areas that we've discussed before and we continue to invest in as we go forward. Okay. I think we'll go to the wrap. And I just wanted to take a moment to thank everyone for joining us today. And I'd like to leave you with some closing thoughts. We're pleased with our third quarter results and believe they illustrate and reinforce the potential of Baker Hughes as we execute on our margin and return objectives and evolve our portfolio with the energy landscape. I want to take a moment to thank our employees for their continued commitment and dedication in delivering for our customers, shareholders and each other. I'm extremely proud of the Baker Hughes team. Thank you, and I look forward to spending time with you again soon. Operator, you may close the call now.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2020 Q2  (2020-07-22 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Baker Hughes Company Second Quarter 2020 Earnings Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions will follow at that time. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded. I would now like to introduce your host for today's conference, Mr. Jud Bailey, Vice President of Investor Relations. Sir, you may begin.
Judson Bailey: Thank you. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to the Baker Hughes second quarter 2020 earnings conference call. Here with me are our Chairman and CEO, Lorenzo Simonelli; and our CFO, Brian Worrell. The earnings release we issued earlier today can be found on our website at bakerhughes.com. As a reminder, during the course of this conference call, we will provide forward-looking statements. These statements are not guarantees of future performance and involve a number of risk and assumptions. Please review our SEC filings and our website for a discussion of some of the factors that could cause actual results to differ materially. As you know, reconciliations of operating income and other GAAP to non-GAAP measures can be found in our earnings release. With that, I will turn the call over to Lorenzo.
Lorenzo Simonelli: Thank you, Jud. Good morning, everyone, and thanks for joining us. The second quarter of 2020 was challenging in several areas as our company navigated through the impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic and a sharp decline in activity levels due to lower oil and gas prices. Despite these headwinds, I was pleased with how our team executed with strong margin performance in TPS and DS, solid cost out execution in OFS, solid order bookings in OFC and TPS, and another quarter of free cash flow generation. Although the majority of lockdowns have been easing globally and economic activity likely troughed during the second quarter, visibility on the economic outlook remains extremely limited. More specifically, the risk of a second wave of virus cases globally, the reinstitution of some lockdowns and the potential for lingering high unemployment create an uncertain economic environment that likely persists through the rest of 2020. We expect this economic uncertainty to weigh on the oil and gas markets, which are currently in an excess supply position. Given these factors, we are preparing for potential future volatility, while also focusing on both structurally reducing our cost base and implementing a number of strategic initiatives across all of our product companies. In Oilfield Services segment despite the challenging environment, we remain strongly engaged with our customers to proactively offer solutions that lower cost, improve efficiency and deliver returns for Baker Hughes. In North America, drilling and completion activity declined largely in line with the expectations we referenced on our first quarter call, with activity down over 50%. While the U.S. market appears to have troughed, and we started to see some improvements in our production related businesses in June and July, visibility over the second half of 2020 remains limited, with any incremental activity closely tied to oil prices. Overall, we maintain our view that U.S. drilling and completion spend will be down more than 50% for the full year. Internationally, the decline in activity was higher during the second quarter than our initial estimates, primarily due to quarantines and COVID related impacts in Latin America and Sub-Saharan Africa. As we look into the second half of 2020, we see competing forces with potential for some COVID impacted rigs to come back online, but likely offset by signs of further activity declines in the Middle East. Based on these dynamics, we now see full year international drilling and completion spending down 15% to 20%, versus our initial estimates of a 10% to 15% decline compared to 2019. Given this challenging backdrop and the high likelihood that 2021 will also be somewhat subdued, we are focused on what we control in OFS. From both a cost and product perspective, looking at cost we are accelerating our efforts in remote operations to try further cost reductions for both Baker Hughes and our customers, improving productivity and ensuring safety by reducing person to person interactions. We have seen a solid increase in remote operations so far in 2020, with over 70% of our drilling operations in the second quarter utilizing remote capabilities, up from 60% in the first quarter and roughly 50% in 2019. The best example of our success in remote operations is with Equinor in Norway where we have recently implemented their IO3 automated remote operations model on another six rigs, reducing our field service personnel on the rigs by 50%. While the majority of our drilling operations are now utilizing remote capabilities, we still see further opportunities for margin improvements as we are the relatively early stages of recognizing the full scope of cost and productivity benefits of this technology. Additionally, we see increased opportunities overtime as we apply remote operation capabilities outside of drilling and towards broader well construction and completion related activities. Looking at products within our OFS portfolio, we remain committed to providing the best technology in drilling services and completions, and we see opportunities to capitalize on our strong presence in the production value chain. More specifically, we see opportunities to leverage our strength in artificial lift in production chemicals with our growing competencies in remote operations and AI to provide a comprehensive production solutions platform to help customers optimize production. Overall, I am quite pleased with the execution and strategic direction of our OFS business in navigating this downturn and positioning for the future. Moving to our TPS segment, the team continues to execute very well despite a challenging environment. With lockdowns in Italy and other parts of the world easing, I am pleased to report that our facilities in Italy are almost back to 100% utilization and our schedule for equipment backlog execution remains largely intact. As we indicated on our first quarter earnings call, the biggest impact to our TPS operations in 2020 from the pandemic is in TPS services, which experienced dislocations during the second quarter due to mobility restrictions and the delay of some customer outages. Despite the short term headwinds impacting services, the team is managing the environment extremely well and has been able to drive productivity improvements supporting higher year-over-year margins for the business. On the TPS equipment side, our onshore/offshore production segment has held up relatively well despite the pressure on offshore related equipment. For the first half of 2020, order activity for onshore/offshore production is up versus the first half of 2019 following several FPSO bookings this year. We also continue to gain traction in our growing industrial gas turbine segment, highlighted by the second quarter award of 9 NovaLT gas turbines for a utility power generation project in the Middle East. The NovaLT family provides a more efficient, cleaner power generation solution for a broad range of industrial and emerging energy applications. With our growing range of competitive products as well as new applications, such as operating on 100% hydrogen, we are confident in the potential growth of this product line. For our LNG equipment business, the near term outlook remains challenging, but we continue to stay optimistic on the longer term fundamentals for natural gas and especially LNG. In the near term, LNG FIDs remain uncertain, given the macroeconomic environment with the economic impact of COVID-19 putting pressure on LNG demand and driving further weakness in LNG prices. Despite this uncertainty, we expect there could be one or two FIDs by year end, with smaller or Brownfield projects likely more competitively advantaged. Longer term, we remain firm believers that natural gas and LNG demand growth will outpace oil demand, as natural gas will be both a transition and destination fuel that the world looks for cleaner sources of energy in the coming decades. In fact, we have seen several actions during the pandemic that could help accelerate the shift away from coal and oil to natural gas. For example, we see signs that the lower cost of natural gas is helping to drive incremental demand, as LNG prices in most economies are not only cheaper than oil, but also cheaper than the coal equivalent in some instances. Furthermore, a number of government pandemic stimulus packages have included requirements for green energy, or a focus on energy transition, including LNG. For example, Clean Energy features heavily in the European Commission's stimulus package, and in Germany, LNG trucks have been granted tollroad exceptions into 2023. The positive long term outlook for LNG reaffirms our strategy to position Baker Hughes and our TPS segment to capture the high value, higher technology opportunities along the gas value chain We see quite a few opportunities across our TPS portfolio, including the introduction of more efficient power generation and compression technology to help minimize carbon emissions for new projects, and for our current installed base of LNG equipment. For example, one of the key differentiators of our LM9000 aeroderivative turbine is its lower carbon footprint and efficiency, which was recently validated by the completion of the first engine to test with NOVATEK for the Arctic LNG 2 project, an important milestone for the on-going development of this leading turbine technology. With our installed base of over 400 MTPA of liquefaction equipment globally, our TPS service franchise is uniquely positioned to offer upgrades and technology services that can extend equipment life, enhance equipment availability, and performance and contribute to further emissions reductions and controls. Some recent examples include, upgrading our gas turbine to increase your flexibility, specifically around hydrogen blends, and injecting new technology into equipment with the focus on reducing potential methane leakages. Overall, we are very excited with the direction of our TPS franchise, and how it is positioned to benefit from the growth in natural gas and LNG demand as well as the growing demand for lower carbon solutions. Next, our digital solutions business is executing well in the face of weakness across all of its major end markets. The slowdown in the oil and gas markets, specifically in the midstream and downstream areas is negatively impacting volumes for Bently, Nevada and process and pipeline services businesses. Going forward, a key focus for DS will be to leverage the strong condition monitoring technology, advancing Nevada to drive new opportunities in the oil and gas, renewables and industrial sectors. Broader industrial activity trends are also negatively impacting our Inspection, Measurement & Sensing businesses. Outside of oil and gas and power, the Aerospace segment is a significant end market for DS, and has also been the weakest as global flight activity remains far below historical levels. Conversely, the electronics markets and some other industrial end markets are showing improvement, but visibility is limited. On a more positive note, customer activity in the Asia Pacific region has rebounded well from the lows of the first quarter. Despite these challenges, our team is executing incredibly well, taking decisive actions and delivering strong sequential margin improvement in a difficult environment. Finally, on Oilfield equipment, the business faces challenges on several fronts, with lower oil prices and significant macro uncertainty, major operators are reprioritizing their portfolio of potential projects and investments, which is delaying the sanctioning of many offshore projects. As a result, our outlook for the subsea tree market remains muted, with an expectation for approximately 100 trees being awarded to the industry in 2020. We see this uncertainty extending into 2021 as majors and NOCs reassess their portfolios and capital allocation priorities. We continue to see strength in an offshore flexibles offering with strong orders performance in the second quarter in Brazil and Saudi Arabia. Orders for the first half of the year are roughly flat versus 2019. And FPS remains well positioned not only in Brazil, where we have seen success, but also in the rest of the world where our flexibles offering continues to gain traction. The continued weakness in Floater activity is also likely to linger for the second half of 2020, which would negatively impact service activity in our subsea drilling systems business. Budget and mobility constraints are also negatively impacting intervention work and other subsea services across our installed base. As these challenges persist, we remain focused on identifying ways to right size the business and improve profitability across OFE. Overall, we are executing on the framework we laid out on our first quarter earnings call. We're on track to hit our goals of rightsizing our business and generating positive free cash flow for 2020, and to achieve the 700 million in annualized cost savings by yearend. We continue to explore and identify further ways to make all of these savings structural in nature. We believe that the expanded use of remote operations and multi-skilling will drive greater productivity and affect change in service delivery capabilities, ensuring the health and safety of our employees during the pandemic and greatly reducing our resource needs and a longer term recovery. We also continued to improve our supply chain organization and procurement process by identifying and eliminating redundant infrastructure and excess inventory. Although we are managing for this downturn, and focused on ways to structurally improve our cost base and productivity levels, I would reiterate that our portfolio evolution and energy transition very much remained a strategic focus for Baker Hughes. Over the past few years, we have evaluated the key growth areas associated with energy transition, and analyze where we can leverage our core competencies and technology to capitalize on these opportunities. As we go through this process, we are committed to taking a disciplined approach and focusing on the areas that can provide growth, but also good financial returns. We are evaluating a range of opportunities and see potential in a few key areas that include carbon capture, mechanical energy storage in various parts of the hydrogen value chain. In all three of these, we believe that our turbine compression valves, subsurface monitoring and detection technologies can play a key role in providing solutions. In fact, Baker Hughes has been involved in CCUS projects for more than a decade in our OFS segment, and our Turbomachinery technology is currently deployed in the world's largest CCUS project in Australia. Although it's still early days, I'm excited about the level of engagement we're having with customers on these topics, as well as multiple trials around the world in which we are currently participating. Before I turn the call over to Brian, I want to take a moment to thank our employees for their resilience and commitment to delivering for our customers, shareholders and each other, all the while balancing the potential threats and implication from the coronavirus pandemic and the broader challenges in the economic environment. I'm extremely proud of the Baker Hughes team during these difficult past few months, and we have once again proven our collective strength that we have adapted in the face of unprecedented market conditions, and COVID-19. Baker Hughes portfolio operates across the energy value chain, which makes us uniquely positioned to navigate the challenging market environment the industry is currently facing. We remain focused on execution, disciplined on cost actions, committed to supporting our customers and delivering for our shareholders. With that, I'll turn the call over to Brian.
Brian Worrell: Thanks, Lorenzo. I'll begin with the total company results and then move into the segment details. I am very pleased with the results in the second quarter, the level of execution and operations and our progress on cost down initiatives in a particularly volatile environment. Orders for the quarter were $4.9 billion down 25% year-over-year, driven by declines in OFS, TPS and Digital Solutions partially offset by growth in OFE. Remaining Performance Obligation was $22.9 billion up 1% sequentially. Equipment RPO ended at $8 billion, up 2% sequentially, and services RPO ended at $14.9 billion. Our total company book-to-bill ratio in the quarter was 1.0, and our equipment book-to-bill in the quarter was 1.1. Revenue for the quarter was $4.7 billion down 13% sequentially driven by declines in OFS, Digital Solutions, and OFE. Year-over-year, revenue was down 21% driven by declines in OFS, Digital Solutions and TPS. Operating loss for the quarter was $52 million. Adjusted operating income was $104 million, which excludes $156 million of restructuring, separation and other charges. Adjusted operating income was down 56% sequentially and down 71% year-over-year. Our adjusted operating income rate for the quarter was 2.2%. Corporate costs were $117 million in the quarter. We expect corporate costs to be at similar levels in the third quarter as we continue to execute separation related activities. Depreciation and Amortization was $340 million. We expect D&A to decrease slightly in the third quarter. Net interest expense was $69 million. The sequential increase was primarily driven by lower interest income as rates fell globally. We had a $21 million income tax credit in the quarter. Included in income tax is a $75 million benefit related to the CARES Act, which we expect will lower our cash tax payments in the second half of 2020. GAAP loss per share was $0.31. Adjusted loss per share was $0.05. Free cash flow in the quarter was $63 million. We are pleased with another positive cash performance during the second quarter, which was supported by reduction in capital spending, and $205 million from working capital. Included in free cash flow were $221 million of cash payments related to restructuring and separation. As Lorenzo mentioned, we are on track with $800 million in cash expenditures related to restructuring, separation and cost reduction programs we announced in the first quarter call as well as the associated paybacks. For the rest of the year, we expect to make further reductions in CapEx from second quarter levels, but also expect cash flow from working capital to moderate versus the strong levels in the first half. Moving to the balance sheet, as I discussed on our last earnings call, our goal to this downturn is to remain disciplined in our capital allocation. We continue to focus on liquidity and cash preservation and protecting our investment grade rating while maintaining our current dividend pay-out. During the second quarter, we took further steps to strengthen our balance sheet by issuing $500 million of 10-year senior notes in early May, as well as drawing on a U.K. short dated commercial paper facility to ensure we have ample liquidity on hand to manage through this downturn and the uncertainty it has created. Our positive free cash flow and incremental liquidity actions resulted in over $4 billion in cash on hand at the end of the quarter. We continue to view our financial strength and liquidity as a key differentiator. During the quarter, we completed the sale of our rod lift product line. This disposition is in line with our strategy of exiting businesses that do not meet our return requirements and aligns with our objectives of transitioning the portfolio to a higher mix of industrial and chemical end markets and capitalizing on energy transition related growth opportunities. Now I will walk you through the segment results in more detail and give you our thoughts on the outlook going forward.  In Oilfield service, the team delivered a solid quarter despite a significant drop in activity. OFS revenue in the quarter was $2.4 billion, down 23% sequentially. North America revenue was down 41% sequentially as the rig count fell 58% in the quarter, international revenue was down 15% sequentially. As anticipated, our production related product lines and geographic mix helped to mitigate some of the broader market declines in the second quarter, allowing us to outperform activity trends in North America and internationally. Operating income in the quarter was $46 million, down 78% sequentially, with margins declining 470 basis points. The team executed well on the cost out initiatives we outlined in the first quarter. As we look ahead to the third quarter, visibility in both the North American and international market remains limited. In North America, production related activity is beginning to recover as some operators bring previously shut-in wells back online. Completion activity is also showing signs of recovery from a very low base. Conversely, while drilling related work is showing some signs of stabilizing, the rig count is still drifting lower at the beginning of the third quarter. Taking all this into account, we expect overall North American activity to be relatively flat on a sequential basis. Internationally, we see competing forces over the second half of the year with some COVID impacted rigs potentially coming back online, likely more than offset by expected slowdowns in the Middle East, and some offshore markets. Overall, we estimate the international activity could decline sequentially in the high single-digit to low double-digit range. Although we expect to experience continued volume pressure in the third quarter, we remain committed to taking aggressive cost actions to offset activity declined and believe that OFS margin rates could be flat to down slightly versus the second quarter. As Lorenzo mentioned earlier, for the full year 2020 we continue to expect U.S. drilling and completion spending to be down more than 50% versus 2019, and now expect international spending to decline 15% to 20% versus 2019. Moving to Oilfield equipment; orders in the quarter were $699 million, up 13% year-over-year driven by an extension of a subsea production systems project we were awarded in 2019. We also had another solid orders quarter in the flexible pipe systems business specifically in Brazil and the Middle East. We are pleased with the orders performance by OFE, which demonstrates the strength of our product offering even in a difficult offshore environment. Revenue of $696 million, flat year-over-year. Revenue growth in subsea production systems and flexibles was offset by declines in surface pressure control in North America and subsea services. Operating loss was $14 million, driven by lower volume in subsea services due to mobility limitations and suspension of several installation campaigns, as well as lower volume, surface pressure control driven by activity declines. This was partially offset by the increased volume in our subsea production systems business. For the third quarter, we expect a modest sequential revenue increase as continued backlog execution in SPS and flexible is offset by declines in Surface Pressure Control, and Subsea Services. With higher revenue sequentially and incremental cost savings from the restructuring projects currently underway, we expect operating income for OFE to be better than the second quarter. As we look at our OFE segment for 2020, we continue to expect revenue in SPS and flexibles to grow as the team executes on current backlog. However, we expect to see declines in surface pressure control and subsea services driven by broader market dynamics, largely offsetting these increases. Overall, we estimate that this likely results in margins below 2019 levels. Next, I will cover Turbomachinery. The team delivered a solid quarter with very strong execution and cost productivity despite significant challenges related to the pandemic. Orders in the quarter were $1.3 billion, down 34% year-over-year. Equipment orders were down 48% year-over-year and equipment book-to-bill was 1.2. We were pleased to receive the order for the third train of the Arctic LNG 2 project. Several awards in onshore/offshore production and an order for 9 NovaLTs in the industrial sector in the Middle East. Service orders in the quarter were down 19% year-over-year, mainly driven by fewer upgrades and lower service orders for midstream and downstream customers. Revenue for the quarter was $1.2 billion down 17% versus the prior year. Equipment revenues were down 15% driven primarily by COVID-19 related delays. Services revenue was down 19% versus the prior year due to COVID-19 mobility limitations and customer spending delays caused by lower commodity prices. Operating Income for TPS was $149 million, up 10% year-over-year driven by strong execution on cost productivity. Operating margin was 12.8% up 320 basis points year-over-year. For the third quarter, we expect equipment related revenue to grow as we execute on our LNG and onshore/offshore production backlog. We expect TPS services to continue to face pressure as operators delay service activity and upgrades where possible to conserve cash flow. Based on these factors, we expect TPS revenue and operating income to increase on a sequential basis. For the full year 2020, we expect operating income to be roughly flat with 2019. Finally, in Digital Solutions orders for the quarter were $465 million, down 32% year-over-year. We saw declines in orders across all end markets, most notably aviation, oil and gas and power. Orders were down across our regions as well. Revenue for the quarter was $468 million, down 26% year-over-year to the lower volumes across all of our product lines. This was driven by a large drop in maintenance activity and pipeline and process solutions, as well as the weaker automotive and aviation sectors, which impacted the inspection and measurement and sensing product lines. Operating income for the quarter was $41 million, down 51% year-over-year driven by lower volume. The team executed on their cost out plans improving margins 280 basis points sequentially. For the third quarter, we expect Digital Solutions to continue to be impacted by weakness in several end markets, particularly oil and gas and aerospace. As a result, we expect to see revenue and operating income flat to modestly higher versus second quarter levels. For the full year, we continue to expect revenue declines in the double-digits as the current week economic outlook dampens customer spending. With that, I will turn the call back over to Jeff.
Judson Bailey: Thank you. With that, let's open it up for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from James West of Evercore. Your line is open.
James West: Hey, good morning guys.
Lorenzo Simonelli: Hi, James
James West: So Lorenzo, big increase sequentially in remote operations as a percentage and certainly a big increase year-over-year. Could you maybe expand on how the remote ops fits into your broader digital strategy?
Lorenzo Simonelli: Yes, sure, James. And, remote operations, as you've mentioned, a good increase in the second quarter, Drilling Services jobs up to 72% and it's really a key part of our digital strategy at Baker Hughes to continue the further cost reductions for us and our customers, improving productivity, and ensuring the safety by reducing person to person interactions. I think, as you look at the example we gave with Equinor in the Norwegian Continental shelf it's a great example of where, we recently implemented their IO3 oilfield service, remote operations and we're able to implement it on another six rigs, and reducing our service personnel by 50%. And that's really the opportunity we have going forward. It's going to take some time, and really, as customers gain more comfort with the idea of remote operations, but that's going to be the opportunity at hand. So, it really fits in well with our overall digital strategy, including what we do with C3.ai, as well as across all of our product companies.
James West: Okay, great. And then Brian, on the cost out initiatives, the $700 million that we've been talking about, could you, perhaps update us a bit on where we stand? And if they're essentially upside to that number?
Brian Worrell: Yes, James, we feel pretty good about delivering the $700 million that we, that we talked about in the last call. And I'd say we're on track with what we anticipated, the execution cadence would be and you're seeing some of those benefits come through here in the second quarter margins. If I look at sort of where we are in terms of that cost out, we're about 25% to 30% of the way there with OFS being at the higher end of that. So, there is more that will be coming through in the second half of the year. And if you look at the big bucket, really North America is where we've seen the largest part of the benefits come through so far. And you see that and the strong decrementals in OFS this quarter. And in addition the second area is with international, as you know, it takes a little longer to get those restructuring projects done just based on regulation. And that's in OFS as well as other product lines. So look, I feel good about the margin rate performance, particularly in OFS from the cost out, digital solutions executed pretty well. And I think the most important thing, James is, as volume starts to come back across the portfolio, incrementals will be stronger, because these are structural costs that are coming out of business. So teams are executing really well and we're all focused on this as we roll into the second half of the year.
James West: Okay, great. Thanks guys.
Lorenzo Simonelli: Thanks James.
Operator: Our next question comes from Sean Meakim of JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Sean Meakim: Thank you. Good morning.
Lorenzo Simonelli: Good morning, Sean.
Sean Meakim: So, Lorenzo on the TPS trajectory for revenue and margins, the guide for the back half of the year implied by the full-year flat from 2019, that looks pretty constructive. Looking at 2021 you're hoping to get more service mix back and then which will help from the margin perspective as well. Given the better visibility you have, and how you've seen the team's performance for the first half of the year. So compared to maybe where you saw things three months ago. Does that give you more confidence that the longer-term target of the cycle around profitability for TPS are back on track, more likely realizable compared to what you saw three months ago?
Brian Worrell: Yes. Hey, Sean. I'll jump in here. Look, I was really pleased with where the TPS margins and operating income came in for the quarter, well ahead of where we thought they would be based on some execution that the team was able to pull-through with the significant potential disruption that could have been caused by the COVID-19 pandemic. The team did incredibly well and quickly adjusting to that. Rod and the team has been focus on cost productivity efforts. So well over a year now as we discussed with you and really you started to see some of those benefits come through over the last couple of quarters. I'd say, on the equipment side, we're seeing margins get better as the team execute. And we talked about as you execute on these projects, you come up the learning curve. And margins get better as you go through the construction cycle here. And then we're also seeing some better performance on the services side as margins get better there as well. And then, specifically around your question on the second half. I do believe that this level of cost productivity and execution is sustainable going forward. As I mentioned, margin accretion in both equipment and service. I would say though that as we go to the second half, the mix of equipment versus service would likely lean more towards equipment, which is a natural headwind on the overall margin rate on a year-to-year basis. But look, despite those headwinds, still expect to see operating income grow. And I think this is -- the cost productivity work, how the team is executing is certainly a good indicator of the potential of the margin rates of the business as we get it back to levels of profitability that we'd seen previously.
Sean Meakim: Thanks, Brian. I appreciate all that detail. On energy transition opportunities, clearly investor sentiment shifting the last few years and maybe accelerating this year. Lots of interest in hygiene-related opportunities, carbon capture as well. We should probably include lower carbon technology around the traditional business, reducing flaring, methane. You mentioned that you're participating in some trials. There are some revenue opportunities here and there. Can you just talk about the addressable markets for those businesses? What's the reasonable expectation for investors in terms of Baker's ability to scale revenue for those businesses on medium or long-term basis?
Lorenzo Simonelli: Yes, Sean. As you mentioned, the clean energy is a theme that's ongoing and we seen an increasing momentum. And Baker Hughes is really uniquely positioned to provide technologies and solutions to help our customers lower their carbon footprint. You've known the strong recognition we have in the LNG franchise and the ability to provide equipment with lower emissions, as well as increased efficiencies. But as you correctly state, there is more that's taking place from CCUS perspective, also hydrogen. And we actively play in CCUS already. Now, as we continue to evolve, I think, you'll start to see an increase with regards to the compressors that are utilized. And we're on the largest CCUS project out there in Australia with Gorgon, utilizing our compressors. And now, we're also entering the theme of hydrogen. And most recently, last week, we tested our NovaLT with a blend of gas and hydrogen with Snam, which is the largest European pipeline provider. And we see that this is really in line with the strategy that we set for the company with regards to being energy technology and helping in the energy transition and being an increasing part of the portfolio.
Operator: Our next question comes from Angie Sedita of Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Angie Sedita: Hi. Good morning, guys.
Lorenzo Simonelli: Hi, Angie.
Angie Sedita: So, maybe Brian or the Lorenzo, may you could talk a little bit about orders. I mean, obviously, TPS saw some pressure here in Q2 as we would have thought. But looks like you'll meet your floor of I guess roughly $5 billion for 2020 pretty easily. Any other color around TPS orders for this year and the potential for next year as awards are pushed forward? And then maybe even thoughts around OFE orders given a nice Q2?
Lorenzo Simonelli: Yes, Angie. As we mentioned, we're very pleased with the performance on TPS orders year to-date, and again, being able to achieve the $2.7 billion. Also the award that we received for NOVATEKs Arctic LNG in the quarter. And although the environment is starting to stabilize. Visibility for the second half is continuing to be challenging. We're speaking to our customers on a range of projects on a regular basis. We think, again, the floor that we've given up the $5 billion is reasonable and believe there could be some upside to that in the number. I think, if you look at 2021, its little too early to make any calls on the equipment side. You would expect to see services improve, especially as the impact of the pandemic goes away and customers actually go through their maintenance which they need to take on next year as well. So, really, still looking to see on the equipment side for 2021, but services should improve. Relative to your second area on the OFE side. Again, for the orders, we believe the second half orders could be modestly below first half order rate activity. This assumes that SPS order activity remains weak. And that the flexible orders remain somewhat resilient, as they have done during the first half of the year. And we expect our revenues, though, as Brian mentioned, to continue to be converted from our longest cycle businesses and also from the flexible side to grow in the second half as Surface Pressure Control and Subsea Services businesses will likely decline given some of the market activity levels. And as we go through next year, again, its very early to say on the OFE side, clearly it's a challenge marketplace, with some of the projects being continuing to be pushed out.
Angie Sedita: Okay. Fair enough. Thanks, Lorenzo. And maybe able to circle back to margins. Obviously, OFS margins and cost-out continues to be a focus. Maybe if there's any additional color there on the opportunities start driving those margins higher with the cost out in the second half or going into 2021? And then on TPS, service revenues, as you just mentioned, should start to come back. That's a higher mix. Thoughts around margins as we go into the back half and more importantly in 2021?
Brian Worrell: Yes, Angie. On OFS margin, I'm definitely pleased with where the team executed here in the second quarter with 22% decrements. And look, Maria Claudia and the team, like I said, about 30% of the way through on the cost out that they're driving for the portfolio. So if you look at that going into the second half of the year, that's a tailwind for margins. But I think the big variable over the next few quarters is obviously going to be the level of volume declines, which we still expect and we're starting to see more in international markets. So that will certainly have an impact on the level of margin. But based on the cost out actions and the pace that Maria Claudia and the team are driving, margins could be anywhere from slightly up to slightly down sequentially in the third and the fourth quarter depending on the magnitude of the top line pressure. As I look out into 2021, it's really too early to get into a lot of detail here. But I think it'd be difficult for the international market to increase on a year-over-year basis next year, given the slow-moving nature of some of those markets. Would expect to see some modest improvement in the second half of 2021. NAM is quite difficult to call it at this point in time. But given the cost out efforts and the impact on operating income, we feel good about how margins could perform even if volumes are down next year. So really, it's a cost out story and the level of volume declines that we see here over the next 18 months. On TPS, as I mentioned, I think the team is executing incredibly well. And just reiterate that we're focused on generating strong free cash flow and operating income dollars here. And as I said, we're seeing a lot of productivity come through on the equipment side, as well as productivity on the services side. But do expect a heavier level of equipment revenue in the second half, which is a natural headwind to overall TPS margin rates. But again, the pieces underneath that are both showing strong productivity. So that's very good for absolute operating income dollars. So Rod and the team are very focused on delivering strong results and executing on the backlog. And I'd say, for 2021, although orders will be down for TPS year-over-year this year, it doesn't necessarily mean that revenue will decline at the same levels. In all likelihood, would expect revenue to grow given the equipment conversion cycles roughly a couple years in TPS. And then given, what's been going on in services and some of the deferrals in maintenance and upgrades and things that we're seeing here in 2020, would expect services revenue to recover somewhat assuming the commodity prices continue to turn higher and stabilize. And if the economy picks up a bit should expect to see that come through, which is a tailwind for margin rates as we go into 2021. So that gives you some color on the moving pieces there. But all-in-all, I feel good about where TPS is and where they're headed.
Operator: Our next question comes from Chase Mulvehill of Bank of America. Your line is open.
Chase Mulvehill: Hey, thanks. Good morning, everyone. So I guess firstly, I wanted to ask about free cash flow, another solid quarter of free cash flow. In the first half, it looks like you did a little bit over $200 million of free cash flow. You talked about kind of modestly positive free cash flow probably in that range for the full year. So could you talk a little bit about free cash flow expectations over the back half of the year and maybe some moving pieces? I think I heard earlier, some positive commentary on cash taxes and moderate cash for working capital, but maybe you can just flesh that out a little bit a little bit more?
Brian Worrell: Yes. Hi, Chase, certainly. Look, I'm pleased with the free cash flow generation of $250 million in the first half of the year. And I do think you have to look at the moving pieces here as we get into the second half. So a couple things I would highlight. First, restructuring and separation cash outlays will be significantly higher in the second half as we finalize execution on the restructuring program. As I mentioned earlier, and really finalize the separation activities that we've been working on here. So that will be a headwind. As I did point out, you did hear right, cash taxes will be lower in the second half versus the first half. But then you also have income that should be stronger in the second half. CapEx will -- we're planning for it to be down from the second quarter level. So we are well in line with what we talked about from a CapEx year-over-year on the last call. And that leaves the biggest variable then, working capital. So would anticipate OFS to continue to have working capital release, given where we see volume coming in the in the second half of the year. And then the other big one, Chase, is really around progress collections, primarily in TPS and in OFE. The order volume can certainly have an impact on the level of progress collections. And we're still working with customers on a number of large projects and those could move around a bit. So I think that's going to be probably the biggest variable as what happens in the working capital lines. And as I said, I do expect the working capital generation to moderate versus the first half. So I feel good about the dynamics there. The metrics are getting better, the teams are working as pretty hard. But I'm pleased with what we're doing on the free cash flow front. When I think about 2021, I'd say, the largest changes is cash restructuring and separation charges, which we don't expect to recur with any level of materiality. So, if you think about it, about $800 million of cash restructuring charges rolling over into 2021, just that alone should really support material improvement in free cash flow into 2021. And I think you got to look at the back half of this year and 2021 together to get a good sense of how the underlying operations are performing. So we'll keep updating you as things progress, but those are the pieces I would highlight as you think about us in the second half.
Chase Mulvehill: Okay. That all make sense. Quick follow up. In the press release you noted the C3.ai JV secured a contract on the production optimization AI application. Could you maybe just talk about internally what kind of success you're having, leveraging some of the AI applications and potentially kind of reducing your cost and optimizing the supply chain?
Brian Worrell: Yes, sure. And look, we're very pleased with the strategic relationship that we have with C3.ai, and we're using it both internally and externally with our customers. As you look at internally, it's really across the major processes as you think about inventory, you think about receivables and it's the ability to predict and better assess both the levels and be able to have artificial intelligence introduced into our processes which drives productivity. We're at the early stages. But clearly, as we've seen also with remote operations with our customers, we're seeing the benefits of applying AI into our internal process. Also you correctly mentioned, we did release our second application of production optimization. Very pleased that it's already been picked up by a Canadian company and also continue to see opportunities as we go broader, not just in the upstream but also in the midstream and downstream applications of artificial intelligence.
Operator: Our next question comes from Bill Herbert of Simmons. Your line is open.
Bill Herbert: Good morning and thank you. Brian, trying to quantify the restructuring and separation cadence for the second half of the year. I mean, you did 2.20 [ph] I think in the second quarter. I forgot what you did in the first quarter. So what does that imply with regard to the magnitude of restructuring and separation costs for the second half of the year?
Brian Worrell: Yes. So, look, so far we've incurred about $300 million of the cash restructuring costs in the year. So that gives you an indication of what we should do in the back half. And as I said, we're pretty much on track with the cadence that we had laid out internally in terms of execution on the actual projects and the cash outflow, as well as the benefits coming through. And just as a reminder, at the total company level in that 25% to 30% range in terms of seeing the benefits come through in the second quarter with OFS being a little bit ahead of that closer to that 30% range.
Bill Herbert: No. Right. But on the separation expense as well, please. Thank you.
Brian Worrell: Yes. That's all included there in terms of the cash outlays. I kind of bucketed that all into one bucket for your ease there. So that's how you should think about. That 300 includes both.
Operator: Our next question comes from David Anderson of Barclays. Your line is open.
David Anderson: Good morning. Lorenzo, as demand for remote operations increases across -- really, it sounds like each of your segments. I was hoping you could talk a little bit about how you see that value proposition developing and really how it's going to impact margins longer term. I guess I'm just trying to figure out ultimately how do you get paid for this? You mentioned, the Equinor project, we took 50% of people off. Presumably that comes at a pricing discount to the customer. Of course, your costs are lower as well. So I guess, I'm just wondering, longer term ultimately does remote ops as it becomes part of the workflow, does revenue per job ultimate go down, but your margin should move structurally higher. Can you just kind of walk me through your value proposition thoughts?
Brian Worrell: Yes, David, I'll take the first part of that, in terms of how I think about pricing. So look, the value of remote operations is there clear benefits that accrue to us from a cost standpoint and efficiency standpoint. But they're also benefits that come through on the customer side and they are seeing a better cost position, better performance in terms of downtime and time to completion. So look, it's incumbent upon us to price this in a way that is attractive for us and the customer to make sure that we reap the benefits of higher margins with this. So, ultimately, in some instances, could you see revenue lower and margin higher? Yes. But it really depends on the overall scope of the job and how remote operations fit into that. But I'd say this is something that we are actively working. And the discussions around the pricing around this and the benefits with customers, I'd say, are happening at the right level of the company and feel good about where we're headed there. But it is ultimately down to us to make sure we see margin improvement through remote ops.
Lorenzo Simonelli: Yes, David, just to mentioned, if you look at where we ultimately would like to get to at the state where you think about drilling services, all the drilling engineers are operating remotely. So there's an ability to have a single multi-skilled tool and a specialist on site, as opposed to having multiple individuals on site. And so there's not a definitive timeline, but our ability to see margin and cost benefits will be directly correlated to customer adoption and willingness to move up the intensity scale and continue to really take de-manned the operation. So it's evolving. Equinor clearly is a good example and we're in a number of customer discussions, but it will be very much aligned with the adoption by customer.
David Anderson: So, of course, the technology is going to crucial here to being a leader in this and gaining share here. So I was just wondering if you could talk about maybe how this impacts your digital segment. As remote op grows, I would imagine, so does demand for sensors, measurements, controls systems all that type of equipment. Is this something you think you need to build out? Is this something you rely more on third parties? Is this something you -- area where you think you need to add in some new technologies? I'm also thinking about C3.ai. And as that expands more into downstream and midstream, it just seems like this has huge potential market, that's going to need a lot of equipment like that?
Lorenzo Simonelli: Yes. If you look at, again, the C3.ai opportunity, and I mentioned, we're very pleased with the partnership. Clearly, there's a larger opportunity as you go across the oil and gas industry and actually implement artificial intelligence. A lot of it's going to be based on application-by-application. Those have to be created with the customers. When you look at our continued evolution as a business, we've always said that we're going to be differentiated and we're going to put in places that aren't fragmented, enable us to generate higher returns. As you look at our digital solutions platform, clearly there's going to be measurements, there's going to be automation, condition monitoring, controls, and we're seeing the opportunity to participate in that. But I think our strategy as we continue to evolve and continue to execute on our portfolio evolution is unchanged, and we continue to go into areas of higher returns within industrial and also chemical focus.
Operator: Our next question comes from Scott Gruber of Citigroup. Your line is open.
Scott Gruber : Yes. Good morning.
Lorenzo Simonelli: Good morning, Scott.
Brian Worrell: Good morning, Scott.
Scott Gruber : I want to follow on Dave's question, ask it from a slightly different angle. But how do the trends with regard to improving efficiency and digital solution rollout impact margins in your aftermarket business specifically? Obviously, the solutions aid your cost structure and your ability to execute, but also imagine given where commodity prices that customers want to see savings as well. And I'm not sure how that kind of splits between volume and pricing in aftermarket. But if we look beyond the COVID disruption impact into the market in kind of 2021 and beyond, is the after margin -- aftermarket margin outlook across your segments broadly stable? Is it look better with digital solution application? Is there any risk?
Lorenzo Simonelli: So again, if you look at what Brian mentioned, relative to remote operations on the drilling services side and the adoption with customers. Again, as you look at the aftermarket as well, it's going to be a continued evolution of driving for the optimization that both the customer benefits in and we benefit ourselves. And as you look at new alternatives of utilizing remote services, being able to provide upgrades remotely, you've seen the impact through the pandemic of us being able to do final acceptance testing remotely as well. All of these culminate in us being able to reduce our cost base, but then also being able to be more efficient with our customers. So I think, again, you'll look at us continue to proceed. And, again, margin accretion is the end that we have within the business.
Brian Worrell: Yes. And Scott, I'll tell you that, when I think about the long term of all of this together with the new offerings that come through with what we can do from remote operations and digital adoption, along with additional services and having more software embedded in and selling more software, it should be net positive to margins in the future. All in line with the strategy that we laid out. And I think it's a net positive for aftermarket services across the portfolio.
Scott Gruber : That's great. And then, an unrelated follow up here, it sounds like your production oriented products and services within OFS have started to recover. Should we expect those recover simultaneous to the reversal of curtailment? So will there be some lag? And how does it pace relative to curtailment differ between the U.S., Canada, Middle East, there isn't much geographic difference between those regions?
Lorenzo Simonelli: Yes. There'll be a little bit of a lag. But as you said, in June and July we started to see some of the production and chemical related activities start to pick up. And again, that's -- the benefit of our portfolio that is more on the production side, but there'll be a slight lag as we go forward.
Operator: Our next question comes from Kurt Hallead of RBC. Your line is open.
Kurt Hallead: Hey, good morning, everyone.
Lorenzo Simonelli: Hi, Kurt.
Kurt Hallead: Thanks for slide me in here. Hey, just trying to put all the pieces of the puzzle together here predicated on the different guidance points. Just wanted to get a sense that when you add all that up, how do you guys feel about the overall consensus EBITDA estimate that's out there for the full year? I think it's sitting around $1.9 or $2 billion something along those lines. When you add all those pieces up, just want to make sure there's no misinterpretation on what you're trying to guide to?
Brian Worrell: Yes. Kurt, what I'd say is let's just break it down so you understand where the individual pieces are. Like we said, in OFS, would expect U.S. drilling and completion to decline more than 50% versus 2019. And international now a bit lower than we saw coming into the second quarter at 15% to 20% down versus 2019. But with the pace of the cost actions that we're taking, depending on how the volume comes in and margins could be anywhere from slightly up to slightly down sequentially. So that shows you that the cost out is really having a positive impact on the margin rates in OFS. OFE, we talked about revenue, an SPS and flexibles growing as the team executes on the backlog, but seeing declines in surface pressure control, and subsea services really driven by broader market dynamics. And as we said, likely, makes margins in that segment, lower than 2019 levels. TPS, again, for the full year would expect operating income to be roughly flat as Rod and the team are executing well, and that's flat versus 2019. So, really strong operating income dollars and free cash flow generation there. And then, DS, really would expect to see the revenue declining in the double-digit range as the weak economic activity weighs on results. And obviously, if the activity levels change in the overall economy, you could see some movement there, but pretty much in line with what we're seeing here. So when I add all this up, given our strong 2Q results and what we're seeing for the second half, I wouldn't be surprised if our EBITDA comes up a bit versus what we thought it would be coming into the second quarter.
Kurt Hallead: That's great. I appreciate that color. And then, Lorenzo, maybe one for you. On prior calls, you've given a viewpoint on the LNG demand outlook and demand outpacing supply out into the early 2020 time period. Just it was noticeably absent in your commentary today. So I think your underlying conviction still remains pretty strong. But have you kind of see any reason to kind of back off that shortage of supply for LNG as we get out into the early 20s?
Lorenzo Simonelli: No. Actually, we still feel very good about the LNG marketplace. And remember, we play on the global landscape of LNG with all the projects around there. And you look at the 2030 outlook and what's going to be needed from an installed base capacity of around 650 million tonnes, there's still a number of projects that need to go on a global basis and we feel we're very well positioned for those. And even as you look at the back half of 2020, we still expect that could be one to do FIDs in LNG. So, again, we're very pleasant with, we feel optimistic about LNG going into the future.
Operator: That's all the time we have for questions. Would you like to proceed with any closing remarks?
Lorenzo Simonelli: Nope, that'll be it. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference call. Thank you for participating, you may now disconnect. Everyone have a great day.

===== 2020 Q1  (2020-04-22 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Baker Hughes Company First Quarter 2020 Earnings Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question answer session and instructions will follow at that time. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded. I would now like to introduce your host for today's conference, Mr. Jud Bailey, Vice President of Investor Relations. Sir, you may begin.
Judson Bailey: Thank you. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to the Baker Hughes first quarter 2020 earnings conference call. Here with me are our Chairman and CEO, Lorenzo Simonelli; and our CFO, Brian Worrell. The earnings release we issued earlier today can be found on our website at bakerhughes.com. As a reminder, during the course of this conference call, we will provide forward-looking statements. These statements are not guarantees of future performance and involve a number of risk and assumptions. Please review our SEC filings and website for a discussion of some of the factors that could cause actual results to differ materially. As you know, reconciliations of operating income and other non-GAAP to GAAP measures can be found in our earnings release. With that, I will turn the call over to Lorenzo.
Lorenzo Simonelli: Thank you, Jud. Good morning, everyone, and thanks for joining us. The first quarter of 2020 was challenging for Baker Hughes and the rest of the industry due to the turmoil and economic fallout created from the Covid-19 pandemic, as well as the significant declines we saw in oil and gas prices.  Even with these ongoing disruptions, we produced solid results in our TPS and OFS businesses during the quarter and generated over $150 million in free cash flow despite typical seasonal headwinds.  Overall, I am extremely proud of our team for the level of focus and perseverance through an extraordinary set of circumstances. The strength of our company and diversity of our product portfolio is most apparent in times like these.  From the execution of our HSE operations and supply chain teams in the phase of a crisis to the continued emphasis on maintaining our balance sheet strength and the strong backlog of our works in our TPS segment.  Thank you, Hughes. This uniquely positions to navigate the challenges we face as an industry. Since we last spoke on our fourth quarter earnings call in late January, its an understatement to say that the macro environment has changed rapidly. The sudden demand shocked the global GDP from Covid-19 combined with the rising global oil supply drove a 67% decline in oil prices during the first quarter.  Looking forward, the outlook for oil supply and demand appears equally uncertain. On the demand side, U.S. GDP is forecasted to decline by 40% or more in the second quarter, while global GDP is expected to contract meaningfully for both the second quarter and the full year.  This economic shock is estimated to negatively impact global oil demand by 20 million barrels to 30 million barrels per day in the second quarter and by 9 million barrels to 10 million barrels per day for 2020 as a whole.  Under the supply side, recent events have proven even more dynamic. We have initial indications in March of a likely increase in production from some of the worlds largest producers during the second and third quarters.  There are now signs that the dramatic collapse in oil demand and the quickly growing threat to global storage capacity could prompt a quicker supply response with production shut-ins in the United States potentially complementing production cuts that were agreed to by the OPEC Plus countries last week. 
.: Longer term, we remain positive on the medium to long-term outlook for natural gas and the LNG prices as well as LNGs role as a transition fuel and as a destination fuel. Considering these factors, 2020 will likely continue to be a very difficult year for the energy sector due to the magnitude of near-term oil demand degradation regardless of the outcome on the supply side in the coming months.  Looking into 2021, the outlook remains unclear and it will largely be driven by the pace of economic recovery from the Covid-19 pandemic and the supply response that ultimately materializes. As a result of this uncertain market, we at Baker Hughes are taking multiple steps to prepare for what is likely to be a sharp reduction in activity levels and delays to project FID. For our OFS segment, we now believe that North America drilling and completion spend is likely to contract in 2020 by at least 50% versus 2019. This view is based on our conversations with customers, the waiver recently revised E&P budget announcements and our own expectations that private operators are likely to act in a similar or more severe fashion than public E&Ps. The higher percentage of production-related businesses in our North American portfolio typically acts as a buffer to the more volatile drilling and completion-related product lines. However, we would caution that in the current environment, we may not see as much resilience as operators look to conserve cash.  We believe this could impact sales of ESPs and production chemicals as customers shutting wells and lower 48 production likely declines over the next 12 to 18 months.  Internationally, we expect that the combination of lower oil prices and the impacts from Covid-19 pandemic to contribute to a double-digit decline in spending in 2020 versus 2019. Regionally, we expect Latin America and Sub-Saharan Africa to see the sharpest near-time declines followed by the North Sea.  In the Middle East we expect the combination of ongoing projects and the emerging natural gas focus could make spending modestly more resilient. On a longer-term basis, we believe that a key consideration at the upper end of this crisis will be the role of North American shale versus other low-cost producers in meeting global demand.  While its still too early to predict, we believe it is prudent to contemplate a shift in this balance over the next few years relative to what we have witnessed over the last decade.  For Digital Solutions, which is the other short cycle business in our portfolio, we expect revenue and margins to remain on the significant pressure in the near-term before normalizing in the second half of 2020 assuming improving economic activity. As a reminder, we have physically framed DS as a diversified GDP plus business with exposure across a broad number of end-markets from oil and gas to power and other industrial markets.  Given its presence in North America, Europe and Asia Pacific, and its exposure to end-markets like aerospace and automotive, we expect that orders and revenue for DS will likely be meaningfully impacted by global GDP declines, as well as oil and gas trends.  For the long cycle businesses in our portfolio, which are primarily driven by LNG and offshore development, we expect that the combination of constrained customer cash flow and economic uncertainty will likely delay a number of projects.  In our OFE segment, we expect to see industry subsea tree orders around a 100 trees or fewer versus the last two years of approximately 300 trees ordered annually.  For TPS, we expect the uncertain environment to result in fewer LNG FIDs in 2020 as operators delayed sanctioning decisions in order to better assess the economic and commodity price outlook. We expect to see a similar dynamic for the onshore/offshore production segment within TPS with only a few large-scale offshore projects likely to move forward this year.  In order to navigate this uncertain environment that will undoubtedly lead to lower activity levels, we have taken decisive actions in our efforts to cut cost, accelerate structural changes and deploy technology and optimize processes that can lower costs for our customers.  We have cut our expectations for capital expenditures by over 20% compared to our prior estimate and have also begun to execute on a restructuring plan that we expect to driver around $700 million in annualized savings across our organization.  These cost savings will be derived from reducing our headcount, manufacturing footprint and overhead cost to lower activity levels across multiple geographies.  These cost down initiatives are designed to respond to near-term activity declines, as well as anticipated longer-term structural changes for the industry. Some of these actions are an acceleration of the broader structural changes we have outlined over the past two quarters in order to drive improvement in margins and a greater level of operating efficiency.  In addition to the acceleration of many of these initiatives, the early stages of this downturn have also encouraged the deployment of cost saving technologies. We have a growing number of customers around the world. One example of this is our capability in remote drilling and completion operations.  After establishing a successful remote drilling track record in the Marcellus Basin, the North Sea and China, we are having promising discussions with several customers by utilizing this technology going forward in an effort to lower operating costs.  Another example of pushing forward with new technology is our ability to run a virtual string test, a process that proved the engineering functionality and performance of our turbo machinery equipment.  We recently performed the virtual string test on the first compression train for Venture Globals Calcasieu Pass project which use cutting-edge virtual technology to connect 21 people in five cities around the world to facilitate, run and observe the test.  Despite the downturn facing the industry and the cost out initiatives we are executing, our corporate strategy remains clearly focused on being the leading energy technology company to help the industry facilitate the energy transition.  Now more than ever, our customers will demand technology and solutions for increased productivity and efficiency both to achieve carbon reduction goals and to navigate the current macro environment.  This gives us an opportunity to engage with them on new commercial models focused on outcomes and new technical and operational solutions focused on improving efficiency and maximizing value. Alongside our commitment to energy transition, we will continue to execute on our portfolio evolution strategy to reshape the company over the coming years.  The current market environment reinforces our view on this strategic objective. Given the already challenged outlook for some product lines to generate financial returns, which will be compounded by the declining commodity prices and forecasted reduction in activity levels, we are accelerating the exit of non-core product lines in multiple countries around the world.  For example, in North America, we are shutting down our full-service drilling and completion fluids business and also seizing operations in a number of smaller commoditized completions-driven businesses.  Although the near-term focus on our portfolio or divestitures and some product line exits, we will continue to evaluate opportunities to invest or partner in areas that generate more stable earnings and higher returns.  These actions align with our objectives of transitioning the portfolio to a higher mix of industrial and chemical end-markets and capitalizing on energy transition-related growth opportunities.  Before I turn the call over to Brian, I want to emphasize that the Baker Hughes portfolio remains uniquely positioned. Our strong backlog of longer cycle projects and aftermarket services provide stability while our shorter cycle businesses encounter pressure from the dramatic declines in activity.  This balanced portfolio operates across the energy value chain and makes us uniquely position to navigate the challenging market environment the industry is currently facing.  With that, Ill turn the call over to Brian. 
Brian Worrell: Thanks, Lorenzo. I will begin with an overview of how we are positioning Baker Hughes to navigate the challenges of this new macro environment. I will then walk through our results for the first quarter and provide an update on our outlook as we see it today for the remainder of 2020.  After protecting the safety and health of our employees, our focus is first and foremost to maintain the financial strength of the company as we manage through this downturn. We are committed to taking all necessary actions to right-size the business for the activity levels we expect to see over the coming quarters.  As a first step, we have approved a plan for restructuring and other actions totaling $1.8 billion and we recorded $1.5 billion of this amount in the first quarter. These charges are primarily related to the expected cost for reductions in workforce, product line exits in certain geographies and the write-down of inventory and intangible assets.  These actions are taking place across the business and our corporate functions, as we align our workforce with anticipate activity levels and remove management layers. We expect cash expenditures in this restructuring plan to total approximately $500 million and for the cash payback to be less than one year.  Given the projected magnitude of this downturn, and other structural changes that continue to evolve for the industry, we conducted a very thorough process to identify additional cost saving opportunities and further improvements to our overall operating efficiency.  We feel very confident in our ability to generate significant cost savings from these initiatives in a short period of time and believe that these actions position Baker Hughes to generate better returns and cash flows in the future.  These restructuring initiatives can be segmented into three major categories. The first, which is the largest are reductions in our headcount and facilities footprint to adjust for lower levels of activities. The majority of these cost savings will come from OFS and OFE.  The second category is the acceleration of broader structural changes we were already planning and then outlined over the past two earnings calls. These initiatives include accelerating our transformation efforts in global procurement and supply chain, shifting and consolidating our manufacturing base, and expanding the use of remote operations and multi-scaling on a global basis. The initial target of this plan was to drive significant operational and cost improvements in our service delivery capabilities over 24 months. Although volume levels will clearly be lower than when we initially developed this plan, we believe that we can still capture many of these cost savings.  Also included in this category are some of the product line exits that Lorenzo mentioned which accelerates the portfolio initiatives we introduced last September.  By exiting some of the smaller commoditized business lines in our portfolio, we will be rationalizing a small percentage of our OFS revenue base that is dilutive to overall OFS margins and returns allowing us to focus more on our core strengths.  We will continue to evaluate the portfolio as this market cycle unfolds acting where required to adjust businesses that do not meet a return to requirements.  The third category is simplification across the product companies in our entire organization. Through this process, we have identified opportunities to streamline certain functions and are taking meaningful steps in accelerating the flattening of our organizational structure.  Not only will these actions help to lower cost, but it should also lead to better informed decisions and faster response times to customer needs and changes in the ever evolving business environment.  Overall, we estimate that the annualized savings from these restructuring initiatives are around $700 million, which we plan to achieve by late 2020.  Next I will turn to liquidity and the strength of our balance sheet. Over the past two-and-a-half years, we have remained disciplined in order to prepare the company for potential periods of extreme volatility or a prolonged downturn.  Based on the current macro outlook, we will likely be facing both. Our goal for this downturn is to remain disciplined in our capital allocation, focus on liquidity and cash preservation and to protect our investment-grade rating while also maintaining our current dividend payout.  While some strategic opportunities may arise in this downturn, we will remain diligent and financially conservative. We continue to view our financial strength and liquidity as a key differentiator. Cash and cash equivalents totaled $3 billion at the end of the quarter, which is further supported by a revolving credit facility of $3 billion and access to commercial paper and other uncommitted lines of credit.  At the end of the quarter, we had no borrowings outstanding under the revolver to commercial paper program or uncommitted lines. Our next debt maturity is in December 2022. We have taken several actions to help the company navigate through this uncertain environment from a cash perspective. Our revised expectations for lowering net capital expenditures by over 20% versus 2019 is an important part of our plan.  We also continue to evaluate our research and development spend and we will be diligent to adjust where appropriate depending on market conditions. We will continue to relook at our cost position as this downturn evolves, adjusting our resource levels as market conditions dictate.  Now, I will walk through the total company results. Orders for the quarter were $5.5 billion, down 3% year-over-year. Remaining performance obligation was $22.7 billion, down 1% sequentially. Equipment RPO ended at $7.9 billion, down 3% sequentially and services RPO ended at $14.9 billion.  Our total company book-to-bill ratio in the quarter was 1.0 and our equipment book-to-bill in the quarter was 1.0. Revenue for the quarter was $5.4 billion, down 15% sequentially. Year-over-year, revenue was down 3% driven by declines in TPS, Digital Solutions and OFE, partially offset by growth in OFS.  Operating loss for the quarter was $16.1 billion. Our first quarter results included a number of one-time items including a $14.8 billion goodwill impairment, $1.5 billion in restructuring, inventory and intangible impairment charges and $41 million in separation-related expense. We also estimate that the Covid-19 pandemic had a negative impact to our operating income of approximately $100 million.  Both Digital Solutions and TPS experienced supply chain disruptions primarily in China and Europe that impacted volume levels. In addition, TPS, OFS and OFE were negatively impacted by travel and work-related restrictions, as well as rig and site shutdowns related to the pandemic.  Our efforts to perform customer-related activities remotely helped but could not offset the volume declines. Adjusted operating income was $240 million, which excludes $16.3 billion of impairment, restructuring, separation and other charges.  Adjusted operating income was down 56% sequentially and down 12% year-over-year. Our adjusted operating income rate for the rate was 4.4%, down 44 basis points year-over-year. Corporate costs were $122 million in the quarter. Depreciation and amortization was $355 million, flat sequentially and up year-over-year.  We expect depreciation and amortization to be approximately $20 million lower per quarter going forward as a result of the impairments we booked during the quarter. Tax expense for the quarter was $5 million. GAAP loss per share was $15.64. Adjusted earnings per share were $0.11, down $0.04 year-over-year.  Free cash flow in the quarter was $152 million. We delivered $183 million from working capital driven by strong receivables performance and progress collections.  Overall, we are very pleased with the cash performance in the first quarter. We continue to remain focused on improving our working capital processes and optimizing our cash performance.  As we look at the rest of 2020 for working capital, we expect to see lower levels of progress payments given the uncertain market outlook. We anticipate this to be largely offset by the improvements we have been driving in working capital processes across the franchise, as well as the release of working capital from lower expected revenues in OFS.  Now I will walk you through the segment results in more detail and give you our thoughts on the outlook going forward recognizing that the current environment is extremely dynamic with potential risk coming from the Covid-19 pandemic, as well as the significant weakness in oil and gas prices. Our expectations are based on the current weakness in commodity prices persisting for the rest of 2020 and we assume that economic conditions begin to improve in the third quarter.  Importantly, our expectations assume that some form of travel restrictions, strict social distancing and health and safety protocols remain in place until the middle of the year and gradually begin to ease in the second half of the year.  In Oilfield Services, the team delivered a solid quarter despite the dramatic slowdowns in activity in North America that began in March and multiple Covid-19 disruptions that developed internationally over the last few weeks of the quarter.  OFS revenue in the quarter was $3.1 billion, down 5% sequentially. North America revenue was down 2% sequentially, driven by declining rig count. International revenue was down 6% sequentially, driven by typical seasonality.  OFS revenue in the first quarter was modestly impacted by Covid-19 related disruptions in supply chain, as well as lower demand in the Asia Pacific region during the extended economic shutdown.  Operating income in the quarter was $206 million, down 12% sequentially with margins declining 55 basis points. Year-over-year margins were up 69 basis points. As I outlined earlier, we are making several significant changes to the cost structure of our OFS business.  As we look ahead to the second quarter, we expect the North America market to decline at least 50% as operators release rigs and frac crews at a rapid pace in response to the significantly lower oil prices.  Internationally, we expect to low-to-mid teens sequential decline driven by lower oil prices and disruption from Covid-19 as travel restrictions and safety protocols impact the number of rigs working in multiple regions.  We believe that the aggressive cost actions we are taking will help to soften expected margin pressures that believe that our overall OFS margin rate will be lower. As we look at the remainder of 2020, and try to assess the impact for our OFS segment, we expect U.S. E&P spending to decline more than 50% versus 2019.  As Lorenzo indicated earlier, our North America OFS revenues could track industry spending and activity trends more closely than they have historically as operators cut spending across drilling, completions, and production.  Internationally, we believe that spending is likely to decline in the 10% to 15% range and that our strong position in the Middle East should help our international revenues slightly outperform overall industry spending trends.  For margins, we believe that our cost actions can help to offset some of that activity pressures we are seeing in the market.  Next, Ill cover Oilfield Equipment. The OFE team experienced challenges in the quarter from broader Covid-19 impacts, specifically in Europe where mobility restrictions and supply chain delays impacted performance. Orders in the quarter were $492 million, down 36% year-over-year driven by no major subsea tree awards in the quarter, offset by strong flexible orders in Brazil.  Revenue was $712 million, down 3% year-over-year. Revenue growth in subsea production systems was offset by declines in surface pressure control in North America and lower subsea services revenues.  Operating loss was $8 million driven by supply chain and mobility-related delays from Covid-19, lower overall volume due to seasonality and weaker results in our surface pressure control business. As mentioned earlier, we have implemented a number of restructuring projects in OFE to align our workforce and capacity with lower expected activity levels.  For the second quarter, we expect revenue to decline sequentially as growth in flexibles revenue was offset by declines in surface pressure control and subsea services. We also expect slower backlog conversion in SPS due to Covid-19 supply chain disruptions. This lower revenue and most of our cost actions not impacting OFE into the second half of the year, we expect sequential operating income to also decline modestly.  As we look at our OFE segment for 2020, we expect revenue in SPS and flexibles to still grow as the team executes on current backlog. While surface pressure control and subsea services will likely decline driven by broader market dynamics. Overall, we estimate that this likely results in margins below 2019 levels.  Moving to Turbo Machinery. Our TPS team delivered a strong first quarter, especially given the exceptional circumstances over the past few months in Italy, where as you know, TPS has the majority of its operations. We received essential business designation from the Italian government and have been able to maintain operations through the quarantine period due to our importance to the oil and gas markets.  While all of our plants are operational, we have not been running at full capacity and the situation remains very fluid. Orders in the quarter were $1.4 billion, up 10% year-over-year. Equipment orders were up 8% year-over-year and equipment book-to-bill was 1.4. We saw strong orders in our on/offshore production segment booking a number of FPSO awards.  Service orders in the quarter were up 11% year-over-year, mainly driven by growth in installations, upgrades and contractual services.  Revenue for the quarter was $1.1 billion, down 17% versus the prior year. Equipment revenues were down 24%, driven by supply chain delays, primarily related to Covid-19 and business dispositions. Services revenue was down 13% versus the prior year due to Covid-19 mobility-related delays.  Operating income for TPS was $134 million, up 13% year-over-year, driven by product line mix and cost productivity which more than offset the impact we saw from Covid-19. Operating margin was 12.3%, up 326 basis points year-over-year.  For the second quarter, TPS faces continued volatility given the situation in Italy and the mobility-related challenges, as well as the overall macro backdrop, particularly for our shorter cycle service businesses. Based on these factors, operating income will likely decline on a sequential basis.  As we look at the rest of 2020 for TPS, we face a number of challenges, but expect the business to show resilience due to the record backlog built over the last two years. We expect growth in equipment revenue.  However, we expect that the lower oil and gas prices and COVID-related issues could impact service revenues versus prior expectations. Based on these factors, we expect TPS operating income to be flat to modestly lower than 2019 levels.  Finally, Digital Solutions was heavily impacted by Covid-19 as a significant portion of both the customer base and supply chain was offline during the quarter. The team executed incredibly well given the unique and challenging circumstances.  Orders for the quarter were $500 million, down 24% year-over-year, driven primarily by Covid-19-related demand disruptions. We saw declines in orders across all end-markets, most notably, Aviation, automotive and power.  Revenue for the quarter was $489 million, down 17% year-over-year, primarily due to lower convertible orders and volume slippages driven by Covid-19. The Waygate Technologies and Bently Nevada product lines were most impacted, as multiple deliveries in Europe, North America and Asia Pacific were delayed as shutdowns spread.  Operating income for the quarter was $29 million, down 57% year-over-year driven by lower volumes related to Covid-19. In response to the disruption caused by the pandemic and current macro environment, we have taken steps to furlough employees in some countries and we are implanting structural changes through our organization to operate more efficiently at lower cost.  That said, we still expect near-term results in DS to continue to be impacted by Covid-19 disruptions as well as the weak economic outlook and the oil and gas environment. As a result, we expect revenue and operating income to be flat to slightly down on a sequential basis in the second quarter.  For the full year, we expect revenue declines in the double-digit due to the current outlook for weak economic activity weighs on results.  With that, I will turn the call back over to Lorenzo. 
Lorenzo Simonelli: Thank you, Brian. Before we move to Q&A, I wanted to spend a few moments to recognize and the thank the Baker Hughes team for what they are doing to take care of each other, our customers, and the communities around them impacted by the Coronavirus pandemic. We continue to support our communities with great acts of courage and kindness.  Baker Hughes global additive teams in the U.S., Germany, Italy, the UK, and Saudi Arabia have been working collaboratively for weeks with local partners to identify, test and now safely deliver 3D printed parts critical for protective gear needed by first respondents.  At our additive manufacturing facility in Talamona, Italy, additive experts have started production of 3D printed components, the respirators, such as valves and adapters. Kits for respiratory masks have already been distributed in Italy and more kits will be produced in partnership with Baker Hughes additive manufacturing labs in both Florence, Italy and Montrose, Scotland.  We are committed to these efforts and looking beyond our business to apply the highest and best use of our unique 3D printing capabilities to support the communities around us. All design time, labor and parts are being donated. These efforts are inspiring and I am extremely proud of our team in this difficult time. We are proud to be part of a community of technologists who have come together to help contribute to mitigate the impact of this worldwide pandemic.  Finally, I want to highlight that we have a solid backlog of longer cycle projects, a balanced portfolio and our strong balance sheet, Baker Hughes remains uniquely positioned to navigate the challenging market environment.  With that, lets open the call for questions. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from James West with Evercore ISI. 
James West : Hey. Good morning, gentlemen. And thanks for all the Baker Hughes is doing for first responders. 
Lorenzo Simonelli : Thanks, James. 
Brian Worrell: Hi, James.
James West : So, Lorenzo, this downturn, I think is different for Baker Hughes than the previous downturns. You are in a much different situation. You are a much larger company. You have better systems and you are not hamstrung or hampered by the  by some M&A type of activity.  Could you perhaps  I know, you got into some detail in your prior comments, if you have to describe how quickly, how swiftly and how much ability you have to respond this time versus what Baker has seen in the past? And how the past is really not relevant in looking at how Baker might perform this on? 
Lorenzo Simonelli : Yes. Sure, James. And, as you say, a lot of change for Baker Hughes since the last downturn at 2015, 2016 and we believe that its not a good reference for our current business as it is. As you recall, in 2015, 2016, Baker Hughes could not react to market conditions due to restrictions under its proposed merger with Halliburton.  Since the creation of the new Baker Hughes business in July 2017, we have better visibility, improved processes and systems in place to react quickly and we mentioned some of that in the prepared remarks. Maria Claudia and the OFS team have been executing on business transformation during the past years and we are starting to see the benefits of that in the processes.  Also our engagement, as you know a big focus was on being close to the customers and especially in OFS, thats improved considerably. So we are in continuous dialogue with the customers helping to improve efficiencies and also looking at new commercial offering that we can apply at this time.  Id also like to remind you that, the portfolio of Baker Hughes now is very different, as well. We are not present in the pressure pumping North America and our mix is also of longer cycle businesses as you look at TPS and Oilfield Equipment and we have an IPO of approximately $23 billion.  Overall, Id say, I am pleased with our positioning. Weve got a strong balance sheet and liquidity position and team is ready for the challenges ahead. 
James West : Okay. Thats good to hear. And then, Lorenzo, big shift to remote operations during the first quarter. I think, probably some of this is going to be permanent in nature. Could you talk about how Baker is enabling this shift? And do you read with me that this could be somewhat semi-permanent more remote operations, getting more people off the wells and also rig site and creating better HSE centers? 
Lorenzo Simonelli : We are doing some. I think you are right and one of the outcomes of the current environment in COVID is that we are having more and more conversations with our customers that are interested and the kinds of technology and capability that weve been offering them. And there is an increased utilization of remote drilling as well as virtual operations.  We think that these benefits extend beyond just the current health and safety factors that are beneficial at this time. But they also help operators really look at more efficient and reduce non-productive time. And as we mentioned in OFS, the rig drilling has actually been  of the drilling performed in the first quarter was remote drilling and thats the highest percentage to-date.  We are also starting to see in TPS. You heard us talk about virtual string test that was conducted with Venture Global on the Calcasieu Pass project for the first time. Weve done this remotely and we also recently completed a virtual compression test for the LNG Canada. So, we do expect that our technology focus is the right area and we will continue to see it applied as we go forward with the customers. 
Brian Worrell: Yes. And James, I would add that actually weve been doing a lot in remote operations and have a lot of remote capabilities in TPS for some time. Weve been using smart helmets for about four to five years now and thats basically PPE equipment that has integrated video, audio and Google glass.  So, an FE can actually project whats going on into the machine to pull up documents and see in a Google glass and can access experts in that technology, no matter where they sit in the world. We are migrating that to iPhone and iPad to make it more available for our FEs.  And then, we also have been using virtual reality for sometime in training and are transitioning that into actual field work where we can bring RFEs, customer employees into a virtual reality environment with people sitting in Florence or Houston or wherever they are in the world and do block these before they repair things and actually solve problems quickly.  So, I think this downturn is accelerating that and we got, like I said, quite a bit of experience there. So I think there is a huge opportunity for us in the industry. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Angie Sedita with Goldman Sachs. Your line is open. 
Angie Sedita : Thanks. Good morning, guys. 
Lorenzo Simonelli : Hi, Angie.
Brian Worrell: Hi, Angie.
Angie Sedita : Hi. So, I really do appreciate Brian, all the color you gave and its quite helpful and so around Oilfield Services really did have better than expected revenues and margins in Q1 given the markets and in light of the cost-cutting efforts, can you give us additional color around the margin outlook for 2020? Anything else you could add to your prepared remarks and decremental margin? 
Brian Worrell: Yes. Angie, look, I think Maria Claudia and the team had been working to improve process and the cost position of OFS. As weve outlined, in calls and meetings and delivering 18% decrementals in the quarter was good performance in this environment. Look, we are continuing to focus on cost efficiency and I think we can deliver strong margins in this environment despite all headwinds that we see.  So, look, as Lorenzo mentioned, 15. 16 is really not a good reference for how we think that what that business is going to perform now. We got better systems in place. We got better process in place to combat this and look, weve already started taking actions. Maria Claudia and the team got ahead of this and started taking the restructuring actions in March. So early on.  So, look, difficult to give you a definitive decremental going forward. I can tell you that our goal is really for our cost out actions to offset the impacts of any pricing pressure that we may see during this particular downturn and keep decrementals more in line with what historically been consistent with activity level declines.  Now, obviously, in the second quarter, that may not be the case, because the volume decline is coming faster than you can take some of the cost out and there is lot of uncertainty going on this quarter, particularly in North America. But Id say, for the full year, feel good about the decrementals being in line with historical activity declines.  And Id say, look, from an overall margin standpoint, we believe that margins will be  will likely be down significantly. But I do think that the cost out actions that we are taking will dampen the impact of the volume declines. So, through this situation, Angie, Maria Claudia and the team are working and well continue to monitor the situation and see if we need to take more action. 
Angie Sedita : Perfect. Thats helpful. And then, if you could also add on TPS and just talk about the servicing part. That I believe the revenue, I think 60% of service and 40% of equipment and obviously the CSAs are stable. But can you talk about the other moving pieces and just the timeline of the declines. Is it more immediate or kind of ratable through the year? Any thoughts on 2021?
Brian Worrell: Yes. You know, Angie, Id say in general, I would expect the services revenue to come under some pressure this year, in addition to I think customers cutting budgets because of everything going on with commodity pricing. The Covid-19 restrictions are also causing some delays in equipment deliveries and pickups.  There is some logistics back outs and those kind of things and in some instances, thats restricting mobility of our field engineers. So, there will be likely some immediate impact related to some FE travel. And as you mentioned, about 60% of the revenue in TPS is related to services and you pointed out contractual services primarily on LNG equipment.  I would expect those revenues to be relatively stable. There could be a modest decline with customers start to try to move around maintenance events and minimize some OpEx. But, as you recall, we got guarantees around these contracts. And so, we work very closely with the customer and really drive when those outage dont happen.  There is some room to move them around a little. But I feel pretty good about the visibility there and that we will continue to execute on those within a short window. The other area transactional services, its likely to be negatively impacted by the downturn as these are immediate things that operators can do to save cash, have more control over moving servicing around in their spare parts inventory.  So, I think you could see that impacted more than contractual services. But one thing I will say Angie, going into this downturn versus 2014, customers dont have as much stock on their shelves as they did going into that downturn. So I dont expect to see a large new stocking like we saw sort of in 2015.  The other area of services is around upgrades and installations and I think they could hold up reasonably well while we could see some shorter cycle business decline for services for pumps and valves. Again, as customers look to conserve cash in the near-term.  So, pulling all that together, Angie, the mobility-related things I think youll see more of an immediate impact and then in transactional services, you could see that more spread throughout the year as customers work through their outage schedules and stocking levels.  But, over the long run, feel good about this service franchise that we have and the team is working diligently to support customers and some of the remote technology I mentioned and the question that James asked, we are certainly helping. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next comes from Chase Mulvehill with Bank of America. Your line is open. 
Chase Mulvehill : Hey. Good morning, gentlemen. Hope everybody is safe. 
Lorenzo Simonelli : Good morning. Thanks, Chase. You too. 
Chase Mulvehill : Thank you. So, I guess, firstly I want to hit on those really kind of free cash flow. Obviously, free cash flow was strong as seasonally in the $152 million 1Q. If we think about that free cash flow profile, obviously, a lot of that was coming from strong operating cash flow, which approach almost $500 million in 1Q.  This is a much better cash conversion and it  than we typically see in 1Q. So, may be if you can kind of talk through really what drove this. How much of that was prepayments versus kind of underlying better cash conversion? 
Brian Worrell: Yes, you know, Chase, Id say, look, I am really happy with the performance on cash in the quarter. Id say, we did see some progress collections favorability come through. But nothing extraordinary and we planned on that. Id say, its improvement in process across the board and our collections processes as well as overall inventory management.  I think, again, we talked to you when we first came together about the work we needed do to improve cash processes and you are starting to see the benefits of that come through.  Look, Id say for the total year and how I look at free cash flow, I think, given the visibility from the long cycle businesses and the service franchise, I think we can generate modest free cash flow for the year despite the $800 of cash restructuring and separation costs that well incur from the cash standpoint.  And again, thats $300 million that weve talked about previously for the separation and restructuring projects that we had ongoing, as well as the $500 million that we launched here in the last few weeks. So, if you exclude that $800 million capital allocation decision for restructuring and the GE separation, that gives you a good view of the operating strength of the company from a free cash flow standpoint.  Other thing you know, Id point out to is that we do have some leverage. We talked about cutting CapEx more than 20% versus last year. I think depending on where activity levels play out over the rest of the year, Chase, we could cut more. And then cash taxes are likely to be more versus 2019 and where we thought theyd be coming into the year.  So, I think, working capital, again, good process in place. I would expect the progress collections to move around a bit just given what we are seeing from some of the larger orders. But I would expect the impact of lower progress collections to be largely offset with the improvements that weve been driving and things we got in place to continue to drive improvement in working capital and then the lower working capital related to lower OFS revenue.  So, again, pleased with what the teams have done. We think this business can generate 90% free cash flow conversion over time and the progress you saw on the first quarter is a good indicator of that. 
Chase Mulvehill : Yes, that was  appreciate the color there. But I am kind of switching gears a little bit over to LNG. Lorenzo, you touched a little bit on kind of some of the near-term macro headwinds and - that you are facing. But could you talk about orders this year probably going to be a pretty skinny year of orders.  But could you talk about could you talk about your medium to longer term outlook for orders and then also, some  Ive gotten a few questions about the risk of LNG backlog  of your LNG backlog. So, maybe if you could tell to the risk around, did you see your backlog and if there were any cancellations last downturn?
Lorenzo Simonelli : Yes, Chase. As we mentioned, the uncertain environment is likely to result in fewer LNG FIDs in 2020 as operators delay some of the sanctioning decisions in order to better assess the economic and commodity price outlook. Hard to comment on any special specific projects.  But we are already seeing some larger projects be delayed by operators. Right now, where we still see a couple of smaller LNG projects likely happening this year and perhaps one to two medium to large-scale projects still having a small chance of FID later this year.  Fundamentally, from a macro perspective, medium to long-term growth outlook for LNG remains strong and we still expect global demand to be in the 550 to 600 MTPA range by 2030.  And as you know, to produce that 550, 600 MTPA by 2030, we are going to need to have approximately 650 to 700 MTPA of nameplate capacity in place, which represents still significant growth from today's 460 MTPA. So, again, macro perspective, still feel good and we are continuing to stay close to our customers. And again that we'll see some FIDs going through this year.
Brian Worrell : Yes. And Chase, specifically on the backlog, look, during the last downturn, we didn't see any cancellations in LNG projects that had FID-ed with us. And I was going through our history in LNG and can't recall any cancellations once the project has been FID-ed with us. The one thing we have seen, you've seen some schedules move around.  There is lots of things that can make that happen, but again, not significantly. I wouldn't be surprised if we didn't see some schedules move around a little bit. But I feel very good about the backlog and the projects that we are executing on right now. And obviously, we stay very close with our customers and there has been no indication so far of any worries about projects that have FID-ed and how they are progressing.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Sean Meakim with JPMorgan.
Lorenzo Simonelli : Hey Sean.
Sean Meakim : So, in North America, your business mix is pretty production-oriented. So, that's typically more stable to drilling and completions, as you noted. But, we have these store challenges creating an issue for producers in the next few months at a minimum.  I mean, maybe 3 million to 5 million barrels a day could have to come offline for some period. We don't have much historical precedents here. Just curious how that could impact your lift in chemicals businesses in the next couple quarters?
Lorenzo Simonelli : Yes, Sean. Good to hear from you and we feel good about our competitive positioning in North America in artificial lift and chemicals. As you mentioned though, in the current environment, we believe that the sharp decline in production and also in potential production shut-ins will impact the ESP and the chemicals business.  And E&Ps are looking aggressively to conserve cash and cutting back on spending across all product lines. And so, as we look at the next one to two quarters, you'll see some impact there. However, I would also say that, if there's a recovery in place, you'll see our production-driven businesses recovering quickly and also as operators look to bring back wells, likely they'll need more chemicals and also ESPs from a stimulation perspective.
Sean Meakim : Right. Okay. That makes sense. And then, haven't spoken a lot on digital. Obviously, a challenging environment here in the last quarter, as well as the one upcoming. Pretty high decrementals in that business, but also should be pretty high incrementals. Just curious, just about how you think about that cadence for revenue and margins as we go through the year? Thatd be helpful if you don't mind.
Brian Worrell : Yes, Sean, you're right. You do see high decrementals and high incrementals. I mean, the gross margins in the Digital Solutions business are really strong. And you simply can't take out cost fast enough as volume comes down, especially around R&D, selling, G&A.  So, we are taking some actions there to  as I mentioned, we are furloughing some employees as volume is lower and we anticipate that it will continue to be lower with economic challenges and the struggling GDP we are seeing around the world. So, look, I would expect Digital Solutions to look a lot like the first quarter in the second quarter, given what we are seeing from a demand standpoint and the inactivity around the world. But it will likely bounce back quickly as you start to see folks getting back to work and economic activity picking up. And as you point out it should come through with really strong incrementals.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Bill Herbert with Simmons. Your line is open.
Bill Herbert : Good morning, Brian and Lorenzo, with using your formulation with regard to a blend of North American and international spending contractions for Q2. I mean, at least on my math, that kind of results in a 25% to 30% sequential revenue contraction. Given the violence of that contraction, would OFS do well to generate breakeven margins?
Brian Worrell : Yes. Look, I think if you look at the formulation that you have there, I mean, you know there is always some variability around the edges there. But I do expect significant revenue decline in the second quarter.  The other thing, Bill, that I would remind you of is, we've talked about the cost out that Maria Claudia has already been executing. And I do think that will dampen some of the impact of what we are seeing from the downturn here.  I'd say, probably where your math that is probably a little more than what I am seeing today based on the level of activity we have internationally, how strong we are in the Middle East.  So, look, I think things are moving around quite a bit, but I feel good about how Maria Claudia and the team are addressing the current situation.
Bill Herbert : Okay. That's helpful, thanks. And then Lorenzo, I hear you with regard to the long-term secular outlook for LNG and TPS and understanding that we are not in this bunker of acute crisis forever.  But assuming that effectively capital allocators around the world are going to be very cautious for the balance of this year. Is it reasonable to expect that TPS orders for the year are down in the vicinity of like 50% year-over-year? Or is that too harsh?
Lorenzo Simonelli : Look, again, I think, as you look at where we are seeing LNG, as well as where we're seeing the total TPS, the current macro environment is obviously uncertain. We continue to speak to the customers on a regular basis and we are predicting some of these projects to move forward even though the timing is difficult to see.  If you look at our orders in TPS, a large component of our orders are service orders, which we expect those to be pressured in line with the service revenues. As you can imagine, we have equipment orders and a wide range of outcomes, offshore/onshore production, also, refinery, petrochemical.  Given the service order outlook and also the equipment, we think the $0.50 is a little harsh and we would expect to do better than that. If you look at the prior downturn, our floor is better than that from a standpoint of orders. And I'd also say, we are still in a lot of conversations with our customers relative to potential FIDs that go forward.
Brian Worrell : Hey, Bill, I would say, you could see orders down 40% based on what we have seen in prior downturns and in conversations with customers. But again, things are quite fluid right now. And we're staying close to the customer. So, we'll update you as we know more.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Scott Gruber with Citigroup.
Scott Gruber : Yes, good morning.
Lorenzo Simonelli : Hey, Scott.
Brian Worrell : Hey, Scott.
Scott Gruber : So, when you are working through the restructuring of your fixed costs, especially items like facility closures, what is the new normal environment that you are contemplating on the other side of this downturn?  Maybe, if you could touch on that through the usual market indicators. So, thinking about U.S. rig count, it sounds like you are thinking about that being weaker on the other side. But potential magnitude of international E&P spending recovery, offshore tree orders, when you reset your fixed costs, what you are envisioning for these three years to four years out?
Lorenzo Simonelli : Yes. I think, first of all, it's obviously a dynamic situation and things are unfolding. As you look at what's happening with COVID and some of the longer-term impacts, first of all, you are starting to see more of the remote operations, as we said, being utilized. That's obviously from an efficiency perspective and also cost reduction.  We are continuing to deploy more technologies out there, which will not result in us bringing back some of the people that are involved. And also, if you look at the standpoint of the way in which we work, the number of facilities we have and also people working from home as opposed to being in the office. So, I think these are elements that we are working through, and we are still  we think we've taken the right restructuring actions and much of what, again, is restructured won't necessarily come back. And that's sort of the aspects we are working through at the moment.
Scott Gruber : Got it. 
Brian Worrell : And I think, Scott, we stress-tested quite a few scenarios and do feel like that we prepared for scenarios that are worse than what we've outlined here as we looked at our overall cost out, and how we think the industry is going to perform. And I think that gives us some flexibility as we see activity maybe come in stronger than we are anticipating.  But, as Lorenzo points out, I think it's a bit early to call exactly how this plays out over the medium term. But, rest assured, we are staying really close to our customers and the market and we'll adjust accordingly.
Scott Gruber : Understood. There is a lot of capacity out there right now. A quick follow-up. Roughly, how much of your 1Q OFS revenue is targeted to be exited?
Brian Worrell : It's a small amount. It's lower than 5% and the work that the product lines that we are exiting will be overall margin rate positive and cash flow positive for OFS in the company.
Lorenzo Simonelli : And I'd just say, this is very much in line with the strategy we've laid out to focus on margin rate accretion and also return on invested capital. So, you can see the decisions that we've made are really just accelerating that at this time with the North America land drilling and completion fluids that we are moving out of, as well as some of the smaller commoditized completions-driven activities.
Operator: Thank you. I would now like to turn the call back over to management for any further remarks.
Lorenzo Simonelli : Just like to thank everybody for joining the call. Stay well and stay safe. And we look forward to speaking to you again soon.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in todays conference. This concludes the program. You may all disconnect. Everyone have a great day.

===== 2019 Q4  (2020-01-22 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Baker Hughes Company Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2019 Earnings Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions will follow at that time. [Operator Instructions]. As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded. I would now like to introduce your host for today's conference, Mr. Jud Bailey, Vice President of Investor Relations. Sir, you may begin.
Judson Bailey: Thank you. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to the Baker Hughes Company fourth quarter and full year 2019 earnings conference call. Here with me are our Chairman and CEO, Lorenzo Simonelli; and our CFO, Brian Worrell. The earnings release we issued earlier today can be found on our website at bakerhughes.com. As a reminder, during the course of this conference call, we will provide forward-looking statements. These statements are not guarantees of future performance and involve a number of risks and assumptions. Please review our SEC filings and website for a discussion of some of the factors that could cause actual results to differ materially. As you know, reconciliations of operating income and other non-GAAP to GAAP measures can be found in our earnings release. With that, I will turn the call over to Lorenzo.
Lorenzo Simonelli: Thank you, Jud. Good morning, everyone, and thanks for joining us. We delivered a solid fourth quarter with strong orders in our Turbomachinery and Oilfield Equipment segments, solid operating performance from our TPS business, strong free cash flow and better execution in our Digital Solutions business. These positives were partially offset by weaker-than-expected margin performance from our OFS business. For the full year 2019, we achieved a number of key milestones, including 20% year-over-year order growth in TPS, almost 300 basis points of margin improvement in TPS, 12% order growth in OFE and free cash flow of $1.2 billion. In addition, we accelerated our separation efforts from GE, launched our new company brand and positioned ourselves to compete more effectively in a changing marketplace. I cannot thank our employees enough for their hard work and dedication to achieve our goals throughout the year. As we look into 2020, we see a macro environment that is slowly improving as well as a range of opportunities to further strengthen Baker Hughes on both the near-term and long-term basis. In the near-term, we continue to identify and execute on opportunities to improve our day-to-day operations and cash flow efficiency in 2020. Looking out on a longer-term basis, we see a number of attractive growth opportunities for our company. And we remain focused on positioning Baker Hughes for the upcoming energy transitions and the digital transformation of the industry. This balance between near-term and long-term objectives can be found in each of the strategic goals that I highlighted on our last earnings call. To remind you, these goals are: One, margin improvement in our Oilfield Services and Oilfield Equipment businesses. Two, evolving our portfolio, specifically leveraging some of our unique core competencies to expand our offerings in the industrial and chemical end markets, as well as improving our position for the energy transition. And three, continuing to expand our digital offerings to drive greater efficiency, as well as safer and more reliable operations for our customers, together with our AI partner C3. Over the last several months, we have spoken at length about our first goal of execution and operational improvement, which remains an important focus for Baker Hughes in 2020. However, today, I'd like to spend some time providing insight on how we're thinking about our goal of portfolio evolution and positioning for the energy transition.  As you know, energy transition is an important topic that has gained a significant amount of momentum in the industry and in the investment community over the last six to 12 months. As we have stated previously, Baker Hughes is firmly committed to playing a leading role in a lower carbon future. One year ago, we made our own commitment to achieve net-zero carbon emission by 2050. And our corporate strategy remains clearly focused on being the leading energy technology company to help facilitate the energy transition. As we look ahead to the next two decades, there are various published forecasts on the long-term demand outlook for hydrocarbons and the expected growth rate for renewable energy sources. Within these forecasts, there are wide ranges of predictions for growth or peak demand for the different types of hydrocarbons in the coming decade.  Our view remains that in almost any scenario, natural gas will be the key transition fuel, and perhaps even a destination fuel for a lower carbon future. As a result, we believe that natural gas demand will grow at more than twice the pace of oil over the next 10 years, and that LNG demand growth will be higher still at an annual rate of 4% to 5%. Against this backdrop, we believe that Baker Hughes is uniquely positioned to provide technologies and solutions that help our customers lower their carbon footprint. While there is a strong recognition of our world class LNG franchise, our broad portfolio also offers a wide range of products that help customers lower their carbon footprint today, and that are directly tied to the continued growth in renewable energy sources. Some examples of these products are well known. Like our LM9000 aeroderivative gas turbine, which can reduce NOx emissions by 40% and overall CO2 equivalent emissions by up to 25% compared to alternative turbines in its class. However, there are broader system level uses, where our TPS equipment has the opportunity to be deployed in carbon reduction applications.  For example, our core technologies in compression have the capability to help deliver carbon capture, utilization and storage. And we are actively marketing these solutions to customers today. In one application we reconfigured our NovaLT gas turbine generator technology to operate 100% on hydrogen, and we continue to explore opportunities in the hydrogen value chain in both transportation and production.  As another example, our turbomachinery equipment can be used to help deliver mechanical storage of energy for use in peak demand for renewables, enabling customers to store and deliver renewable source energy to the grid efficiently and effectively.  In addition, we see three new technology areas emerging as part of the energy transition, for which our Digital Solutions segment is uniquely positioned. The first is emissions monitoring where our products such as LUMEN and Avitas are directly applicable. LUMEN is a suite of methane monitoring and inspection solution and Avitas offers smart inspection and monitoring service solutions in both land and aerial applications. The secondary is emissions reduction, where our Flare.IQ flare management system allows downstream operators to reduce flaring emissions by 90%. The third area is condition monitoring for renewables, specifically in wind turbine application. Our Bentley Nevada business within Digital Solutions has monitoring devices which ensure detectability of the most costly and critical drive trains failure modes, deployed on more than 32,000 wind turbines globally, a tremendous installed base we have built over the last decade.  While these technologies combined represent a small percentage of Baker Hughes' overall revenue today, they are products and services that we believe have a great growth potential, and also provide a strong platform for future product introductions, and carbon-based initiatives with customers. As we execute on these near-term and long-term strategic initiatives, we're also mindful of the ever changing macro backdrop across the energy markets. On this note, we generally believe that macro fundamentals have slightly improved over the last few months as dynamics from both demand and supply side have become more positive.  With that said, our incrementally positive view of the macro environment is tempered by growing geopolitical risk, most notably in the Middle East. On the demand side, the outlook for oil and gas has modestly improved with the recent phase one trade deal, the slight improvement in PMIs for key economies, and continued positive economic data out of U.S. We believe that these variables should be supportive of a firm oil demand outlook in 2020, and one in which our customers will continue to execute their budget plans and advance important projects.  On the supply side, the outlook is also firm with another recent round of OPEC production cuts and more signs of slowing U.S. production growth. Importantly, we believe the continuation of solid demand growth, combined with the growing commitment to E&P capital discipline help support a more constructive macro outlook. Further, we believe the continuation of these trends could begin to reduce excess crude inventory by later this year or into 2021 and for multiple years of growth internationally.  Although the macro environment appears to be improving, our overall outlook for our OFS and OFE segments remain largely unchanged from the framework we outlined on our third quarter earnings call. For our OFS segment, we now believe that North America D&C spend in 2020 is trending towards a low double-digit decline rate versus 2019. This view is based on early E&P budget announcements and the lower exit rate in the fourth quarter of 2019. We continue to believe that our differentiated OFS portfolio will provide somewhat of a buffer to the challenges in the North American markets.  Internationally, our expectations remain mid-single-digit growth, but with a slight bias to the upside, driven primarily by an improving pipeline of opportunities. In the OFE segment, our outlook is for the subsea tree market to remain stable, around 300 trees in 2020. We expect to maintain our position in the subsea market driven by strong execution for customers and continued traction with our Subsea Connect strategy.  For TPS, while we do not expect the exceptionally strong year for LNG FIDs in 2019 to repeat in 2020, our outlook for this segment remains constructive as we execute the largest backlog in the company's history and expect continued growth in services and non-LNG equipment awards. For the LNG portion of our TPS segment our outlook remains constructive. Despite some softness in near-term spot prices competition from our customers has not changed materially. If spot price weakness persists, we would expect this to shift the balance of future FIDs towards more economically advance into brownfield projects in the 2021 to 2025 timeframe.  We were pleased to see around 90 MTPA of LNG FIDs between the fourth quarter of 2018 and the end of 2019. While just short of the 100 MTPA before the industry for FID in this period, we believe that FID activity in 2020 should remain solid, and at least in line with the average annual FID level witnessed in the prior cycle between 2011 and 2015.  In our Digital Solutions segment, we continue to believe global GDP growth is the most relevant metric by which to forecast this business given the variety of end markets it serves. The oil and gas market drives approximately 50% of DS revenue, where 20% is coming from the power market and the balance from a number of industries, including aerospace, automation, consumer electronics and other industrials. With over 90% of DS revenue coming from hardware and associated software solutions across a range of brands such as Bently Nevada, Nexus Controls, Druck, Panametrics and Reuter-Stokes, this is a mature, stable business with the best-in-class measurement, sensing and inspection technology.  In summary, we delivered a solid fourth quarter and full year 2019. We are clearly focused on executing our strategy and generating strong free cash flow, improving margins and driving returns.  With that, let me turn the call over to Brian. 
Brian Worrell: Thanks, Lorenzo. I will begin with the total company results and then move into the segment details. Orders for the quarter were $6.9 billion, up 1% year-over-year and down 11% sequentially. The year-over-year growth was driven by strong orders in Oilfield Equipment. Sequentially the decrease was driven by Turbomachinery which booked a very large LNG order in the third quarter. Remaining performance obligation was $22.9 billion, up 3% sequentially.  Equipment RPO ended at $8.1 billion, up 10% sequentially and services RPO ended at $14.8 billion. Our total company book-to-bill ratio in the quarter was 1.1 and our equipment book-to-bill in the quarter was 1.2. Revenue for the quarter was $6.3 billion, up 8% sequentially driven by Turbomachinery, Digital Solutions and Oilfield Equipment offset by Oilfield Services. Year-over-year revenue was up 1%, driven by OFS and OFE offset by declines in TPS and DS.  Operating income for the quarter was $331 million, which is up 11% sequentially and down 13% year-over-year. Adjusted operating income was $546 million, which excludes $216 million of restructuring, separation and other charges. We incurred $135 million of new restructuring charges in our OFS business during the quarter as we continue to work through a new phase of cost out and productivity initiatives. These are primarily focused on supply chain optimization, improving asset utilization and driving down product and service delivery costs. Separation and merger-related charges in the quarter were $57 million. Adjusted operating income was up 30% sequentially, and up 10% year-over-year. Our adjusted operating income rate for the quarter was 8.6%, up 140 basis points sequentially, and up 70 basis points year-over-year.  Corporate costs were $118 million in the quarter, which is modestly higher than third quarter levels and our initial expectations a few months ago. We expect the corporate line to increase slightly from this level in 2020 as we continue to accelerate our separation efforts. I will go into more detail on these costs in a moment.  Depreciation and amortization was $354 million, down sequentially and flat year-over-year. We expect depreciation and amortization to remain around this level in the first quarter of 2020. Tax expense for the quarter was $212 million which was higher than expected, driven by the geographic mix of earnings and certain UN provisions.  GAAP earnings per share were $0.07, down $0.03 sequentially and down $0.21 year-over-year. Adjusted earnings per share were $0.27, up $0.06 essentially, and up $0.01 year-over-year. Free cash flow in the quarter was $1.1 billion, which was above our expectations. We delivered $639 million from working capital driven by strong collection and inventory management in OFS, as well as progress collections in TPS and OFE.  Overall, we are very pleased with the cash performance in the fourth quarter as OFS saw improvements after the shortfall in the third quarter. We continue to see improvement in our working capital processes and are focused on optimizing our cash operations to ensure we deliver on our free cash flow conversion target.  When I look at the total year 2019, I'm pleased with our financial results which reflect our consistent execution on the priorities we set out at the beginning of the year. Orders for the full year were up 13% in 2019 driven by 20% order growth in TPS and 12% order growth in OFE.  TPS book-to-bill was 1.4 in the year and OFE book-to-bill was 1.2. Full year revenue was up 4%. Our OFS and OFE businesses were both up 11% offset by declines in TPS and DS.  Despite a challenging macro environment for the broader energy market, we were able to grow total company adjusted operating income margins by 60 basis points. We drove margin higher in three of our four segments with improvements of 270 basis points in TPS, 190 basis points in OFE and 40 basis points in OFS, offset by a 120 basis point decline in DS. Overall, the results of each of our product companies are in line with the framework we outlined at the beginning of the year. Corporate costs for the year were $433 million. As I mentioned, we expect to incur an additional $50 million to $60 million of corporate costs in 2020 related to the ramp up in separation efforts. We have a significant number of transition services agreements in place with GE across a range of functions including IT, HR, treasury, and other infrastructure to ensure we maintain the continuity of our business operations.  Importantly, we expect these incremental costs to recede in 2021 as we roll off the transition services agreements and utilize our own systems. In conjunction with the separation activities, we are also taking the opportunity to upgrade our systems and sunsets and aging processes and infrastructure to ensure Baker Hughes is best positioned to drive further efficiencies in our operations which should lead to higher margins.  We generated $1.2 billion of free cash flow in 2019. We were very pleased with our cash performance in the year and continued to improve our working capital metrics. We invested $976 million in net capital expenditures in 2019 and we expect to see similar net CapEx levels in 2020. Included in our 2019 free cash flow results are $307 million of restructuring, separation and merger-related cash outflows. As we have outlined, we expect restructuring-related outflows to decline in 2020 offset by an increase in separation-related cash outflows.  Given the strong level of free cash flow generated in 2019, we ended the year with $3.2 billion of cash on hand and net debt of $3.4 billion after returning $1 billion of cash to shareholders through buybacks and dividends. We continue to see our balance sheet as a key strength and differentiator in this cyclical industry. Now, I will walk you through the segment results in more detail and give our thoughts on the outlook going forward. In Oilfield Services, the team continues to navigate a challenging environment in North America, while driving strong growth internationally. OFS revenue in the quarter was $3.3 billion, which was down 2% sequentially. North American revenue was down 11% sequentially, driven by declining rig count and weaker completions in U.S. land, as well as a double-digit sequential decline in our Gulf of Mexico operations.  International revenue was up 4% sequentially driven by continued growth in the Middle East, Asia Pacific and Latin America. Operating income in the quarter was $235 million, down 14% sequentially, and margins declined 110 basis points. OFS margins were below our expectations, primarily due to weaker North American results and lower product sales than originally planned. Despite coming in slightly below our expectations, we believe the margin headwinds in the fourth quarter are largely transitory and our expectations for 2020 are unchanged. As we look at 2020 for our OFS segment, we expect international spending to increase in the mid-single-digit range with most of the growth coming from a number of offshore markets and regional strength in the Middle East, North Sea, and parts of Latin America.  Given our focus on execution and improving margins, I would expect our international OFS business to generally track in line with industry trends.  In North America, we expect U.S. D&C spend to decline low-double-digits versus 2019 as domestic E&Ps continue to restrain spending to generate more free cash flow.  Similar to 2019, we would expect revenue for our North American OFS business to outperform industry spending trends given our production weighted mix. For margins, we expect to deliver year-over-year growth driven primarily by our cost out and productivity enhancement actions. I will also reiterate that over time, our goal remains to close the margin gap with peers. As we look ahead to the first quarter, we expect North America to get off to a relatively slow start and expect typical seasonal trends in key Eastern Hemisphere markets like the North Sea and Russia. As a result, we expect total OFS revenue to experience a modest sequential decline, and for margins to decline slightly but still remain well above year ago margin levels.  Next, I will cover Oilfield Equipment. Orders in the quarter were $1.1 billion, up 6% year-over-year, driven by growth in both equipment and service orders. Equipment book-to-bill in OFE was 1.7. We booked several key awards in the quarter totaling 22 trees, which brings our 2019 total to 73 trees. With this level of awards, we maintained a similar position in the market as in 2018.  Revenue was $765 million, up 5% year-over-year. This increase was primarily driven by better Subsea Services activity and Subsea Production Systems volumes, partially offset by lower revenues in flexibles. Operating income was $16 million, up 28% year-over-year, driven by increased volume in SPS. Operating margins were up 20 basis points sequentially and up 40 basis points year-over-year. As we look at our OFE segment in 2020, we believe that offshore market fundamentals should support another solid year of orders with subsea tree award expected to remain relatively consistent with 2019. For 2020, we believe that OFE should see revenue growth in the high single-digit range, following two years of strong orders growth. We expect volume growth in SPS and improving mix from flexibles to drive solid margin improvement in OFE in 2020.  For the first quarter, we expect the trend of year-over-year revenue growth to continue as we execute on the positive momentum from our SPS and flexibles product lines. Based on the anticipated project conversion schedule, we expect OFE revenues to increase in the mid-single-digit range on a year-over-year basis, along with modest margin improvement. Moving to Turbomachinery. Orders in the quarter were $1.9 billion, down 10% year-over-year. Equipment orders were down 16% year-over-year and equipment book-to-bill was 1.5. During the quarter, we booked an award for the liquefaction equipment on Totals Mozambique Area 1 LNG project and we had some important wins in onshore/offshore production, including two FPSO awards in Latin America. Service orders in the quarter were down 4% year-over-year, mainly driven by lower contractual services, offset by higher transactional services and upgrades. Revenue for the quarter was $1.6 billion, down 8% versus the prior year. For the quarter, services revenue was down 2% versus the prior year, and equipment revenue was down 18%, driven primarily by business dispositions. Operating income for TPS was $305 million, up 19% year-over-year, driven by higher services mix and cost productivity. Operating margin was 18.7%, up 430 basis points year-over-year and up 520 basis points sequentially.  Overall, TPS results for the quarter came in slightly above our expectations with a much stronger margin rate, offsetting revenue that was below our expectations. While the supply chain issues that impacted the third quarter lingered into the fourth quarter, the primary driver behind the lower-than-expected revenue was slower conversion of our equipment backlog than we anticipated. Rod and the team have done a very good job of managing costs and execution, as they work to deliver on the largest LNG equipment backlog in TPS' history. The 2020 outlook we provided for TPS last quarter remains largely similar. Given the consecutive years of strong order growth in 2018 and 2019, we expect year-over-year revenue growth of roughly 20% and for margins to continue to expand. I would note, however, that our current expectation for revenue conversion is weighted more towards the second half of the year based on project timing. For orders, we still believe that TPS could be flat to down low double-digits compared to 2019 levels. As you know, timing on large projects can vary which drives a wide range of scenarios. As we think about the first quarter, we expect TPS revenues to be roughly flat with first quarter 2019 levels, given the equipment conversion schedules that I previously mentioned. On the margin front, we expect to show solid improvement on a year-over-year basis. Finally, on Digital Solutions. Orders for the quarter were $645 million, down 4% year-over-year. Growth in our controls and inspection businesses was partially offset by declines in Measurement & Sensing and Pipeline & Process Solutions. Regionally, we saw strong orders growth in Asia and the Middle East, offset by declines in the other regions. Revenue for the quarter was $659 million, down 5% year-over-year, primarily due to the sale of a digital APM product line. Excluding the impact of this disposition, revenue was down slightly with growth in Bentley Nevada, inspection and Measurement & Sensing offset by declines in Controls and Pipeline & Process Solutions. Operating income for the quarter was $109 million, down 5% year-over-year, driven by lower volume. Despite the decline in year-over-year revenue, we delivered on productivity and costs out to hold the margin rate flat versus the fourth quarter of 2018.  Looking ahead to the full year 2024 for DS, we continue to expect revenue growth in the low single-digits, and modestly higher margins. This outlook takes into account a GDP plus growth rate but anticipates that DS is likely to see some continued softness in the power business. Revenue growth will also be impacted as we pivot our software strategy with the sale of the digital APM offering and work closely with our AI partner C3 on new opportunities.  For the first quarter, we expect revenue to decline in the mid single-digits year-over-year and for margins to decline modestly due to the non-repeat of a large project in the first quarter of 2019. In closing, we delivered a strong fourth quarter finishing at a solid 2019 for Baker Hughes. As we look forward to 2020, we are clearly focused on executing our strategy and generating strong free cash flow, improving margins and driving returns.  With that, I will turn the call back over to Jud.
Judson Bailey: Thank you. Operator, lets open the call for questions.
Operator: [Operator instructions]. Our first question comes from James West with Evercore ISI. 
James West: So Lorenzo, you guys are clear leaders in the energy transition here. And I wanted to maybe talk a little bit high level about the various buckets youre attacking this. I mean clearly natural gas is a big part of the strategy and I know you have some lead products there. You also have your own internal ESG plans and goals, many of which you've been highlighted over the last year. But then you also have products and services that hit all parts of the carbon chain, whether that's monitoring and then carbon capture. So how do you think about -- I mean if I bucket those into those three, if that's the way you think about it, if not, please let me know. But how do you think about which ones do you want to allocate more capital to, less capital to, which are the bigger growth drivers maybe in the intermediate term for Baker, and then I guess what is your overall strategy?
Lorenzo Simonelli: Yes, James. Thanks. And as you know as the energy transition -- the beam of energy transition has gained a lot of attention over the course of the last 12 months. A year ago, you'll recall that we actually made our commitment relative to reducing our own carbon footprint 50% by 2030, and achieve net-zero by 2050. And as you look at Baker Hughes, we're really playing a critical role in the energy transition across a number of areas given our broad portfolio, and I highlighted some of those in the script that was prepared. But if you look at some of the key areas, the first I would say is, as you look at natural gas and you look at LNG, clearly energy transition in reducing the amount of CO2, there is going to be an increasing use of natural gas as a transition but also destination target. And we see that LNG is going to continue to grow over the next few decades even as renewables grows as well. And thats a key focus for us with the introduction that weve made with the LM9000, also our first application, the NovaLT, which is hydrogen-based. So clearly a shift towards -- on the -- with the tech and equipment side helping in the energy transition.  Beyond that as you look kind of also the Digital Solutions platform, clearly what we have is LUMEN and also Avitas, these are solutions that enable our customers to monitor and also understand how they can reduce their carbon footprint. So if you look at our broad portfolio, we are uniquely positioned and thats what we say from a standpoint of moving energy forwards and also being an energy technology company, we're going to be helping our customers and partners through this energy transition.
Brian Worrell: Yes, I mean James if you look at how we're allocating capital, clearly we are continuing to invest in TPS which is having an impact today. Weve got lots of opportunities in adjacencies in TPS. We are going to put a little bit of capital to work either do technology development or some partnerships and can grow our footprint there. And then Digital Solutions, its a high-margin business to get good returns we will continue to invest capital there. So I think you will see us balance the capital allocation with short-term and then long-term as we continue to pivot the portfolio as part of energy transition. So we will update you if there are any changes to that. But I think weve got a pretty good approach right now to drive short-term growth in margins as well as position the portfolio for the long-term. 
James West: Yes, totally agree. And then maybe a follow up on the LNG pricing issue, short-term pricing weakness has impacted perception of the LNG, a liquefaction build-out story. But it seems to me -- two things. One, it hasnt really changed the conversations on better capitalized projects. And number two, lower prices now probably see the better demand in the future for LNG. Are those fair statements that I am making and do you agree that it's not going to cause any real weakness in the kind of build-out cycle beyond the -- I know we are onto the same record, GE we saw last year but other than we're pretty much full steam ahead? 
Lorenzo Simonelli: Yes, James, looking at it the right way. If you look at recent LNG spot price weakness, it doesnt change the overall long-term LNG demand and supply dynamics. And in fact the conversations we're having with our customers are really towards the continued demand for LNG over the long-term. And if you take a step back, you look at where we're going to be by 2030, its going to be between 550 million to 600 million tons of demand and to produce that you're going to need 700 million tons of installed capacity. So even with where we are today with the construction of 60 MTPA and also the 90 that was FID last year, you still got another 130 million to 150 million thats going to go in the next coming year. And so we feel good about the LNG space and feel good about the long-term aspect of it. 
Operator: Thank you. Your next question comes from Angie Sedita with Goldman Sachs. 
Angie Sedita: So I appreciate the details Brian on the revenue side when we think about 2020 Q1. But if you could drill down a little bit on the margin side, thoughts around Oilfield Service margins in 2020. I know you're not where you really want to be but how much self help you think you could have going into the year for 2020 and when do you think we could start to see some parity versus your peers? 
Brian Worrell: Hey, Angie. Look, we did see margins below where we wanted them to be in the fourth quarter and there wasn't really one thing that I can point to lets say was the main driver. There were a couple things going on that impacted the margin. I'd say first is we saw slightly lower-than-anticipated activity in the U.S. land market for us which we think was really largely customer and basin specific. We also saw as we went into the end of the year some weakness in Gulf of Mexico operations, which obviously carries higher margin rates for obvious reasons there. And then lastly I'd say our products sales were lower than we anticipated. We knew they were going to be lower because if you remember we had a very strong third quarter as we accelerated some of those product deliveries to meet customer demand, and we did have some of those flip out of the quarters. So, those three things combined put pressure on the margin rate versus what we expected. But based on what I'm seeing today, they are largely transitory in nature and I don't see them impacting us we roll into 2020. And if I look at 2020, we expect a large portion of that margin improvement to as you say be self-help with cost out and productivity initiatives that were driving. So, we posted some restructuring reserves in the quarter as we had very specific programs in supply chain and service delivery across Maria Claudias portfolio to help drive the margin rate improvement. And I'd say that the other thing that supports margin rate improvement in 2020 is, we are really getting to the maturation phase of some of the larger integrated contracts internationally, where we saw some ramp up costs this year and weve come up the learning curve. So, I can see strong margin improvement in those contracts. So, that should certainly help the overall margin rate. And if I look at the overall cost out and productivity initiatives, there are really two buckets Angie. One is around efficiency in operations optimization and other is around product costs. So, for instance around product costs we've been working for quite some time with the engineering and product teams to identify specific areas where we can go in and drive cost out, some of that is target costing, some of its looking at a broader supply base and some of its looking at overheads to see how we can leverage overheads globally more efficiently. On the efficiency and productivity side, we're looking at a lot of opportunities to cross-train individuals to make sure you wont have send multiple people who are going to have idle time when they are out on a rig and its taken us some time to really get to those details and understand how to attack that, both with what we put up in restructuring in the quarter and the plans we have in place, we feel good about our ability to continue to grow margins in 2020 in OFS. So, our framework is really unchanged and Maria Claudia and the team as well as all enterprise are focused on getting those margin rates up.
Angie Sedita: Thanks. That's very helpful, Brian. I appreciate that. So maybe if you can do the same thing around TPS, given the strong backlog you already had [indiscernible]. Thoughts around margins for 2020. I think you said in past maybe low to mid teens, is that still a fair assumption? And do you think ultimately that the high teens is where you would consider your run rate?
Brian Worrell: Yes, Angie. I am very pleased with how Rod and the team to have closed out the year and are managing customer expectations with this incredibly large backlog and balancing cost and returns as they go through this. So, pleased with where they are today. Look, our outlook for 2020 for margin is again largely unchanged with what we talked about in the last call. And just to remind you, there are a few dynamics that come into play that really impact how much margin accretion we will have in the year. First, we expect contractual services and transactional services to grow in 2020, which is accretive to margins. You mentioned the large backlog, the largest in our history. We will see more LNG equipment revenue come through in 2020. While that is accretive to overall equipment margin, it does have a negative mix effect as weve talked about for the total business. And then we are in the early stages of executing on the two very large LNG projects, Arctic 2, and BG which tend to have lowest margin point at the beginning of execution and you start to see that accrete over time. So that will have an impact there. And then we've talked a bit about the technology spend in TPS and we said we were evaluating that. And back to actually James earlier question, we see a lot of opportunity in energy transition to continue to grow this franchise and strengthen this position in the marketplace. So I'd expect technology spend to be roughly where it is this year.  So if you add all that up, Id say that the more revenue we have, the faster it grows, impacts the magnitude of the upside in margins. And you saw that come through in the dynamics of third and fourth quarter, and how strong the services was versus the equipment. But overall goal is to continue to drive margin enhancement in the business. And over time we do see mid to high teens as revenue normalizes in the portfolio and services continue to grow. And with the large equipment backlog we have now such in LNG, you'll start to see that services backlog grow over time as we sign customers up for long-term service agreements. So largely unchanged tailwinds in the business. And I think Rod and the team have done a great job managing through that. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Chase Mulvehill with Bank of America Merrill Lynch. 
Chase Mulvehill: I guess I wanted to come back to the TPS service commentary. Earlier you talked about the largest LNG backlog in the history and you kind of touched on some of the digital things that you're doing. Could you talk a little bit about the opportunities that you have on this -- the LNG service side with this significant backlog and then what digital ultimately means for the TPS or the LNG service business? And potentially maybe some shift over to the contractual side of the services business?
Brian Worrell: Yes, Chase. Look, very happy with how the services business is performing in TPS. And on a reported basis, for the year, the service revenue was flattish, slightly down. When you take into account some of the dispositions that we had, as well as the impact of FX for the total year, revenue actually was up mid-single-digits operationally. So pretty much in line with how we would expect this portfolio to perform. And this year it represents about 60% of TPS' revenue. And that will obviously change over time as the equipment starts to convert. And as you pointed out, contractual services is a big piece of that as our transactional services and that contractual services backlog is about $13 billion today. And we expect that to continue to grow. And just round out services, we do have installations and upgrades, including theirs as well as some services on pumps and valves but the large majority are contractual services. If I take a look at the transactional piece, we had growth in 2019 in mid single-digits. I would expect that to continue into 2020. And from a digital standpoint, lots of opportunities in the services portfolio. One internally to help us operate better and use our partnership with C3. Weve got tons of data on this equipment and how we operate in the field. We think that C3 can help us unlock even more internal productivity as we execute on the service contracts and provide transactional services and upgrades and then additional opportunities to introduce some of this into these contractual services to help the customers equipment perform better. And then there's lots of things we can do with the data that, that we have from things that aren't on contractual services and put together offerings for customers to help drive better productivity, and better uptime for the equipment.  So, I think it's an untapped opportunity right now. We're not counting on a lot of that as we roll into 2020. We'll be working a lot with C3 and our teams. And I would expect to see some of this digital things kick in the outer years to have a meaningful impact on revenue.
Lorenzo Simonelli: Hey, Chase, just maybe to add. If you look at on the digital side and the C3 partnership, we have actually launched already two solutions into the marketplace, one around reliability, which really targets the uptime for the equipment and that can be applied to the service agreements and drive efficiency and productivity, and then also optimization. And so, really if we look at the next few years, digital is a key area of focus and it's going to drive a lot of efficiencies.
Chase Mulvehill: One real quick follow up. I mean obviously you got the GE offering overhanging out there still. Could you talk to you know how much Baker Hughes would look to repurchase alongside an offering. Should we think of it kind of free cash flow after dividend for 2020? Or would you actually add a little bit of leverage to take down a little bit more stock?
Brian Worrell: Chase, I'd say that look our overall capital allocation and corporate finance policy really hasn't changed from what weve talked about in terms of commitments to return 40% to 50% of net to shareholders through dividends and buybacks. And I think as you and I have talked before, we will certainly evaluate any potential offerings by GE and put that into our thinking as we allocate capital over the course of the year. So no real change there in terms of how we are thinking about it. And you should assume that we are certainly taking that into account as we look at our free cash flow, and all of our message for the year.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from David Anderson with Barclays.
David Anderson: I was hoping to dig into a little bit in your chemicals business here, which is gaining some more attention lately with your biggest competitor changing hands. I'm wondering if you can just talk about the business mix and what you see as the primary growth drivers the next several years in terms of offshore-onshore, now down downstream, which is not really a market we hear much about. You had a big contract with Valero today. Could you just kind of talk about that business and how you see that developing?
Lorenzo Simonelli: Yes, Dave, if you look at our chemical franchise, and again, we've mentioned it before that we think it's a great area that we've been in on the upstream side and actually got a good footprint in North America. And we've actually allocated capital to increase our presence internationally. If you look at our expansion in Singapore facility, as well as in the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia, and I think actually the M&A activity you just mentioned validates a lot of the approach that we've had. Weve got an increasing usage of chemicals, when you look at enhanced oil recovery. You've also got an opportunity on the downstream side, as you mentioned, which weve got an opportunity thats growing. And when you look at the specialty chemicals that we provide and its application, it's increasing across both the upstream and downstream. So we feel good about the strategy we got in place and also the growth in Baker Hughes chemicals business over time. 
Brian Worrell: Yes. And David, if I look at where we are today, we're predominantly North America. We do have an international presence. But with the investments we're making in Singapore and Saudi to shift capacity, we see more growth coming for us internationally. And today, we're mostly upstream. We do have some downstream and I think there's a lot of growth opportunities for us in downstream as well. And the other thing Id point out about the investments that we're making, the Singapore investment is really going to reduce our cost base, better manufacturing, better supply chain costs, better logistics costs. And then what we're doing in Saudi is really size for the region to allow us to be very responsive to a lot of very large customers in that region. So again, we like this space. We're putting capital to work there, and we would expect to see growth and margin accretion in chemicals. 
David Anderson: Yes, I can say presumably this is rather accretive to your test business Id assume, correct?
Brian Worrell: Yes, we like this business. Yes.
David Anderson: Okay. And maybe just on a different subject. I just want to ask about kind of your OFS business, things in North America and just kind of how you feel about kind of where you are and whether or not you're satisfied out there? Ive seen some reports out there that potentially you may be looking to exit the Lufkin rod lift business. I would have thought that it would be kind of part of your longer term strategy. You talked about more of the production side. But maybe this is more capital intensive than you'd like. I was just wondering if maybe you could comment on that, and perhaps more broadly on your North American mix in terms of where you want to be?
Brian Worrell: Yes, Dave, Id say weve talked about the portfolio before. And I basically said we want to focus the company in areas that are highly differentiated with less fragmentation that allow us to generate higher returns. And look as we look at the energy transition and how we expect that to unfold, if there are areas that don't meet that criteria, we would potentially look to generate cash by not having those in the portfolio and redeploying that cash into areas where we can get higher returns over the short-term and are a benefit long-term within the portfolio.  So I'd say look the North American market has changed quite a bit over the last few years. And there are some areas where we think the technology or the fragmentation are going to make it harder to get returns that justify them being inside the portfolio, we will continue to look at that. But nothing right now that I need to update you on in terms of things that are changing and as we have news we will certainly let you know. But I want you to understand, we are focused on returns here and where we deploy this incremental capital dollars. And I think the market has changed quite a bit, and we'll be looking some things.
Operator: Our next question comes from Sean Meakim with JP Morgan.
Sean Meakim: So, good free cash in the quarter, typical seasonality and maybe some catch up from 3Q in OFS like you mentioned. Of the $600 million working capital benefit, how much would you attribute to just typical seasonal collections versus progress payments on some of the new projects coming in? I was just thinking maybe with perhaps the peak order cycle in '19, we'll see. Can you maybe just talk about how the cash flow profile looks over the course of a typical TPS project? And how that should influence expectations for free cash in '20 and '21 as you start to convert these projects? 
Brian Worrell: Sean, I would say, we did have typical seasonality and I think the majority of what we saw in the quarter was related to that typical seasonality. As we talked about on the third quarter call, OFS came in below expectations. And they really turned the corner here in the fourth quarter by making up on some of that miss. It was really driven by strong collection process overall and that's all the way from billing on time, following up, getting the collections in. And then the team did a really good job of managing inventory inputs as we had been making a lot of process changes over the course of the year and that came through.  We did have some benefits from progress collections in TPS and OFE, but I think you have to look at it in totality, it's a small piece. But progress is only one piece of the equation, because at the same time you're getting down-payments where you're getting progress collections as you're executing on a project, you're also bringing in inventories as well. So, it's not a one-to-one follow through in terms of free cash flow, you have to look at more accounts on the balance sheet.  And in the TPS typically, you start out with a down-payment. We have long lead items that you bring into the project. And then based on certain milestones you bill the customer and you collect. So, one of the first things I look at in any TPS project is cash curve to see what our cash position looks like in that. And our goal is to have them be favourable from a cash flow standpoint. So, you will see ebbs and flows in progress collections over the lifecycle of a project and receivables and inventory. But I would say, it was a small impact here in the fourth quarter.  As I go into 2020 and look at how I think it will play out, we should see a smaller impact from progress payments than we saw in 2019, but do believe that the improvements we've been driving in working capital processes across the franchise, not just in OFS, should help offset that. The other thing I would say is the CapEx, net CapEx to be roughly flat from dollar standpoint, but down as a percentage of sales as obviously we see more growth in TPS and OFE. And in the round out free cash flow in total Sean, we do expect restructuring cash outlay to be down significantly, but the separation cash outlay will offset that. So, net-net the good dynamics as we roll into 2020 for free cash flow strength. 
Sean Meakim: Got it. Thank you for that, Brian. So maybe just coming back to margin progression in TPS. So you got strong revenue growth this year, you topped up your guidance today versus last quarter. I think that make sense. We got somewhat limited historicals from last cycle. So how much of a track record in terms of incremental margins? And I think early on the call you talked about kind of high level of the impact between fixed costs absorption versus services versus equipment mix. Just as we roll all that together in terms of the flow through to year-over-year incremental margins, how do you think about that on a normalized basis? 
Brian Worrell: Yes, look, Sean, as I said, it really depends on how quickly revenue grows on the equipment side and so what the absolute margin percentage increase will be. But under all the scenarios that I see today, we do see some margin accretion in TPS. I will note that based on the customer requested delivery schedules and way the projects are executed, we do see the second half being much heavier from an equipment standpoint and an overall revenue standpoint. So we would expect the second half to be much larger from a revenue standpoint. And then obviously has an impact on the fixed cost absorption as you look at more revenue in the first half. So, look, we will continue to update you throughout the year of changes. But right now, that's how I see things playing out.
Operator: Thanks. Your next question comes from Bill Herbert with Simmons.
Bill Herbert : So, back to cash flow and free cash flow Brian just very quickly. One, do you expect working capital to be a cash generator or cash consumer in 2020? And secondly, remind us what your free cash flow conversion target is? I think its like 90% of net income. And if that's the case, it seems like you are going to crush that again. So, maybe update us on both of those please. Thank you.
Brian Worrell : Okay, Bill. Yes. So, if I look at the free cash flow conversion target, it is 90% of net income over time. And again, you are going to have some years based on the projects business and how we're driving working capital where you could exceed that, in some years where it could be below that based on mix of business. So, 90% is through the cycle goal. And if I look at overall working capital with the dynamics we talked about earlier, the strong progress weve seen from 2019, again not quite as strong in 2020 but we will have some offsets with the other working capital processes that we are driving. I mean you could see a year where working capital is slight usage based on those dynamics and the growth that we have in the portfolio, but you should expect our working capital metrics to continue to improve.
Operator: Next question comes from Scott Gruber with Citigroup.
Scott Gruber : Just a couple of detailed ones here. What was the profitability split between the North American OFS business and international business in 4Q and is that spread pretty similar to what you're looking for in 1Q? And then it sounds like you believe that the Gulf activity slumped, which impacted 4Q, is this transitory. Does that snap back in 1Q? Is that in your guide or is that more of a 2Q event?
Brian Worrell: Yes, Scott. Look, we do see some improvement in 1Q in the Gulf. I don't know exactly Ill call it a snap back, but we do see improvement there. And obviously that has a positive impact on margin rate, as I said for obvious reasons. So, look, frac loads were down in 4Q, which was a big driver of that and we do expect that to come back. As far as the profitability, now look, we don't disclose profitability by region there. But I would say from a dynamics standpoint, we continue to expect to see the softness in North America, and feel pretty good about the growth opportunities that we're seeing in international. And the thing that I would remind you but I think I mentioned in when I was talking to Angie is that, a lot of these large integrated projects were up the learning curve there and we should see margin accretion in 2020, as we execute on those projects and those start-up costs as well as just getting another field costs have abated. So, feel pretty good about the margin progress internationally, and the growth backdrop there.
Scott Gruber: Got it. And then just going back to the chemicals business, it sounds like the growth investments there will be beneficial to your overall mix and return profile. Are you able to provide any color on the magnitude of the new plans relative to the size of your current chemicals business? Just trying to think about the impact of the petro line as they come on and when do they come in the years ahead?
Lorenzo Simonelli: Yes, and look from a timing perspective, again its -- these plants are in construction. So you won't see anything in 2020. They'll start going into a commissioning phase in 2021. As we mentioned, we see international growth opportunities. Stay tuned, we'll give more updates as we start completing the plants.
Brian Worrell: Yes, and again, Id just reiterate here. It's not all going to be incremental capacity. We are shifting capacity here. And again, the Singapore facility is going to be very cost advantage. So in addition to growing internationally, we'll have the benefits of higher margin rates for product that's coming out of Singapore. And look as we get closer to commissioning and things form up, we will give you guys some insight into how we're thinking about that. But spending a lot of time there and again, like I said, we liked this business. And like the capital we're putting to work there.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's Q&A portion of the conference. Id like to turn the call back over to our host for any closing remarks.
Lorenzo Simonelli: Just thanks again for joining us. We closed out a strong 2019. You saw the full quarter results and we feel the macro environment is improving as we look at 2020 and feel good about our outlook. Thanks.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude today's presentation. You may now disconnect and have a wonderful day.

===== 2019 Q3  (2019-11-02 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Baker Hughes Company Third Quarter 2019 Earnings Call. [Operator Instructions]. As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded. I would now like to introduce your host for today's conference, Mr. Jud Bailey, Vice President of Investor Relations. Sir, you may begin.
Judson Bailey: Thank you, Katherine. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to the Baker Hughes Company Third Quarter 2019 Earnings Conference Call. Here with me are our Chairman and CEO, Lorenzo Simonelli; and our CFO, Brian Worrell. The earnings release we issued earlier today can be found on our website at bakerhughes.com.  As a reminder, during the course of this conference call, we will provide forward-looking statements. These statements are not guarantees of future performance and involve a number of risks and assumptions. Please review our SEC filings and website for a discussion of some of the factors that could cause actual results to differ materially. As you know, reconciliations of operating income and other non-GAAP to GAAP measures can be found in our earnings release.  With that, I will turn the call over to Lorenzo.
Lorenzo Simonelli: Thank you, Jud. Good morning, everyone, and thanks for joining us. We delivered a solid third quarter with strong growth in Turbomachinery and Oilfield Equipment orders and continued margin improvement in our Oilfield Services business. Overall, we are very pleased with our continued execution as a team, and we are firmly on the right path financially, operationally and strategically.  Before I turn it over to Brian for more details on our financials and outlook, I would like to take some time to discuss what we view as an exciting new beginning for Baker Hughes. During the third quarter, GE sold down a portion of its stake in our company through a secondary offering and concurrent buyback, taking its ownership percentage from just over 50% to just below 37%. This most recent transaction is another major step in our separation from GE. As you know, GE announced their intention to exit their stake in our company over 1.5 years ago, and we've been working on this process since that time. At the end of July 2019, we finalized our separation agreements, which included a number of transitional services.  These are intended to ensure continuity of our operations during the separation period for IT systems and other critical infrastructure. As you have seen in the weeks following the sell-down, we changed our company name, stock ticker and branding. In addition, GE's representation on our board went from 5 seats to 1. These are important, highly visible steps we have taken that outline the direction of the company going forward. While less visible, an equally important near-term impact is the acceleration of our separation efforts as we work quickly to minimize our time in transition and to be fully operational on our own systems as soon as possible. I want to emphasize that these separation efforts are largely focused on back-office functions such as IT, HR and treasury systems and other supporting infrastructure. The commercial and operational front end of our business is largely unaffected by the separation. Although our name change, ownership and board structure are the most visible aspects of this new beginning for Baker Hughes, we are also entering a new chapter as we move into the next stage of our corporate development and prepare for the energy transition we see unfolding over the next decade. 2 years after the formation of our company, we have executed on our integration and synergy targets and are in the early stages of evaluating the optimal portfolio for Baker Hughes, not only in the current environment but into the future. In the coming decades, we forecast natural gas to be the key transition fuel for a lower carbon future as oil demand growth slows and demand for renewable energy sources accelerate. While it is clear that renewables will grow as a share of the overall energy supply, renewable sources will not be able to fulfill global energy demand, given currently available technology and its small footprint today. These dynamics create the opportunity for natural gas to take a more prominent role over the coming years. Our view is that natural gas demand will grow at more than twice the pace of oil, and LNG demand growth will be higher still at an annual rate of 4% to 5%. This creates tremendous opportunity for our businesses. And we will position the company to capture the high-value, higher-technology opportunities along the gas value chain.  In this environment, our strategic goals are simple. First, we will improve margins in our Oilfield Services and Oilfield Equipment businesses. In OFS, we have executed over the last two years on some of the more straightforward synergy areas, such as right-sizing our footprint and facility consolidation to help improve margins. Moving forward, we are increasingly focused on the next stage of margin improvement, which we expect to be driven by supply chain efficiencies, increases in asset utilization and lower product costs for better procurement and standardization. In OFE, we expect margin improvements as growing volumes from backlog conversion should drive cost absorption and allow us to capitalize on significant cost-out initiatives we have implemented in the recent years.  Second, we will leverage some of our unique core competencies in TPS and Digital Solutions to further expand our offerings in the industrial and chemical end markets. We see the opportunity to grow more in the gas value chain with our Turbomachinery segment, grow in the downstream space with our Digital Solutions segment and grow our industrial and chemicals presence across our portfolio. As an example, we have utilized our expertise in gas turbine technology to develop and launch the NovaLT family. This new class of turbine builds on TPS' deep domain experience in the rotating equipment space. This product line targets the industrial markets and lower megawatt applications where we had not previously competed such as distributed power, e-frac and pulp and paper. In our Digital Solutions business, we have leveraged our strengths in inspection technology to enter the automotive and consumer electronics space with limited incremental investment.  Our third strategic goal, we will work to continue to improve our digital offerings to help facilitate better, safer and more reliable operations for our customers through our recent joint venture with C3.ai, which we have branded BHC3. In addition, we will be able to apply C3's offering internally to improve our own operational and execution capabilities. By integrating our strong suite of digital offerings and capabilities, oil and gas industry expertise and C3's unique AI solutions, we will accelerate the overall digital transformation of this industry. As we focus on these initiatives and work to complete the separation from GE, we are also fully aware that we'll be executing against a somewhat challenging macro backdrop.  On the demand side, global crude oil demand appears to be slowing due to a number of factors, most notably trade tensions, which are beginning to manifest into slower growth and weaker manufacturing data in some of the major economies around the world. Recent PMI data has shown slowing momentum for bellwether economies with the most recent data for the United States, China and Eurozone signaling softening demand.  On the supply side, we agree with the view that OPEC may have to consider additional cuts as non-OPEC, non-U.S. production appears poised for solid growth in 2020 as new offshore developments come online. In the U.S., production growth is likely to decelerate but should remain resilient despite the expectation of E&P CapEx cuts next year. Weighing these factors together, we expect an adequately supplied market under most economic scenarios resulting in a range-bound oil price environment for 2020 and potentially beyond.  Despite this macro backdrop, we still feel good about the potential for revenue and margin growth across our portfolio in 2020. We believe the geographical and business mix in our OFS segment should still be conducive to modest growth next year, while our long-cycle business segments should produce solid revenue growth as we execute current backlog and anticipate continued firm order activity. More specifically, within our OFS segment, we are preparing for a North American market that is likely to see another reduction in E&P spending in 2020 as operators exercise capital restraint and seek to improve their free cash flow. Although it's still early, we agree with some estimates suggesting that lower 48 drilling and completion spending could decline in the high single-digit or even low double-digit range in 2020 on a year-over-year basis due to a combination of weaker pricing and lower activity levels.  Internationally, we expect growth to moderate compared to 2019, but we still believe that drilling and completion spend can grow in the mid-single-digit range or higher in 2020 depending on a number of macro factors. International revenue growth for Baker Hughes has significantly outpaced the market trends over the last 2 years as we sought to recapture share and regain critical scale in select regions. Our core focus going forward will be on improving margins. Therefore, I would expect our top line to be more representative of overall international market trends.  Overall, I am generally pleased with the continued performance and execution of our OFS team, the operational improvements they have made and some of their recent contract wins. In the third quarter, OFS had a number of important wins in the Middle East across multiple product lines, including artificial lift, completions and international pressure pumping. We also continue to see progress in our partnership with ADNOC, delivering strong execution as we help to build out ADNOC's drilling capabilities. In North America, we won an important artificial lift contract with a key customer in the Permian, building on our strong relationships and execution capabilities in this important basin. In our OFE segment, we continue to see demand for around 300 trees in 2019 which is roughly flat versus 2018. We also see an opportunity for additional orders in the flexible pipe market in 2019 following a subdued 2018. We were extremely pleased with our orders performance in the third quarter in OFE as we secured some important wins with INPEX GS4, Vr Energi's Balder Field and with Apache in the North Sea. Overall, we remain constructive on the opportunity for order growth in the OFE segment in 2019.  In our TPS segment, order growth remains solid compared to 2018, driven by continued strength in LNG and resilient order activity in our non-LNG businesses. Looking more closely at the LNG market, the project cadence is playing out largely as we expected. So far this cycle, 80 out of the 100 MTPA we outlined earlier this year has reached FID, which includes the recent FID of Venture Global's Calcasieu Pass and Novatek's Arctic 2. Today, our technology drives almost 400 million tons of LNG production capacity. And in this most recent cycle, our technology has been selected for each of the projects that have reached a successful FID. As we look to the remainder of the year and into 2020, we believe there are several large LNG projects still to come, and we are well positioned to win many of them.  Although the year got off to a slow start for the non-LNG portion of TPS, I am very pleased with the progression of non-LPG equipment order intake over the last 6 months. We have been successful in securing awards across a wide range of applications such as electric frac, FPSOs and pipelines while still being selective in the less profitable markets of refining and petrochemical.  During the quarter, we were awarded 2 FPSO contracts, Offshore Brazil and Offshore India, as well as a number of awards in the onshore/offshore production and pipeline businesses.  Lastly, in our Digital Solutions segment, the broad diversified nature of our portfolio and growth in oil and gas and other end markets has helped to partially offset weakness in the power market. Going forward, we generally expect these trends to continue. On the commercial side, only weeks after forming the BHC3 joint venture, the team launched its first artificial intelligence software application, BHC3 Reliability. We are extremely excited about this partnership and the potential it brings to our industry.  That is a short summary of how we see the market today. Overall, we believe that Baker Hughes is well positioned to navigate a potentially choppy macro backdrop. This is enabled by our combination of long-cycle businesses in TPS and OFE, more stable end markets within digital solutions and a differentiated OFS portfolio that is focused on high-technology drilling and completion applications and production-related offerings such as upstream chemicals and artificial lift. I am confident that we have the right team in place to execute our strategy and position Baker Hughes to generate strong free cash flow, improved margins and drive returns.  With that, let me turn the call over to Brian.
Brian Worrell: Thanks, Lorenzo. I'll begin with the total company results and then move into the segment details. Orders for the quarter were $7.8 billion, up 35% year-over-year and up 19% sequentially. This is the highest orders quarter we have seen since the second quarter of 2015. The year-over-year growth was driven by strong orders in Oilfield Equipment and Turbomachinery. We delivered solid growth across both equipment and services with equipment orders up 89% and services orders up 1%. Sequentially, the increase was driven by Oilfield Equipment and Turbomachinery. Remaining performance obligation was $22.2 billion, up 8% sequentially. Equipment RPO ended at $7.4 billion, up 32% sequentially, and services RPO ended at $14.9 billion, down 1% sequentially. Our total company book-to-bill ratio in the quarter was 1.3, and our equipment book-to-bill in the quarter was 1.8. Revenue for the quarter was $5.9 billion, down 2% sequentially.  The sequential decrease was driven by Turbomachinery and Digital solutions, offset by revenue growth in Oilfield Services and Oilfield Equipment. Year-over-year, revenue was up 4%, driven by Oilfield Equipment and Oilfield Services, offset by declines in Turbomachinery and Digital solutions. Operating income for the quarter was $297 million, which is up 10% sequentially and 5% year-over-year. Adjusted operating income was $422 million, which excludes $125 million of restructuring, separation and other charges. Separation charges in the quarter were $54 million. Adjusted operating income was up 17% sequentially and up 12% year-over-year. Our adjusted operating income rate for the quarter was 7.2%, up 120 basis points sequentially and up 50 basis points year-over-year.  Corporate costs were $109 million in the quarter. We expect the corporate line to remain at a similar level for the fourth quarter as we continue our separation efforts. We are investing in systems and processes that enable us to fully separate such as IT, HR and other back-office infrastructure. As we have ramped up the build-out of these systems and not yet transitioned from GE, we are beginning to incur modest additional cost in line with the framework we communicated last November.  Depreciation and amortization was $355 million, down 1% sequentially and up 1% year-over-year. We expect depreciation and amortization to remain at this level in the fourth quarter. Tax expense for the quarter was $107 million. For the fourth quarter, we estimate that our effective tax rate, excluding the impact of onetime separation and restructuring expenses, should be in the mid- to high 30s.  GAAP earnings per share were $0.11, up $0.12 sequentially and up $0.07 year-over-year. Adjusted earnings per share were $0.21, up $0.01 sequentially and up $0.02 year-over-year. Free cash flow in the quarter was $161 million, which is below our expectations. The shortfall was driven primarily by collections and inventory management in OFS. We still expect to see a free cash flow profile in the fourth quarter similar to what we generated in the fourth quarter of 2018, excluding the $300 million progress payment from ADNOC Drilling we received last year.  Now I will walk you through the segment results in more detail and give you our thoughts on the outlook going forward. In Oilfield Services, the team is navigating a challenging North American environment while working to improve our execution globally. As Lorenzo highlighted, we are entering a new phase of cost out and productivity initiatives in OFS, focused on supply chain optimization, improving asset utilization and driving down product cost. Our goal from these various initiatives is not only to improve margins but also improve the overall cash flow efficiency of our OFS business.  The OFS team executed a strong third quarter with revenue of $3.3 billion, which was up 3% sequentially. North American revenue was $1.2 billion, down 3% sequentially. International revenue was $2.2 billion, up 6% sequentially, driven by strong product sales and growth in the Middle East, Asia Pacific, Europe and Latin America. We saw strong execution in our artificial lift, completions and international pressure pumping product lines.  Operating income in the quarter was $274 million, up 18% sequentially. Margins grew 110 basis points, driven primarily by continued cost out and stronger-than-planned product sales. As we look ahead to the fourth quarter, we expect overall OFS revenue to be slightly down sequentially. We expect North America revenues to decline due to further deterioration in drilling and completion activity in the U.S. land market. Internationally, we expect revenue to be roughly flat as year-end product sales should be offset by seasonal weakness in some Eastern hemisphere markets. In addition, we do not expect product sales related to some international contracts to repeat at the same level as the third quarter. Against this revenue scenario, we would expect margins to be roughly flat to slightly down versus the third quarter.  Looking beyond the fourth quarter and into 2020, we believe there are a number of cross currents that will impact our OFS business. As Lorenzo highlighted earlier, our focus is shifting primarily to margin and free cash flow improvement for this business. As a result, we expect our international revenue growth profile to more closely track international D&C spending trends after significantly outperforming over the last 2 years. We believe mid-single-digit international growth is a reasonable expectation. This anticipates execution on the visible work that we have contracted but also risk adjusts for a number of factors, including the potential for additional OPEC cuts and weakness in certain markets like Argentina. In North America, we are preparing for U.S. D&C spend that could be down high single digits to low double digits. Similar to the third quarter, we would expect our top line to outperform market trends, given our production weighted mix with almost 40% of our OFS revenue driven by upstream chemicals and artificial lift. Under this revenue outlook, we expect modest margin improvement in 2020 aided by our cost-out and productivity actions, and our long-term goal remains margin parity with peers.  Next, on oilfield equipment. Orders in the quarter were $1 billion, up 86% year-over-year, driven by strong growth in both equipment and service orders. Equipment orders were up 122% year-over-year, driven by Subsea Production Systems and flexibles and services orders were up 31%. Equipment book-to-bill in OFE was 1.7 for the quarter. Overall, we continue to believe that order activity for subsea trees and flexibles are returning to a more normalized level. We booked several key awards in the quarter, including 16 trees for Vr Energi's Balder project, 7 trees for INPEX in Australia and 6 trees for Apache in the North Sea. Importantly, the Balder project represents our first subsea tree award on the Norwegian Continental shelf since 2008. Revenue was $728 million, up 15% year-over-year. This increase was primarily driven by better Subsea Production Systems volumes and subsea services activity, partially offset by lower revenues and flexibles. Operating profit was $14 million, up $8 million year-over-year, driven by increased volume in SPS and subsea services. Although operating income was higher year-over-year, sequential margin performance in OFE was below our expectations, primarily due to weaker results from our surface pressure control business. Looking into the fourth quarter, we expect modest revenue growth and sequential margin improvement, driven by similar mix dynamics to what we saw in the third quarter. Following 23% orders growth in 2018 and what should be solid orders growth in 2019, we believe that OFE should see 2020 revenue growth in the high single-digit range as we convert backlog into revenue. We expect volume growth, combined with our cost-out actions and improving mix from flexibles, to drive solid margin improvement in OFE in 2020.  Moving to Turbomachinery. Orders in the quarter were $2.8 billion, up 79% year-over-year. Equipment orders were up over 200% year-over-year. The growth was driven by very strong orders in LNG and onshore/offshore production. TPS equipment book-to-bill in the quarter was 4.9, supported by the large award for Venture Global's Calcasieu Pass as well as 2 FPSO orders. After a slower start in 2019, we have seen non-LNG equipment awards begin to normalize to quarterly levels that we saw in 2018, supported primarily by orders within our onshore/offshore production and pipeline segments. Service orders in the quarter were down 13% year-over-year, mainly driven by fewer upgrades and installations. Revenue for the quarter was $1.2 billion, down 14% versus the prior year and down 15% sequentially. TPS revenues this quarter were impacted by supply chain issues with a key supplier and some other equipment delivery delays. Operating income for Turbomachinery was $161 million, up 22% year-over-year, driven by higher services mix. Operating margin was 13.5%, up 390 basis points year-over-year and up 380 basis points sequentially. For the fourth quarter, we expect TPS to see modest year-over-year growth in both revenues and margins versus the fourth quarter of 2018. Given our strong orders year-to-date and visibility for other awards the rest of the year, we continue to expect strong order growth for the full year 2019, driven by LNG awards.  Looking ahead to 2020, we expect high teens revenue growth based on our 2018 and 2019 order intake and for margins to continue to expand. For orders, the outlook for 2020 runs a fairly wide range, depending on the exact timing of when orders are booked between late this year and early next year.  Finally, on Digital Solutions. Orders for the quarter were $616 million, down 2% year-over-year. Growth in our Bently Nevada and Measurement & Sensing businesses was partially offset by declines in controls and pipeline and Process Solutions. Regionally, we saw strong orders growth in North America and Europe. Revenue for the quarter was $609 million, down 7% year-over-year. Growth in Measurement & Sensing was offset by declines in controls and pipeline and Process Solutions. Operating income for the quarter was $82 million, down 23% year-over-year, driven by lower volume and negative mix. In the fourth quarter, we expect revenue in Digital Solutions to be down mid-single digits year-over-year and for slightly lower margins year-over-year as weakness in the power markets remain a drag on operations. Looking ahead to 2020, we expect revenue growth in the low single digits and modestly higher margins.  With that, I'll turn the call back over to Jud.
Judson Bailey: Thanks. With that, Katherine, let's open the call up for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. And our first question comes from James West with Evercore ISI.
James West: Lorenzo, curious about the TPS business. As we think about first to fourth quarter but also in 2020, it seems to be a big driver of Baker going forward and how you're thinking about the order rate. Clearly, we're probably going to get to your 100 million tons per annum forecast that you had for this year. But then looking into next year, kind of what do you see for that?
Lorenzo Simonelli: Yes, James, first of all, let's maybe kick off with the LNG and also what we've been seeing this year overall for orders. And we feel good about the orders for TPS in 2019. As you mentioned, 80 of the 100 million tons has already taken place. And as you look at getting up to the 100 million tons, there's plenty of projects that are underway. So we feel good about the positive orders in 2019.  And as you look at LNG overall, over the course of the next few years, there's going to be increasing project activity. You've got an outlook of a demand of 550 million tons by 2030. And to put that into perspective, you're going to need to have about 650 million tons of nameplate capacity in place to actually provide that.  So as you look at the outyears, LNG activity is going to continue, and we feel conservatively, there's going to be more, 75 million to 100 million tons that's going to actually be taking place. And you've got a number of those projects that you can see actually that have been approved by FERC or internationally that are going to be coming through. So we feel good about LNG over the long term.  When you look at TPS orders and you look at 2020, specifically, as Brian mentioned in his remarks, there is an aspect of the timing of these projects. So I'd say that, again, you're going to see LNG projects, but there could be some reduction in 2020 but no more than 10% or a little bit more than that. And basically, we've got the other segments of TPS that continue to look favorable as they continue to grow as well. So 2020, again, may see some drop, but it's going to be based on project timing.
James West: Got you. Okay. And then maybe just a follow-up for me on the margin side for TPS. It sounds like Brian mentioned similar to last year's margin in 4Q, so it's a nice uptick. But even if we look at 2020, even with the mix shift may be away a bit from LNG more on the non-LNG side, what does that do to the margin progression?
Brian Worrell: Yes, James. Look, as I said earlier, for the fourth quarter, we do expect TPS to see modest year-over-year growth in both revenues and margins versus the fourth quarter of 2018. As you see, we have a natural margin ramp in the fourth quarter and would expect that to continue.  And look, as you look at next year, there are a few dynamics to think about that are building blocks for how the margin rate is going to play out. First, we do expect growth in service revenue, which, as you know, is accretive to our margins. We'll also see higher LNG equipment revenue, which really has 2 effects. It's accretive -- LNG margin is accretive, but with much larger equipment revenue versus services, it will lead to a bit of a mix challenge at that macro level. And we are in the early stages of executing on 2 LNG awards, and those will ramp next year, Arctic 2 and BG, which tend to have their lowest margin rates at the beginning of the projects and accrete over time as you execute. So that will also have a bit of an impact on margins as well.  And then lastly, look, we're evaluating our overall technology-related spending next year as we're looking to find the optimal level, given the competitive dynamics in this space as well as where we're moving the portfolio over the course of the next few years. So look, I think if you add it all up, you'll find that the faster revenue grows, especially in equipment, it somewhat impacts the magnitude of the upside and the increase in margins. But look, I think the third quarter gives you a little bit of perspective in terms of the dynamics where we converted less equipment backlog into revenue, had higher service mix and as you know, had incredibly strong margins above 13%.  So look, our overall goal in TPS is to continue to drive margins up in the mid- to high teens over the coming years as revenues normalize and our service revenues continue to grow, but the overall dynamics for TPS are positive for both revenue and margin accretion over the foreseeable future.
Operator: And our next question comes from Angie Sedita with Goldman Sachs.
Angeline Sedita: So on the service mix, I think it's a little bit underappreciated as far as the quantity in your backlog and the visibility it provides. So maybe you could talk a little bit about service revenue or essentially aftermarket. And I believe it's 60% of your TPS revenues and 60% of your $20 billion in backlog, which gives you a nice earnings visibility versus your peer set. So maybe you could talk about service set revenues in general and the pace of growth over the next 2 to 3 years?
Brian Worrell: Yes, Angie, you're right. Service revenue is roughly about 60% of TPS revenue over time. We're pleased with how that business is performing. The revenue is really driven by both transactional and contractual services, where we provide services for customers' equipment on an ongoing basis, really, effectively creating an annuity revenue stream, as you and I have discussed before. And it does make up about $13 billion of the services backlog that we have in TPS.  And as I was mentioning in the other -- the question that James asked, it tends to be higher margin than the rest of the portfolio. And look, that's really about continuing to add value for customers and getting the compensation for ensuring that their equipment operates efficiently, the uptime is there and that we don't cause disruption to their equipment. So getting paid for that value is absolutely important. And Rod and the team are continually focused on how to continue to add value to customers.  Year-to-date transactional and contractual service revenues are up 6%, so solid growth there. And if you look at where we expect 2020, I would think that revenues would continue to grow at a steady pace, really driven by the visibility that we have into customer maintenance schedules and the outage schedules and the growth that we've seen in equipment orders in 2018 and 2019. They will generate incremental service revenue streams. Some of that will come in next year from orders that we took in '16 and '17. And we'll continue to add to the backlog as we start to see service orders come in for equipment orders that we booked over the last couple years.  So look, overall, to your point, I think it does create some really good visibility into the top line performance of the business. And obviously, that translates into nice earnings in the TPS and it gives us confidence about the long-term potential of the business. So look, it's a great franchise. But Angie, it's all about continuing to provide value to the customers, and that's what we're focused on doing.
Angeline Sedita: Very, very helpful. And then given the importance of free cash flow in this market, can you talk us through Q3? We had roughly $161 million in free cash flow in Q3. I think you had $355 million in Q2? So can you talk a little bit about why it was light? Was it working capital? And thoughts on free cash flow conversion and working capital into Q4 and next year.
Brian Worrell: Yes. In general, Angie, as I take a look at third quarter and the fourth quarter, very pleased with how TPS and Digital Solutions are tracking year-to-date and for the year. OFE is roughly in line with where we thought it would be, so pretty much down the fairway in terms of expectations.  OFS is a little behind where we wanted them to be right now in terms of collections and inventory. Look, their revenue was up 12% year-to-date. So quite a bit stronger than our peers. So working capital is a natural headwind, but they still haven't generated as much cash from working capital as we'd planned, given some of the process changes that we've been driving in that business for the last year or so. The team is working on this. We actually had a new head of supply chain come in early in the quarter, and he's already revamped the purchasing and inventory processes in OFS. And look, we'll start to see some of those results come through in the fourth quarter. I would expect the working capital to normalize in the fourth quarter. And as you know, the typical seasonal cadence for an OFS business is a working capital build in the first half, and you see a release in the second half as collections fall through on a net basis.  So look, our goal in the fourth quarter is to do better than last year, and we're working to improve a number of processes in working capital. Specifically around the fourth quarter, like I said earlier, we do expect to ramp in fourth quarter. And I'd expect us to do at least what we did in 4Q '18, excluding the $300 million progress payment that we had from ADNOC. So feel good about the process changes we've implemented, how the teams are performing. All the working capital metrics are up year-over-year. So definitely seeing progress there.  And then I'd say, in general, Angie, we're experiencing normal linearity of free cash flow. And I don't see anything that would change our ability or our capability and commitment to 90% free cash flow conversion over time.
Operator: And our next question comes from Chase Mulvehill with Bank of America.
Chase Mulvehill: I guess I'll come back to TPS real quick. It looks like there was maybe $200 million of revenue that was pushed out. And it looks like it's going to all kind of come back in the fourth quarter. Could you maybe just help characterize the $200 million that was pushed out? And how much of that was associated with the supply chain issues? And then I'm assuming the supply chain issues are resolved.
Lorenzo Simonelli: Yes. Chase, unfortunately, as was mentioned, we did have some supply chain delays from a key supplier of critical equipment. That has resulted in some delays of the project timing. I want to make clear these delays are not related to quality or performance. They're just simply timing delays, and we're seeing a few constraints on our supplier to deliver those. But we know the team is doing everything in their power to work through the challenges. We're confident that the team is going to be able to manage this and will work through these challenges going forward.
Brian Worrell: Yes. And Chase, I'd say, look, delivery schedules in this business can move around a fair amount, given customer project timing, when they want to pick up equipment, site readiness, those kind of things. But some of the recent delays have been a little more abnormal and could persist as we work through these delays with our supplier.  If you take a look at the revenue decline in TPS, roughly half of that decline comes from business dispositions, primarily the impact of the recip disposition as well as NGS. So that gives you a little bit of color in terms of what the decline is there. And look, all the revenue isn't pacing exactly where we wanted it, given some of these delays. Look, we are pleased with the margin at over 13% in the quarter. And look, it's -- there is some mix there, but it's also a reflection of some of the cost-out programs that Rod and the team have been executing over the course of the past year. And look, I don't see any issues with the framework that we talked about from a TPS standpoint and that ramp-up of revenue in the fourth quarter increasing year-over-year. So feel good about that, and that includes the impact of potential delays from the supplier that Lorenzo and I had mentioned.
Chase Mulvehill: Okay. All right. That's helpful. I appreciate the color. And then also hitting on OFS a bit here. It's good to hear that, 2020, there's going to be a focus on margin improvement versus kind of top line growth. I don't know if you've got anything you want to share with us on cost initiatives, maybe framing some numbers around there. Or in particular, maybe on the margin side, if you want to just -- if there's anything on the targets about how much you think that international margin can improve in 2020 as you focus more on the margin side.
Brian Worrell: Yes, Chase, I won't give specific numbers for each individual category, but we've got a lot of things that we're driving in OFS to improve margins. I'd say, first, you hit on one, the international revenue. We did win some large contracts, started executing on those this year. So the natural progression of those contracts, we'll see margin improvement as we come up the learning curve, are fully deployed and have all the assets and people that are out there engaged full time. So you'll see a natural lift there.  In terms of some other things that we're working, we've completely revamped how we do our job planning. Our asset management, deployment of people around the world, we've been able to optimize that. So we'll start to see some impacts come through there. We're starting to see improvements in repair and maintenance cycle times and working closely with suppliers to drive cost out and better cash efficiency as we work through cost out in OFS. Really focused on supply chain and reducing structural costs globally. This is the next phase beyond the early days of synergies that we were driving, and we've been working this for quite some time now. So it's not like we're just waking up today and putting new programs in place. So we will continue to see costs go down and better asset utilization and more efficient deployment. So Maria Claudia and the team are firmly focused on this and have a strong pipeline of margin improvement projects.
Operator: And our next question comes from Scott Gruber with Citigroup.
Scott Gruber: Just staying on Chase's question, a lot of moving pieces on the cost side in OFS. But Brian, can you give us some color just what does modest margin improvement in 2020 equate to in terms of incrementals? And the same for OFE where margin improvement should be solid, what does that mean for incrementals next year?
Brian Worrell: Yes. I think the way to think about it is -- given the dynamics that we talked about in the revenue, and there's still a lot of moving pieces in 2020. So it's hard to call an exact number in terms of where the margin is going to be. Some of it's going to depend on mix of business. But I will say that we feel very confident, given the dynamics that we see today, that we will see margin improvement in OFS really driven by those things that I just highlighted in Chase's question.  So look, I think moving over to OFE, we've talked a lot about what Neil and the team have been driving during this downturn. We're starting to see the backlog get better. There's a lot of benefits from volume leverage coming through with all the costs that we've taken out. And look, I feel pretty good with the high single-digit range on revenue, and that should be mid-single-digit improvement in operating margins.
Scott Gruber: And just on OFS. I think you guys in the past have talked about 25% or so incrementals is normal. Correct me if I'm wrong. But do you think you're going to eclipse that next year? Can we start with a 3 handle?
Brian Worrell: Yes. I mean, look, again, incrementals are so tough to call on, just given the mix of business, both geographically and the span of products that we have and where they are. But look, I think with the dynamics that we see today, you've seen a very strong quarter this quarter. I'd say with the cost out that we're driving, if things play out in the market like they are right now, I would expect to see stronger incrementals come through.  But again, it's still early days. We're in October here, and there's a lot that's got to happen by December of next year. But look, the momentum is there with the team, and you can rest assured that we'll be able to drive cost out and improve margins next year. The magnitude will depend on how some things in the market play out.
Operator: Our next question comes from Bill Herbert with Simmons.
William Herbert: So most of my questions have been asked -- answered, yes. Well, there's just one quick one for me. Trees, you called out 300 industry awards for this year, flat year-over-year. What's your prophecy for 2020? Similar order cadence or higher or lower?
Lorenzo Simonelli: Yes, Bill, I just -- I think the question was a little muffled. So I'll just try to repeat it and make sure that that's the correct question. You were asking about tree counts. And we've said before that 2019 looks like around 300 trees, same as 2018. Is that correct?
William Herbert: Yes, sorry. So my question -- yes, my question really was more for the tree count for 2020.
Lorenzo Simonelli: Yes. No, no. And look, as we look at 2020, we continue to see a similar type of market for the offshore tree counts and so looking to be at around 300 trees. There's good project activity. So it's stabilizing. And again, we think we'll be having a similar type of market representation as we did in 2019.
Operator: And our next question comes from Sean Meakim with JPMorgan.
Sean Meakim: So nice inbound on OFE, obviously, some good named projects that you called out. Can you maybe help frame for us how many Subsea Connect projects would you say are out there for the next 12 to 24 months? And how would you size that opportunity set relative to the more traditional procurement type awards?
Lorenzo Simonelli: Yes, Sean. So as you know, we did launch Subsea Connect at the end of last year and also the Aptara family suite of both trees as well as flexibles, composites. So we've seen a lot of good traction with the customers. And actually, we're already starting to incorporate many of the Aptara capabilities into some of the projects that are being executed at the moment. As we go forward, we're always going to be listening to what the customer wants and making sure that we can standardize where possible and provide them the most efficient solution. There is new modular deepwater technology that is being requested by the customers, and we've got a great capability there. So our commercial approach is going to remain flexible based on what the customers want. And again, we think our market position is going to hold as we go forward. And we feel good about the portfolio we've got in OFE.
Sean Meakim: Fair enough. I appreciate that. So staying with OFE, flexible pipe has been a bit of a drag. Supposed to help the mix in '19, maybe we're not quite there yet. Is that taking a bit longer than expected? And just how does your expectation for flexible pipe influence the guide that you framed for 2020?
Lorenzo Simonelli: Yes, Sean. I'll just maybe go back and rephrase 2019 and then I'll pass it over to Brian with the margin. We always said that 2019 was going to be a rebuilding of the order backlog for flexibles. And we've actually seen that. And it was driven by the fact that Petrobras did not play actively in the flexible side in 2018. And if you look at year-to-date, we're up 130% on SPS orders. So we feel good about what we said about rebuilding the backlog coming through in 2019 and then being converted next year.
Brian Worrell: Yes. And Sean, I think if you put that in perspective of OFE in total, look, we expect to see, like I said, high single-digit revenue growth, which will lead to mid-single-digit margins in the year. And really, that's driven by strong SPS revenue growth. We saw 20% orders increase in 2018, 16% year-to-date. And Lorenzo highlighted that SPS will be back, and that's roughly 20%, 25% of the business over time. So that will be a tailwind. The drag we expect to be is the surface pressure control business like we highlighted this quarter. The North American market remains pretty challenging. Specifically, we're taking cost out there, but I would expect that to be a drag on margins next year in OFE, but that's incorporated in the mid-single-digit number that we talked about.
Operator: Our next question comes from David Anderson with Barclays.
John Anderson: A question on the -- a question on the artificial lift contract that you announced today. You haven't talked about this business very much recently. I just wonder if you could talk about the growth potential you see here. You had noted that 40% of your North -- if I heard you right, North American revenue is on the chemicals and artificial lift side. Can you just talk about the prospects for that? It seems like it's fairly competitive. But at the same time, if we're in a flattish market, how do you see the business prospects?
Lorenzo Simonelli: Yes, Dave. And again, our artificial lift, and we like the portfolio we have. In particular, if you look at the focus areas on ESPs, where we've got the strongest part of the market, and we're seeing actually an increased adoption of ESPs when you look at different basins within North America. And that's where the contract that we announced actually is taking place is on ESPs. As you look at Rod Lift, it continues to be a challenging market. So no major shift really that we're seeing in the marketplace towards gas lift right now. So ESPs is our focus area.
John Anderson: And I was just curious about the digital opportunity in artificial lift as your C3.ai partnership ramps up and you announced that application, that Reliability application. Just kind of curious, do you see opportunities here on the lift side? If you're with the majors, I would assume that the majors might be more willing to go the digital route on this.
Lorenzo Simonelli: Yes, Dave. No, you're exactly right. And if you look at the C3.ai suite, it's really around the aspect of reliability and also production optimization. So we are working actively with some of our customers on deploying the C3 suite. We introduced, obviously, BHC3 reliability, and we'll be working towards other solutions as well. But reducing nonproductive time on the artificial lift is key, and this is a tool that will allow us to do that.
Operator: Our next question comes from Marc Bianchi with Cowen.
Marc Bianchi: I first wanted to start on the cash flow. Brian, you mentioned some nice guidance for fourth quarter comparing to last year. But as we look to '20, you've given us a lot of components for modeling '20. Can you comment on what sort of conversion you would expect in '20? I know you've got the longer-term target of conversion, but what should we expect here as we roll into 2020?
Brian Worrell: Yes, Marc, I'm not really going to give specific guidance at this stage on '20. But if you look at the building blocks, we expect earnings to grow. It's positive for cash flow. Restructuring spend will go down, but that will be offset somewhat by the increased separation spend that we talked about in November 2018, and we started to see coming through this quarter from a free cash flow standpoint. And look, we still have a lot of work going on around working capital, and I would expect the overall working capital metrics to improve.  In terms of CapEx, in dollar terms, I think it will be roughly flat to 2019. But as a percent of revenue, it will be lower as we expect to see outsized growth in TPS and OFE, which are much less capital intensive.  So look, I think with those building blocks, you can take a view on the things we talked about earlier in terms of how we expect 2020 to play out now and come up with a pretty constructive view on free cash flow and free cash flow conversion for 2020.
Marc Bianchi: Okay. And then maybe on the OFS side, looking at the mid-single-digit international growth that you're talking about for '20. If I kind of keep your fourth quarter run rate flat just based on a really strong exit rate that you've got here throughout 2019, you're kind of already set up for that mid-single-digit growth. So is the implication that you see things sequentially pretty flat from here internationally? Or is that perhaps some conservatism?
Lorenzo Simonelli: So again, maybe let's go back to what we said relative to our focus in OFS being on margin accretion. And again, we see the international market being mid-single-digit growth. We feel good about the contracts we've brought on and also the execution of those. We're also taking into account seasonality. 1Q is going to be down as normal. And then also some of the elements on volatility with respect to does OPEC have to cut. So we feel very good about the mid-single digit, and that's what we're focused on is really mid-single-digit and the margin expansion continuing in Oilfield Services.
Operator: And our next question comes from Kurt Hallead with RBC.
Kurt Hallead: Lorenzo, you definitely got my attention in the context of your commentary around natural gas growth longer term and the dynamics around what that may mean for the portfolio of businesses within Baker Hughes, and I'm sure you haven't really gotten to the point of really fine-tuning that dynamic. But I just kind of -- since you did kind of reference it, what -- at a high level, what do you think Baker currently doesn't have that they may need to participate in that market dynamic?
Lorenzo Simonelli: Yes. Great question. And simply put, I think we've got a great portfolio already today, and we've got no plans for major M&A at this time. If you look at our portfolio, we've got high differentiated product companies that can take advantage of the gas theme and the gas value chain. If you look at our rotating equipment business, clearly, with the LNG aspect on OFE, we are predominantly on the gas side. And we've got great capabilities there. As you look at also on the Oilfield Services side, history on the gas perspective. So we've been long on gas for some time. And again, with our portfolio, we think we are going to be a natural partner for the energy transition with our customers. So I think portfolio-wise, we're in a good shape.
Kurt Hallead: I appreciate that color. And maybe delving into the other topic that's come up here quite a bit recently is on the digital dynamics taking place and the transition and transformation taking place there. Just kind of curious as to what you think the addressable market of implementing these Digital Solutions could be within the energy space? And when do you think that, that kind of revenue stream can start to have an impact on the P&L?
Lorenzo Simonelli: I think it's early days on the digital journey, but clearly, they're twofold. First of all, as you looked at internally ourselves, we're applying C3.ai capability, and that will lead to improvements in productivity from a Baker Hughes perspective. Also externally, as we go to our customer base, it's going to help as we provide them solutions to improve their productivity as well. To put an exact dollar number on market size, I think, is premature at this stage. It is significant. And again, I think there'll be Software as a Service that becomes something that is talked about in the future, but the analytics are being developed at the moment. And there's definitely a mix step of productivity that's going to be derived by the Digital Solutions we're deploying.
Operator: Our next question comes from Chris Voie with Wells Fargo.
Christopher Voie: Just curious, you mentioned the prospects for OPEC cuts a few times. If that was going to take place, obviously, Middle East margin would suffer from cost absorption. But is the work you'd lose also be on the high end of the margin spectrum or the low end? Just curious if there's a read-through for the kind of decrementals you might see from that.
Lorenzo Simonelli: Yes. There's a -- as you look at -- and again, OPEC and the decisions that they'll take, there is some correlation that you look at rig count and what OPEC is going to be deciding to do here. And we don't, again, see an impact on our mid-teen growth level that we have for international. We're taking some of that into account.
Brian Worrell: And that's mid-single-digit growth.
Lorenzo Simonelli: Yes, that's correct. So as you look at the OPEC decision again, we'll see what happens. A lot is going to be dependent on the December meeting.
Christopher Voie: Okay. And then just a follow-up on Marc's question on cash flow building blocks in 2020. Just curious if there's an impact in terms of all these TPS orders. You don't book the revenues until the projects are coming online, but I think you're getting some cash inflows related to the work you're doing. Do we have to think about a component of a cash flow headwind in 2020 or 2021? Or is that going to average out based on the other moving pieces?
Brian Worrell: Yes, look, it averages out based on the other moving pieces. And you're absolutely right with some of these orders coming in, you do get some down payments, you build up inventory, but you get progress payments throughout to offset that inventory and work the cash curve. So I'd say it balances out, and there are other things that we're working to make sure we can have strong free cash flow conversion as you look at 2020.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in today's conference. This concludes the program. You may now all disconnect. Everyone, have a great day.

===== 2019 Q2  (2019-07-31 09:30:00) =====
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Baker Hughes, a GE Company, Second Quarter 2019 Earnings Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session, and instructions will follow at that time. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded.I would now like to introduce your host for todays conference, Mr. Phil Mueller, Vice President of Investor Relations. Sir, you may begin.
Phil Mueller: Thank you, Catherine. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to the Baker Hughes, a GE company's second quarter 2019 earnings conference call.Here with me are our Chairman and CEO, Lorenzo Simonelli; and our CFO, Brian Worrell. Todays presentation and our earnings release can be found on our website at bhge.com. As a reminder, during the course of this conference call, we will provide forward-looking statements. These statements are not guarantees of future performance and involve a number of risks and assumptions. As you know, reconciliations of operating income and other non-GAAP to GAAP measures can be found in our earnings release.With that, I will turn the call over to Lorenzo.
Lorenzo Simonelli: Thank you, Phil. Good morning, everyone, and thanks for joining us. On the call today, I'll give a brief overview of our second quarter results, update you on our view of the market and take you through the quarter highlights. Brian will then review our second quarter financial results in more detail before we open the call for questions.In the second quarter, we booked $6.6 billion in orders. We delivered $6 billion in revenue. Adjusted operating income in the quarter was $361 million. Free cash flow in the quarter was $355 million. Earnings per share for the quarter were negative $0.02 and adjusted EPS was $0.20. We executed well in the second quarter, and importantly, our financial outlook for 2019 is unchanged from what we communicated previously.Now let me take a few moments to share our view on the macro environment. Beginning with the longer cycle markets, the outlook for LNG remained strong. We have seen approximately 50 MTPA of new capacity reach FID since the fourth quarter of 2018, and the industry is on track to reach the 100 MTPA we outlined by the end of 2019. I'm pleased to report that our technology has been selected for each one of the projects that has reached a successful FID thus far.We remain well positioned for a number of other projects that we expect to move towards positive FID this year. When I look out beyond this immediate investment cycle, I see continued growth and a multiyear opportunity set for BHGE. By 2030, LNG demand is expected to be approximately 550 MTPA.Let me put that into context for you. To produce 550 MTPA, the industry will need to operate approximately 650 MTPA of nameplate capacity. This represent significant growth from today's installed capacity of approximately 380 million tons. Therefore, even with 100 million tons FID by the end of 2019, we expect multiyear order activity through 2025. In the subsea market, we continue to see around 300 trees in 2019. Our basic expectations for subsea trees going into the year, was roughly flat versus 2018, and with activity levels still well below industry capacity. The space remains competitive.As discussed previously, we are expecting order activity for our Flexible Pipe business to improve in 2019. I'm very pleased that orders in the first half of 2019 were up significantly versus the lows of 2018, a good sign for 2020 revenues in Oilfield Equipment.For the shorter-cycle oilfield services markets, our outlook has not changed significantly. Internationally, most markets have a positive outlook, as we expected. This is likely driven by the Middle East, where we have seen continued momentum and the North Sea, which remains a key area of activity for BHGE. We also see positive signs across other markets, such as Sub-Saharan Africa, Asia-Pacific and Latin America.As Oilfield Services excess capacity is absorbed by increasing activity, we are seeing positive momentum on international pricing. Given contracting dynamics, it will take some time before we see the benefits of pricing increases flow through, but I am encouraged by what I see in the market today.In North America, we expect U.S. production to grow over the coming years, even as CapEx slows. North America and the U.S. land market specifically are very transactional and remain hard to predict even six to nine months out. We share the view that CapEx across North American operators will be down in 2019.The majority of that will be on the completion side, specifically around pressure pumping. We expect the increase in U.S. production in the current year to drive growth in product lines, such as chemicals and artificial lift. With that macro framework in mind, our focus is on where we can differentiate ourselves to drive the right returns across our portfolio.Since we formed BHGE just over two years ago, our priorities were clear and remain unchanged. From the outset, one of our priorities was to regain share and grow revenues faster than the market in OFS, especially internationally. Our initial focus was in reinvigorating our sales force and prioritizing commercial success. In parallel, we have been winning the right kind of contracts to drive better returns in the business. Now, with our commercial processes in place, the organization is even more focused on high-quality execution for our customers.A couple of examples of how we are creating step changes in efficiency for our customers, our ADNOC drilling and Equinor. We highlighted these important wins last year and we have been transitioning into the execution phase. Our strategic partnership with ADNOC Drilling gives us the opportunity to double our presence at ADNOC's conventional development program. We also have a unique position for the unconventional development, which is expected to ramp significantly in the coming years.We began operating under the new partnership in January and I am pleased to report that our operational performance to date has been very strong. We have now helped to mobilize four rigs and drilled over 100,000 feet with 97% drilling efficiency. On the first eight wells, ADNOC Drilling has saved more than 88 days of drilling time.Our performance in the early stages of the partnership is very encouraging. Together with ADNOC Drilling, we are driving the highest level of collaboration and integration. The partnership works extremely well, both at the strategic level with the equity stake and IC on the Board, as well as at the field level.We have transferred BHGE employees and assets to ADNOC Drilling and this has put the partnership on path to driving higher productivity and efficiency. We look forward to continuing to work closely with ADNOC Drilling to supports ADNOC's 2030 smart growth strategy.On the Norwegian Continental Shelf, we are working closely with Equinor and have delivered outstanding results in the first six months of the new integrated well services contract.As you recall, integrated drilling is at the core of this project and a key driver behind the economic value for both our customer and BHGE. In the first half of 2019, we fully integrated eight drilling units in addition to the two that were already existing and have drilled more than 330,000 feet with a best-in-class performance.Our success on this projects sense us on helping Equinor meet their overall non-productive time objectives and reducing drilling days towards a perfect well time, and thus far we are progressing on both fronts.BHGE is also the first oilfield service provider to execute on Equinor's IO-free process to demand and move to a more automated remote operations model. This process is core to Equinor strategy as it improves well performance and enables future automation for the aggregation of work.Fundamentally this requires us to transform the way we work. We are developing new roles offshore, competencies onshore and software to enable the safe and effective removal of work from the rig site.In the second quarter, we successfully executed the transition to IO-free on the first rig and we'll continue to roll this out across the integrated rig fleet in the remainder of 2019. We are proud to be the first to deliver for Equinor on this important initiative.As a result of our strong performance to date, we have been awarded additional scope on the Gudrun and Martin Linge fields. While it's still early, I'm very pleased on how our BHGE team is executing.We have said from the beginning that running our Oilfield Services business better would be a journey. The first steps on this commercial side have been successful and now our organization is more focused on executing for our customers.Now let me share some specific highlights of the second quarter review. In Oilfield Services, we continue to win internationally in key markets. In Norway, we were awarded two long-term contracts by Equinor for downhole monitoring and sand control screens, expanding on our integrated contract awards. These wins are the result of our long track record of strong performance across our completions portfolio in Norway.In the UAE, BHGE has been awarded a long-term contract to supply upper completions and well monitoring for 94 wells in ADNOC's offshore islands and extended reach drilling project, de-selecting our competitor. This is the first time we have been awarded the scope since ADNOC's offshore program began in 2014.In Malaysia, we secured an integrated well services contract for 22 wells displacing the incumbent after 15 years. The same customer awarded BHGE, a lower completions contract to deploy our GeoFORM sand control technology in the country for the first time.In Mexico, ENI awarded BHGE a multiyear sole-provider contract for artificial lift offshore. We were also awarded a contract by Petronas for drilling services offshore in Mexico. Both of these wins demonstrate the strength of our offering in this market and the deep relationships we have with customers globally.Moving to North America, our production level portfolio is driving growth amid uncertain market conditions. In the Bakken, Marathon awarded BHGE a multiyear contract for artificial lift solutions, solidifying our leading position in the basin. Our performance track record was critical in securing this contract award.In Canada, we extended our large contract for production chemicals. Over the last 10 years, we have helped our customers reduce their chemicals costs by 70% per barrel of oil produced while their production has grown 500%. This is a tremendous result and it was a critical factor in extending our long-term relationship.In parallel, our OFS team continues to drive innovation and develop technology where we have clear line of sight to differentiation and competitive advantage. Two examples are SureCONNECT and Navi-Drill DuraMax.In the quarter, we deployed SureCONNECT for the first time with BP in the North Sea. With this fiber optic technology, operators can now achieve real-time distributed monitoring of the entire well.Also in the quarter, we launched our new Navi-Drill DuraMax drilling motor. This technology is our latest generation of high-performing positive displacement motors and helps customers improve well construction productivity, specifically, in the Permian and the Rockies.In Oilfield Equipment, we continue to expand our offerings through Subsea Connect and remain focused on technology, lowering project costs and delivering for our customers.As I mentioned earlier, our Flexible Pipe business is an important part of our OFE offering and a critical component of Subsea Connect. In the second quarter, Flexible Pipe System orders rebounded and were up over three times year-over-year. This is a very positive sign for us and a core component of the 2020 revenue outlook for Oilfield Equipment.In the second quarter, we secured flexible orders for various presold and post-sold fields in Latin America as well as for important projects offshore Saudi Arabia and China. We also recently signed an MOU with Saudi Aramco to create a new joint venture facility in the kingdom to manufacture non-metallic materials. We are very pleased to be working closely with this important customer on non-metallic product development that will benefit a wide range of industries and support further innovation and manufacturing in Saudi Arabia.In June, we were very pleased to open our subsea Center of Excellence in Montrose, Scotland. This world-class CoE will deliver engineering, manufacturing, testing, and services for our customers.The repurposing of this campus is an important milestone for BHGE and enables us to offer product innovation from design to delivery from one location servicing customers globally. The Center of Excellence is the home of our Aptara design center dedicated to design and the development of the Aptara TOTEX-lite subsea system, the cornerstone of our Subsea Connect vision.Lastly, on OFE, I am pleased to announce that this week together with McDermott, we were awarded extension contracts to provide a joint SURF and SPS solution for the Ichthys Phase 1 LNG field. We will deliver Christmas trees, control systems, distribution equipment, as well as associated life-of-field services. This award is a further example of our Subsea Connect approach and our flexible partnership model to deliver improved project economics impacts. We remain very well-positioned on a number of other subsea projects for the year and expect to see strong second half order intake in our Subsea business.In Turbomachinery & Process Solutions, the second quarter saw the acceleration of activity in the LNG market. As mentioned previously in December of last year, Novatek selected BHGE's Liquefaction Technology for its Arctic 2 LNG project. In the second quarter, we were officially awarded the order for the first two trains which includes the supply of a gas turbine, compressors, and generators. Each train will produce up to 6.6 MTPA of LNG.Additionally, in the past few months, two important projects achieved significant milestones. In June, the Anadarko-led Area 1 Mozambique LNG project moved ahead with positive FID for two trains. Through the engineering enhancements and technology investments we have made over the past few years, our compression trains are expected to achieve 6.44 MTPA per train, the highest ever output for this class of turbines.In mid July Venture global announced that it had secured binding commitments for the financing of its 10 MTPA Calcasieu Pass LNG project. We will provide a comprehensive process solution that utilizes high efficient mid-scale modular liquefaction trains supporting Venture Global's low cost development approach.While we did not book the orders for Mozambique area one or Calcasieu Pass in the second quarter, we expect to receive full notice to proceed from our customers in the second half of 2019. Outside of LNG, we had a very strong orders quarter in our on and offshore production segment. We were awarded an important contract to provide compression and oilfield power-generation equipment for the development of the Antilia field in Algeria.The reliability and availability of our equipment together with our proven track record and strong local presence in Algeria were important factors that helped us to win the strategic award. We were also awarded an order to supply, a gas turbine driven generator package, for an FPSO offshore India. BHGE will provide free of our LM2500+ G4 gas turbines to produce over 50 megawatts of power for the FPSOs operations.These gas turbines have a proven track record in offshore operations with high reliability and availability and we're optimized to meet the reduced footprint requirements an important factor in the FPSO applications.In digital solutions, the second quarter was an important milestone for strategically positioning our digital software business. As you know, we announced a joint venture with C3ai in late June. I would like to share in a bit more detail, why we're very excited about this strategic relationship. While there are varying approaches to digitizing the oil and gas industry, our focus has always been on helping our customers reduce non-productive time. This leads to improved production, lower maintenance costs and better safety. We have made great progress and have developed a number of innovative solutions for customers over the recent years.As we moved further down the path of developing our digital offerings. We realized that establishing a relationship with a great AI partner would accelerate our progress and maintain our edge in this important space. Our joint venture with C3 accomplishes just that. C3 was recently named as the leader in IoT platforms within the energy sector by IDC Marketscape. C3 is quickly becoming the standard enterprise AI platform, which makes them the perfect partner for us.Our collective goal is to deliver artificial intelligence that is faster easier and more scalable. The C3 suite is currently in use by leading oilfield businesses and in a number of other industries. Together, with C3, we will deliver their existing technology to oil and gas customers and collaborate on new AI applications specific for oil and gas outcomes.We are deploying teams of data scientists and oil field experts into customer environments to deliver solutions that meet specific customer needs. We are extremely excited about the partnership with C3 and looking forward to working in new ways that deliver the best possible outcomes for our customers, by integrating our strong suite of digital offerings, and capabilities along with the oil and gas industry expertise. With C3s unique AI solutions, we will accelerate the overall digital transformation of the industry.In closing, we delivered a solid second quarter. Our total year outlook is unchanged and we are encouraged by strengthening international markets and a robust LNG project pipeline. Our company is positioned to benefit from multiple growth drivers. We remain focused on our priorities of gaining share, improving margins and generating strong cash flow.With that, let me turn the call over to Brian.
Brian Worrell: Thanks, Lorenzo. I'll begin with the total company results and then move into the segment details. Orders for the quarter were $6.6 billion, up 9% year-over-year and up 15% sequentially. The year-over-year growth was driven by Turbomachinery, which was up 32%. Oilfield Services up 14% and Digital Solutions up 8%, partially offset by lower order intake in Oilfield Equipment due to deal timing.We delivered solid orders growth across both equipment and services. Equipment orders were up 10%percent and service orders were up 7%. Sequentially the increase was driven by Turbomachinery, which was up 56%, Oilfield Services up 9% and Digital Solutions up 4%, partially offset by Oilfield Equipment, which was down 19%.Remaining performance obligation was $20.6 billion, flat sequentially. Equipment RPO ended at $5.6 billion, up 2% and services RPO ended at $15 billion, flat sequentially. Our total company book-to-bill ratio in the quarter was 1.1 and our Equipment book-to-bill in the quarter was 1.2. Revenue for the quarter was $6 billion dollars, up 7% sequentially. The sequential increase was driven by Oilfield Services, which was up 9%, Turbomachinery up 8% and Digital Solutions up 7%, partially offset by Oilfield Equipment, which was down 6%. Year-over-year revenue was up 8% driven by Oilfield Services up 13%, Oilfield Equipment up 12% and Turbomachinery up 1%, partially offset by Digital Solutions, which was down 5%.Operating income for the quarter was $271 million, which is up 54% sequentially. Operating income was up $193 million year-over-year. Adjusted operating income was $361 million, which excludes $90 million of restructuring, separation and other charges. Adjusted operating income was up 32% sequentially and up 25% year-over-year.Our adjusted operating income rate for the quarter was 6%, up 120 basis points sequentially and up 80 basis points year-over-year. Corporate costs were $105 million in the quarter. Depreciation and amortization was $360 million, up 3% sequentially and down 8% year-over-year. Tax expense for the quarter was $95 million. GAAP loss per share was $0.02, down $0.08 sequentially and up $0.03 year-over-year. Included in GAAP loss per share is a $145 million charge primarily related to the announced sale of the high-speed reciprocating compression business within our Turbomachinery segment. The disposition is in line with our strategy to focus the portfolio on core activities. This loss isn't excluded from adjusted earnings per share.Adjusted earnings per share were $0.20, up $0.05 sequentially and up $0.10 year-over-year. Free cash flow in the quarter was $355 million. We delivered over $300 million of cash from working capital, driven primarily by an increase in progress collections, as well as improvements in core working capital processes. Overall, we are pleased with the cash performance in the second quarter and our cash flow expectations for the year are unchanged.Now I will walk you through the segment results in more detail. In Oilfield Services, the team delivered a solid quarter amid a mixed market backdrop. Revenue for the quarter was $3.3 billion, up 9% sequentially. North America revenue was $1.2 billion, up 5% sequentially. International revenue was $2 billion, up 12% sequentially, driven by growth in the Middle East, North Sea and Asia Pacific. We saw strong execution across multiple product lines, as a number of our integrated well services contracts ramped up significantly. Operating income in the quarter was $233 million, up 32% sequentially.Margins grew 125 basis points, driven primarily by higher revenues and better cost absorption, partially offset by unfavorable mix, especially in international markets. As we move into the second half, we continue to expect solid international revenue growth. We expect the growth rate to moderate from the strong year-over-year and sequential improvements we have seen in the first half.The outlook in North America remains difficult to predict. While we expect our production-oriented product lines to grow, we expect overall revenues in North America to be down slightly in the second half. As a result, for OFS, we expect modest sequential increases in revenue and margin.Next on Oilfield Equipment. Orders in the quarter were $617 million, down 40% year-over-year. Equipment orders were down 58% year-over-year, driven by timing of orders in Subsea Production Systems. This was partially offset by strong orders in Flexible Pipe Systems, which were up more than three times year-over-year and over 120% year-to-date. We are pleased with the orders performance in FPS, which will improve volume and mix for OFE in the medium term.Service orders were up 13% versus last year and up 3% sequentially. Revenue was $693 million, up 12% year-over-year. Subsea Production Systems volume was up, partially offset by the expected lower revenues in flexibles. Operating profit was $14 million, up $26 million year-over-year and 22% sequentially, driven by increased volume in FPS and Subsea Services. We continue to expect modest growth in the second half of 2019 for OFE as backlog in Subsea Production Systems converts into revenue.Moving to Turbomachinery. Orders in the quarter were $2 billion, up 32% year-over-year. Equipment orders were up over 100% year-over-year. The growth was driven by very strong orders in LNG and upstream production, partially offset by the other segments which were down. Equipment book-to-bill in the quarter was 2.0, driven by the award for Arctic 2 LNG.Importantly, major orders for Anadarko's Mozambique project and Venture Global's Calcasieu Pass project were not booked in the second quarter. We expect to receive full notices to proceed and book orders on these project in the second half of 2019. For the first half of 2019, equipment orders were up 48% and our book-to-bill was 1.5. LNG and upstream production were up and the other segments were down. This is in line with our strategy in TPS to rebuild a high-quality equipment backlog.Service orders in the quarter were down 5% year-over-year, mainly driven by timing. Importantly, transactional service orders were up 8% year-over-year and 12% sequentially.For the first half of the year, transactional service orders were up 10%. Revenue for the quarter was $1.4 billion, up 1% versus the prior year. Revenues were slightly higher than we initially anticipated as the team executed very well and accelerated certain equipment deliveries for the third quarter into the second quarter to meet our customers' needs.Operating income for Turbomachinery was $135 million, up 19% year-over-year, driven by increased volume and better equipment mix. Operating margin was 9.6%, up 140 basis points year-over-year and up 50 basis points sequentially.For the total year, our expectations for TPS are unchanged. While the earlier-than-planned deliveries in the second quarter will impact the quarterly revenue profile, we remain confident in the total year outlook.Finally, on Digital Solutions, orders for the quarter were $688 million, up 8% year-over-year driven by our Sensing and Pipeline and Process Solutions businesses, partially offset by declines in inspection technologies.Regionally, we saw strong orders growth in North and Latin America. Revenue for the quarter was $632 million, down 5% year-over-year. Growth in the Sensing and Pipeline businesses was more than offset by declines in other product lines, primarily Bently, Nevada and Software.Operating income for the quarter was $84 million, down 13% year-over-year, driven by lower volume and negative mix. In the third quarter, we expect Digital Solutions to be flat to slightly up sequentially on both revenue and margins.With that, I'll turn the call back over to Phil.
Phil Mueller: Thanks. With that, Catherine, let's open the call for questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from James West with Evercore. Your line is open.
James West: Hey, good morning guys.
Lorenzo Simonelli: Hi, James.
Brian Worrell: Hey, James.
James West: And before I get started Phil thanks for your help during the first two years of the new Baker Hughes and best of luck in the future as you transition out.
Phil Mueller: Thank you. Thanks James.
James West: So, Lorenzo, maybe to start on the international side a significant OFS growth year-over-year in the first half. I know Brian mentioned it would moderate somewhat, but it seems like that high single-digit initial forecast you gave for the year, may be conservative at this point and even going a bit further here with the acceleration that's underway internationally, could we see that flip into the double-digits both for 2019 overall, but then really 2020?
Lorenzo Simonelli: Yes, James, we feel really good about the execution of our strategy on the international side and we said we were going to be increasing commercial intensity there. You mentioned core OFS revenues up 12% in the quarter, 18% year-to-date. It's really driven by the Middle East, North Sea, Asia-Pacific, and we saw strong growth across multiple product lines as a number of our integrated well services contract ramp-up significantly.As we look for the rest of the year, we continue to see a positive outlook and I think you can now say that we're certainly in the double-digit growth range based on our strong performance in the first half. We do expect that growth rate to moderate somewhat in the second half as Brian mentioned, but we are now seeing positive signs in some of the other areas sub-Saharan Africa, Asia-Pacific, Latin America continued momentum in the Middle East. So solid international growth continues in 2019 and we like our positioning.As we look at 2020, a little bit early to call right now. We do expect to see growth continuing into international markets. Let's see how that continues to fall out with the activities in the Middle East and the North Sea.
James West: Okay. Fair enough. And then Lorenzo on the TPS segment, very strong orders. Again Brian mentioned the mix shifting, hydrating of the orders. What does this mean for the margin profile we should expect there over the next 12 to 18 months? I'm assuming this will lead to much better margin opportunity.
Lorenzo Simonelli: Yeah, James I think again this is playing out the way we've said. And if you look at TPS, we've seen the LNG come through and we continue to feel positive about the second half outlook with regards to LNG. And our forecast is unchanged on that TPS and we remain committed to the strategy we're executing.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Angie Sedita with Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Angie Sedita: Hi, gentlemen, good morning.
Lorenzo Simonelli: Hi, Angie.
Brian Worrell: Hi, Angie.
Angie Sedita: And Phil I -- the same, I wish you the best in the next chapter of your career.
Phil Mueller: Thank you, Angie.
Angie Sedita: So a little bit of a follow-up on TPS, I mean it really is impressive this order intake on the LNG side with orders up 32% year-over-year driven by the equipment, which is key to driving margins as you high grade. So can you talk a little bit and you did a little bit in your prepared remarks about the pace going into not only in the second half of the year, but 2020 and clearly it sounds like there's much more to come?
Lorenzo Simonelli: Angie and I think we've been talking about LNG for some time now. We indicate it back at the beginning of the year that we saw 100 million tons for 2019 with the fourth quarter of 2018. We're seeing about 50 million tons FID to date. And when you look at the growth and the expected demand by 2030, 550 million tons is going to be necessary from an LNG standpoint.And to put that into perspective as I mentioned, we need about 650 million tons of nameplate capacity. So the 380 million we have today and with some of the projects that have been sanctioned, we still see positive opportunities in LNG as we go forward. And I think you see some of those statements with the FERC approval of Venture Global, the Calcasieu Pass, Tellurians Driftwood, Sempras Port Arthur, and then you got opportunity internationally such as Qatar, which is a great opportunity to add capacity. So, again, feeling confident with the LNG side.
Brian Worrell: Yeah, Angie if I look, Im really happy with how the team is performing here. We feel very strong about substantial increase in TPS orders this year. If I look at how that translates the forecast and the outlook for this year really remains unchanged, because a lot of the equipment orders that we're booking now, really won't start taking revenue on those until the second half of next year.The other dynamic that I highlighted is the transactional service orders are pretty strong. They've been strong through the past and that bodes well for the second half and reinforcing that our outlook is unchanged given what we see in the equipment backlog and how services is performing. So look, we expect strong orders to continue, and we'll talk with you guys about how that plays out in the P&L as we start to book those orders.
Angie Sedita: Thanks. That's very helpful. And then on the international side, you touched on your mark, a little bit of pricing traction in some markets. Can you talk about that further? Do you think that we could see some broadening of the pricing going into 2020, or is this still going to be pretty competitive in very select markets?
Lorenzo Simonelli: Yes, Angie. I did mention in the remarks that we are seeing some pricing improvements internationally. And that really is a factor of the excess capacity that's being absorbed. It will take some time for that all to come through, but with a period of stable growth in international markets, also driven by the large international tenders that we've been awarded. We feel good about the opportunity over the long term to continue to see the pricing come through.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Byron Pope with Tudor, Pickering, Holt. Your line is open.
Byron Pope: Good morning, guys.
Lorenzo Simonelli: Hi, Byron.
Byron Pope: Just thinking about what the segment against the backdrop of robust international topline growth and notwithstanding the near-term North America headwinds. It seems fair to think that there are going to be decent incremental margins associated with that international growth given that I think you mentioned earlier that you're starting to move into the execution phase for some of the many projects that you won. So just wondering if you can provide some qualitative color on how you're thinking about the incremental margins associated with that international topline growth?
Brian Worrell: Yes. Byron, again, we do like the growth we're seeing internationally and it's after some hard work to regain market share. And some of that is off the back of executing really well on projects that we were executing last year. A lot of these international projects are in the early phases of execution and some of them are larger integrated well services contracts. And so the early stages of execution, we always have a learning curve, and we're coming up that learning curve right now. For example, in Equinor, we've ramped up into new fields and versus Troll, where we've been operating for 20 years and know that field really well and the crews.There are some teething pains as we worked through that. So profitable today but we feel like there are tailwinds as we go about execution curve for these large integrated well services contracts. So some of our product lines were operating in these fields for the first time so feel good about the execution that we've had to date and think we do have tailwinds and margin rate internationally as we continue to execute well for the customers.
Byron Pope: Thanks, Brian. And one quick second question, just on global gas, I realize it's more than just turbomachinery within the Baker Hughes portfolio that's tied to global net gas. Could you just remind us whether its within OFS or OFE, how should we think about the other products sort of signs that you have that are tied into global gas?
Lorenzo Simonelli: Yes. Byron, it's a very good point that you mention. If you think about gas, we are large in gas. And in fact, when you look at our Oilfield Services product lines as well as our Oilfield Equipment site, we are more on the gas side than we are in the oil side. And I think in particular when you look at the gas oriented projects, they are increasing on the offshore side. And we feel that there is opportunities for integrated projects such as BP Tortue, which we talked about in the first quarter, and that helps both our OFE and also OFS segments as well.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Sean Meakim with JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Sean Meakim: Thanks. Hi. Good morning.
Brian Worrell: Hi, Sean.
Sean Meakim: So good progress on cash flow in the second quarter. You're about breakeven on free cash flow in the first half, so as we look to the back half, certainly, we could maybe just dial in some of the details? It seems like, earnings should be up nicely on seasonality, CapEx looks pretty set. I'm assuming merger costs start to recede, but separation cost from GE little bit harder to quantify maybe.Is there anything else, we should be thinking about on working capital for the back half, particularly with maybe some LNG prepays making their way in? And just trying to sum it up and getting a sense Brain of how comfortable you are in dividend coverage for 2019?
Brian Worrell: Yes, Sean very happy with the performance here in the second quarter and the linearity for the year is lining up about like the linearity we had last year, given the cadence of the business and the volume. So if I take a look at the second half, you got a few dynamics here. We have been building up inventory to deliver on the volume in the second half of the year.So you will likely see an inventory drawdown there. We do expect significant volume ramps in the second half. So with that you will have some headwinds from receivables for an absolute number, but we are continuing to improve our working capital performance in the metrics.I mean days sales outstanding are down by 6 days, our inventory turns are up 0.5 points. Our days payable are up 17 days. So the team is making good progress on the efficient use of working capital.Do we expect with the orders coming in that progress collections will continue to come in helping the overall profile. And as you say, we pretty much have CapEx dialed in.So were pretty confident that our core working capital metrics will continue to get better here in the second half and improve year-over-year. And we're on track with what we talked about from a free cash flow standpoint earlier in the year.
Sean Meakim: Okay, great. Thank you for that. And then so within Oilfield Equipment you sound pretty optimistic about 2020 revenue growth. And Lorenzo youve been consistent on the outlook for subsea, nicely youre flexible, it seems like they're getting better.So it sounds like -- to underpin that optimism in the back for 2020 you must be pretty optimistic about orders for the back half of the year. And could we maybe just talk a little bit about to margin progression. I don't think Brian we heard much about that? Just think about -- how should investors should be thinking about the impact of mix and new backlog pricing converting into throughput as we get into next year?
Lorenzo Simonelli: Yes. Sean, if you think about the offshore market, our view is relatively unchanged from what we said at the beginning of the year specifically on the subsea tree demand. We see the same as about 2018, 2019 will be around 300 trees and we anticipate we are going to maintain our share. We've got a number of good projects in the pipeline that come through in the second half.You saw that we announced the GS4 with impacts which obviously comes through. And I think also encouraging is what we're seeing with the FPS site and that obviously comes through in 2020. So from a competitive standpoint subsea remains competitive, but we feel good and we like our portfolio. And the way we're structured today and feel good about 2020.
Brian Worrell: And if I look particularly at the margins look, Neil and the team, we've been working with them on repositioning the business from cost standpoint like where we are there. I do expect sequential increases in their margin rate as we execute on the volume that's in the backlog and continue to see services growth in that business. If I look where we are today, really, pricing's not a headwind, given where we've been in the industry. So don't see a significant change there. And the other thing to think about, as you look at 2020 is, you've seen the recovery and the flexibles business in the orders and thats actually a positive for 2020 margins just given the mix of that business.
Operator: Our next question comes from David Anderson with Barclays. Your line is open.
David Anderson: Thanks. Good morning. It sounded like you're ramping up pretty well along those international contracts you won in the last 12 months. So I wonder if you could just dig in a little more in to the ADNOC Drilling partnership. You talked about four rigs you're on right now or during the quarter, presumably those are all jackups. They have 20 jackups currently operating out there.Just wondering, can you just give us a sense, do you expect to be on all 20 of those? How does that ramp-up work? And then secondarily, you talked about making a lot of these drilling efficiencies, can you just talk about how you did that? I know you're providing drilling equipment, there's also a technology component. Maybe just help us a little to understand what you're doing there for ADNOC.
Lorenzo Simonelli: Yeah. Dave, I won't go through the specific operational side of ADNOC Drilling, but as you know, the partnership is one in which where we essentially have our employees with their employees and we're together in ADNOC drilling, actually completing the -- both the drill side and the services. And what this enables is efficiency.So with that integration and operational commitment that we have, we've been able to reduce the number of days to drill and as I mentioned, 88 days saved on the eight wells that have been drilled. And it's really a partnership that shows the success of collaboration. And we've seen that time and time again as we take away the silos between the operator and ourselves, we can find efficiencies and also the best-in-class technology that we've been providing them over the years.
Brian Worrell: Yeah. And then, just to reiterate, we are in early days of this contract as you pointed out. It's a relatively small number in terms of revenue and margin right now, but we do expect that to ramp through the year. And just as a reminder, we haven't even started on all the unconventional work that ADNOC is planning. So that's definitely tailwind as we look into next year and when they start their unconventional campaign. We're really well positioned for that.And I just reiterate what Lorenzo said there. We were bringing the best of what we have to offer to this partnership. We are working really closely with ADNOC Drilling and it's an integration and a partnership that I think is showing real results. So there's not any one particular thing there. It's the combination of how we're planning, working together, collaborating and we're very pleased with how it's performing and so is the ADNOC Drilling and the ADNOC team.
David Anderson: So let me ask you about another partnership is of the C3.ai joint venture. I know, you guys have been involved in predictive failure, the digital twin and to a certain extent AI for some time now. Is the right way to think about this is that C3 kind of brings a new software platform that effectively replaces what GE was providing? And that this is -- then this is a significant step-up that allows you to accelerate that digital business? Am I thinking about that right?
Lorenzo Simonelli: So, Dave, we've been working hard on digital offerings since we formed BHGE and we've also been monitoring the space. And every time I meet with the customers, the topic of digitization is at the top of their mind and thinking about how it's moving, transitioning and really should look at the C3.ai partnership as being an extension of the ecosystem of the capabilities that we have in digital for our customers in improving their outcomes.Our collective goal is to deliver artificial intelligence that is faster, easier and more scalable and we're extremely excited about our partnership with C3, because it extends our reach. Also C3 is very well-known in the space across multiple industries. They are renowned for their artificial intelligence and we really see this being as the digital transformation of this industry as we go forward. So again it's a step that we're taking to be at the forefront with our customers.
Brian Worrell: Yeah. And, Dave, the way I think about this is that the C3 technology and what we're doing within is really complementary to what we do today. Depending on what the customer is looking to achieve, it can go in with a lot of the other software offerings that we provide. Some of those are provided by GE, others we have in-house today.So it's really an integrated approach with a world-class provider. And we're really excited about the partnership with the C3 team and what we can integrate there and offer the customers to make a step function change for customers and their outcomes.The other thing that I'd point out that I really like about the C3 partnership is C3's got a lot of experience in other industries and with other companies and we're actually going to be able to take what C3 already has and use it internally to drive better process, more opportunities for cost reduction, better working capital management. So look I've spent some time with them and really excited about what we can do together for customers, but also what we can do internally to help back margins and returns inside of Baker.
Operator: Our next question comes from Bill Herbert with Simmons. Your line is open.
Bill Herbert: Thanks, good morning. Brian, you sort of reaffirmed guidance for the full year on EPS, but you didn't specify what that means. So could you just remind us in terms of what the full year guidance is? And what that implies for second half top-line in margins?
Brian Worrell: Yeah, like I said we really have an unchanged outlook for TPS in total. In third quarter, we do expect the impact of those earlier customer deliveries that they requested that happened in the second quarter to have an impact on revenue in the third quarter, but no change to the full year. Don't see any change to mid-teens margins in the second half like we talked about. Again, so really good about how the team is performing there, good visibility on what's in the equipment backlog and we'll convert in the second half and then with the transactional service orders strength that we anticipated, feel good about their total year.
Bill Herbert: Okay, thank you. And then with regard to OFS margins, you mentioned the conceptual underpinning of the guidance, but specifically it sounds like it's below 20% sequential incremental margin for the foreseeable future. Is that a fair interpretation of what you said?
Brian Worrell: Yeah, look I think from a revenue standpoint as you look at the second half, we expect to see the international growth rates. They will moderate versus what we saw in the first half. And as I outlined expect North America to be slightly down. So, look, I still expect that we will expand margin rates in the year as well as sequentially through the second half. And the dynamics I talked about on international, on the large contracts we'll continue to get better as we operate more in those contracts but still expect sequential margin improvement as we progress through the year.
Operator: Our next question comes from Brad Handler with Jefferies. Your line is open.
Brad Handler: Thanks. Good morning, guys.
Lorenzo Simonelli: Hi, Brad.
Brian Worrell: Hi, Brad.
Brad Handler: Hi. A couple of questions from me also related to TPS but different questions. And I think I know the answer to this is going to be no, but maybe you can speak to this idea in general. Concerns are being expressed that the current issue surrounding global economic growth, U.S./China tariff issues all of that might disrupt the LNG order flow to some degree, obviously, in broad strokes you said that's not happening and you see the outlay, but are you finding that in any conversations you're having? Are you sensing that is -- at a risk? That it could slow certain FIDs through the course of the next 12 months?
Lorenzo Simonelli: No. The answer is no. And really it comes down to the cycle-time that these projects go through. And if you look at today's discussions and also today's spot pricing really isn't impacting the FID decisions that are going to be bringing online the LNG that's required for 2030.As you look at demand, Chinese LNG imports continue to grow. You got South Korea continuing to grow, India continuing to grow. It really is as a fuel source one of the growth as you continue to see the energy transition take place. So, again, you got to look at it from a multiyear perspective.
Brad Handler: Okay, fair enough. And I guess I expected to hear as much, but it's nice to hear you say all the same. Unrelated as I mentioned, but still in TPS, maybe Brian I'm not sure I appreciate the distinction you're drawing between service orders and transactional service orders. So, if I'm thinking about margin, I had been under the impression that LNG-related service orders are your highest margin contributors within TPS. I don't know if I should be thinking about it that way, but if we fast-forward to the end of the year, given the nature of the equipment orders and that's starting to flow through backlog, what would you expect with service and equipment mix to be either towards the end of 2019 into 2020? Does that have any bearing at all on how we think about margins?
Brian Worrell: Yes, I think if you look I mean our services portfolio is a great portfolio. We've got the contractual services portfolio which is primarily LNG-related. And these are the long-term service contracts where we have guarantees in place about performance. We're on the site every day, working with the customer, planning all the service activities, and have obviously decades of experience with those. And we've got pretty good visibility into that revenue.The transactional services are basically services parts, field engineers, things of that nature that are not on contract, but again, we've got good line of sight into what needs to happen to the equipment and how it's operating throughout a quarter. But the customer actually determines when they buy parts or when they do the service. So, that's the distinction between transactional and contractual. So that transactional services has been up it's up 10% through the first half.Specifically on how these orders can be looked, orders that we're taking today for LNG you're not going to see that revenue come through really until the second half of 2020 and beyond. And then in the service cycle for those particular units, doesnt really start until a few years after installations, depending on the application and where it is. So what we're doing today by winning all these equipment deals is we're building a great annuity stream for years to come.So the service activity that you're seeing today is on equipment that has been installed. Specifically around your question around mix, listen, we've got a profitable equipment business. It tends to be less profitable than services so as you have an outsized growth on equipment, it will have mix implication in terms of the overall business. But all of that is taken into account in terms of how we talk about the business and the margin progression in 2019 and 2020.
Operator: Our next question comes from Chase Mulvehill with Bank of America. Your line is open.
Chase Mulvehill: Hey, appreciate you squeezing me in. Let's, I guess, stick with LNG and talk about maybe U.S. LNG, the potential for FIDs over the next couple of quarters. You know you've talked about you know one large order. Do you expect to see any additional larger orders in 2019, or is some of that kind of pushed out to 2020?
Lorenzo Simonelli: Look, as we mentioned, and again, we see the second half continuing to bode well for LNG. You've seen the FERC approval sort of gone through. So you look at Venture Globals Calcasieu Pass to Lauren's Driftwood, you got port offer. There are a number of projects we stay very close to all of the customers and they're all working through it. I do anticipate that again in the second half we'll see some final FIDs on these projects and also internationally we've got other projects as well. So we look at it staying close to the customers, but LNG activities strong in the second half.
Chase Mulvehill: Okay. Very good to hear. Brian, a quick follow-up for you on other non-core divestitures. You've had some nice noncore divestitures over the past couple of quarters. Do you have anything else that we think that you could sell and bring in some cash in the door?
Brian Worrell: Yes, I think. We've talked about looking at the portfolio and making sure we are focused on core areas that are accretive return here. So, look, I don't have anything that is imminent or any place where we have to take any action. But look we'll continue to look at the portfolio and if the right opportunity comes along to be able to maximize value for shareholders expand returns, we'll take a look at it. But, again, there's nothing specific that we have to get done here.
Operator: Thank you. And I'm showing no further questions at this time. I'd like to turn the call back to Mr. Lorenzo Simonelli for any closing remarks.
Lorenzo Simonelli: Yes. Thanks a lot. And just a few words in closing, I think we're very pleased with the execution in the second quarter. Our outlook is positive as our international business is growing and our longer-cycle businesses are rebuilding high-quality backlog, remaining focused on the priorities that we've set out from the beginning, gaining share, improving the margins and delivering strong cash flow. And Id just like to end also in thanking Phil for two years and we wish him well going back to Europe and all the best to him and thanks a lot for joining us today on the call.
Operator: Thank you, ladies and gentlemen, for participating in today's conference. This concludes today's program. You may all disconnect. Everyone have a great day.

===== 2019 Q1  (2019-04-30 09:30:00) =====
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Baker Hughes, a GE company, First Quarter 2019 Earnings Call. At this time all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later we will conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions will follow at that time. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded. I would now like to introduce your host for today's conference, Mr. Phil Mueller, Vice President, Investor Relations. Sir, you may begin.
Phil Mueller: Thank you, Kevin. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to the Baker Hughes, a GE company, first quarter 2019 earnings conference call. Here with me today are our Chairman and CEO, Lorenzo Simonelli; and our CFO, Brian Worrell. Today's presentation and the earnings release that was issued earlier today can be found on our website at bhge.com. As a reminder, during the course of this conference call, we will provide predictions, forecasts and other forward-looking statements. These statements are not guarantees of future performance and involve a number of risks and assumptions. Please review our SEC filings for some of the factors that could cause actual results to differ materially. As you know, reconciliations of operating income and other non-GAAP to GAAP measures can be found in our earnings release. With that, I will turn the call over to Lorenzo.
Lorenzo Simonelli: Thank you, Phil. Good morning, everyone, and thanks for joining us. On the call today, I will give a brief overview of our first quarter results, update you on our view of the market and some key themes and take you through the quarter highlights. Brian will then review our first quarter financial results in more detail before we open the call for questions. In the first quarter, we booked $5.7 billion in orders. We delivered $5.6 billion in revenue. Adjusted operating income in the quarter was $273 million. Free cash flow for the quarter was negative $419 million. Earnings per share for the quarter was $0.06 and adjusted EPS was $0.15. Importantly, our financial outlook for the second quarter and the total year 2019 is unchanged from what we communicated at the end of the fourth quarter 2018. Let me take a few moments to share our view on the market. The first quarter proved to be a period of stabilization for the global oil and gas markets. Oil prices rose during the quarter with Brent up 34% and WTI up 33%, rebounding from fourth quarter 2018 lows. OPEC and Russian production cuts and continued challenges in Venezuela are balancing the markets. U.S. production growth remained strong, but the lower CapEx budgets announced by our U.S. customers will likely have an impact on supply over the medium term. Rig counts in the U.S. was down 3% or 29 rigs in the first quarter, slightly less than previously expected. The U.S. DUC inventory hit a new all-time high in February at just over 8,500 DUCs. U.S. production is expected to be up more than 1 million barrels per day in 2019. While our independent customers focus on working within their cash flows, the major operators are moving with speed into areas such as the Permian Basin. The U.S. market remains the most dynamic and difficult to predict. We are closely monitoring activity as commodity prices change and operators can materially reevaluate their spending plans through the year. The Canadian rig count was up 2% in the first quarter, in line with our expectations. We expect Canadian activity to remain at significantly depressed levels in the second quarter and the remainder of the year. In the international markets, OPEC crude oil production has dropped 1.8 million barrels per day since November amid continuing challenges in Venezuela and lower outputs from Saudi Arabia and Iraq. Overall, international activity remains relatively robust, and our growth assumptions for those markets remain the same. Our outlook for the offshore market is consistent with what we communicated during our fourth quarter call. We expect total subsea tree demand for 2019 to be around 300 trees, essentially flat year-over-year. Our LNG outlook of up to 100 million tons per annum sanctioned by the end of 2019, including LNG Canada, is unchanged. In the first quarter, we saw the 16 MTPA Golden Pass project reach FID. Just recently, FERC approved Venture Global's Calcasieu Pass, Tellurian's Driftwood and Sempra's Port Arthur project. Our LNG market outlook is predicated upon the supply and demand fundamentals as we look out to 2030. We do not expect near-term challenges in LNG spot pricing to impact this outlook. To produce 550 MTPA by 2030, the industry will need to operate approximately 650 MTPA of nameplate capacity. This represents significant growth from today's 380 million tons of capacity. Therefore, we see 2019 FID as only the beginning of a substantial LNG project cycle for which we are well positioned. Each LNG project has specific requirements, and our customers demand a solution designed to best address their commercial and operational parameters. Depending on a variety of factors, customers can decide to either build the refrigeration train on site or have it delivered as a complete module. They made decide to work with larger or smaller drivers and utilize different liquefaction processes such as APCI or cascade. We can offer solutions across any process. From the largest scale site-built trains to the most integrated modular solutions, we are the industry leader. We have unparalleled engineering, manufacturing and testing capabilities and are by far the most referenced technology provider. In fact, our technology powers a substantial portion of current nameplate capacity. To maintain our competitive edge, we have continually invested in technology, even during the downturn. Our unparalleled track record and advanced technical solutions uniquely position us for the upcoming equipment build cycle. We expect to continue to win the most important projects in the industry. In summary, we have a positive outlook across a number of end markets. While the speed of the recovery varies across those markets, we see our company positioned to benefit from multiple growth drivers. Strengthening international markets will have the largest positive impact on our business. Approximately 70% of our total company's revenues and 60% of our oilfield service revenues are outside of North America. The next wave of LNG projects will be a significant tailwind for us, and we are expecting our offshore-related businesses in Oilfield Equipment and TPS to drive more significant earnings growth from 2020 onwards. However, we are not just relying on an improving market outlook. We continue to focus on regaining market share and introducing new initiatives and solutions for our customers to drive further growth in existing markets. We are focused on profitable growth using innovative structures, the strength and differentiation of our portfolio and a reinvigorated sales force to win business around the world. We are applying a rigorous framework that ensures the business we are winning is at the right margins and accretive to our current operations. Our international wins in 2018 are good examples of this process. A great example of a new solution is the range of carbon-competitive products we are offering for electric frac in the Permian. We are solving some of our customers' toughest challenges such as logistics, power and reducing flare gas emissions with products from our TPS portfolio. These solutions are based on our differentiated technology, which will enable new revenue and profit pools both for our equipment and our aftermarket service businesses in TPS. Across North America, there are more than 500 frac fleets totaling around 20 million horsepower, the majority of which are powered by trailer-mounted diesel engines. Each fleet can consume up to 7 million gallons of diesel annually amidst 70,000 metric tons of CO2 and require approximately 700 tanker truckloads of diesel to be supplied to site. In addition, many of the oil-producing shale basins produce an excess of gas that has flared today as a result of infrastructure constraints. Against this complex backdrop, there is significant opportunity for our gas turbine business to support our customers with a new range of solutions by making use of the associated gas to power hydraulic fracturing fleets. Electric frac enables a switch from diesel-driven to electrical-driven pumps, powered by modular gas turbine generator units. This alleviates several limiting factors for the operator or pressure pumping company such as diesel truck logistics, excess gas handling, carbon emissions and reliability of the pressure pumping operation. As infill drilling and multi-pad structures gain prominence, the opportunity to further deploy our extensive high-tech turbomachinery solutions, including our NovaLT products, is substantial. For context, 20 million horsepower translates to a potential market of 15 gigawatts of power. Over the past few years, we have been providing LM2500 gas turbine technology for electric frac to customers in the Permian with eight fleets successfully operating in the U.S. More recently, we are deploying our NovaLT and TM2500 technologies to a number of customers. This is an example of how we focus on a growing market where our technology provides significant differentiation. Investing in these high-tech markets will continue to be our priority versus competing in markets with low barriers to entry. Now let me share some specific highlights of the first quarter with you. In Oilfield Services, we are executing to grow share and improve margins. Our strategy to utilize the strength of our drilling and completion offerings and reengage with customers in critical markets across the OFS portfolio is showing clear signs of success. While we are driving these initiatives, we remain focused on executing in our core product lines. We continue to deliver record performance with our drilling services offerings in North America. To further support growth and profitability in the core business, we opened a new motor sector of excellence in Oklahoma City in early April. Following the opening of the center, BHGE is the only service company that designs, develops and manufactures every aspect of its downhole motors in-house. At this location, we can innovate, manufacture, service and repair our drilling motors. We closely monitor all aspects of motor performance and collaborate to fine-tune processes. We built the center in Oklahoma to be in close proximity to our North American customers. For us, this means reduced product costs. For our customers, it means superior motor quality and better reliability. As I mentioned earlier, our core component of our share growth strategy is to reengage with customers globally where we see the opportunity to drive profitable growth for our company. For example, in wireline, we secured a large multiyear contract with Petrobras, reentering the wireline market in Brazil after a number of years. We were also successful with the strategy in our drilling and completion fluids business. In the first quarter, we were awarded several significant contracts in Asia Pacific, North America and the Middle East, displacing competitors and driving growth for BHGE. These are clear examples where consistent engagement with our customer, technology and strong service delivery can lead to meaningful increases in share, revenue, and most importantly, margins. Overall, our strategy in OFS remains clear. We will grow market share that is accretive to margin, drive cost out of our products and reduce service delivery costs. In Oilfield Equipment, we had another strong orders quarter, building on the momentum from 2018. The successful commercialization of Subsea Connect is gaining traction. Subsea Connect enables early engagement with our customers. We are driving deeper partnerships across the value chain and deploying our new Aptara product family to deliver improved outcomes. In the first quarter, Subsea Connect played an integral role in a number of our wins in OFE. A good example is our partnership with BP and McDermott on the Tortue project. We spent the last 12 months collocated with BP and McDermott's offices in London. Our collaboration during the FEED space and holistic project planning will allow us to drive unprecedented efficiencies and dramatically reduce lead times. We also had a great win Beach Energy in the quarter. We will supply subsea production systems for the Otway project, a natural gas field offshore South Australia. We are leveraging our early customer engagement and our modular technology to lower cost and improve production cycle times. Both of these wins demonstrate Subsea Connect in action. We are confident that our offering and experience will continue to drive change as we see an increase in early engagement activity with customers around the world. We were also pleased to be awarded the contract to supply subsea production system for the Ichthys field. We were able to leverage existing designs and technology to drive standardization and enable fast execution. These project awards demonstrate our leadership in subsea gas production and leverage a combination of global and local teams with experience in key markets around the world. In our flexibles product line, we have made tremendous progress over the past year on our advanced Flexible Pipe technologies and new materials. We are actively focused on the commercialization of our new Aptara composite program. Our positive outlook for orders growth in our flexible business is unchanged. We see significant opportunities in 2019, both in Latin America and other regions such as the Middle East. In Turbomachinery & Process Solutions, the first quarter of 2019 saw continued activity in the LNG market with further progress on several projects. In the first quarter, we secured the award to provide Turbomachinery equipment for ExxonMobil and Qatar Petroleum's 16 million tons per annum Golden Pass LNG export facility. We will provide 6 heavy-duty gas turbines driving 12 centrifugal compressors for the plant. We are deploying our MS7001 gas turbine technology, which is the most utilized large industrial gas turbine in the LNG market. Also during the quarter, we won the award to provide turbocompressor technology for the 2.5 MTPA BP Tortue FLNG project. BHGE will provide technology for four compressor trains. Our aeroderivative gas turbine-based solution is well proven in similar FLNG applications, achieving best-in-class reliability and availability rates. This award, together with the subsea win on the Tortue project, demonstrates the strength and breadth of our full-stream portfolio for offshore gas deals. We were also pleased to recently be selected by KBR to include BHGE technology in their standardized mid-scale LNG facility design. Our gas turbine technologies will provide ideal power ratings, speed and power flexibility, long maintenance intervals and industry-leading efficiencies for KBR-designed LNG facilities. In the quarter, we also secured an important win in our upstream production business in Saudi Arabia with the Berri Oilfield. Our equipment will help Saudi Aramco to produce an additional 250,000 barrels of crude oil per day and also help to transport additional low-pressure gas to a nearby gas plant. This win is a further example of our commitment to Saudi Arabia's IKTVA program. In Digital Solutions, we continue to see growth across our leading hardware technologies. In industrial inspection business, we are driving growth with customers across end markets such as electronics, automotive, aviation and additive manufacturing. As evidence of this success, Frost & Sullivan announced our position as global market leader in industrial CT applications in 2018, a great win for the inspection technologies team. To continue this success, we are developing new products and expanding our local presence. As some of you know, we opened our first major customer solutions center in Cincinnati in mid-2018 to support the growing need for our nondestructive testing. Our Cincinnati center has significantly surpassed our initial expectations, and we are planning to open new centers in Asia and Silicon Valley in 2019. Also in the quarter, we launched Lumen, a digitally integrated monitoring system for mainframe needs. By using advanced data analysis, this technology helps to reduce emissions and increase safety for operators. Lumen includes a full suite of methane monitoring and inspection solutions, which are capable of streaming live data from sensors to a cloud-based software dashboard. We have launched this technology on more than 10 individual pilot projects and will continue to introduce it to customers globally. Lumen is a perfect example of BHGE's leading sensor portfolio, which we use to develop software solutions and is part of our commitment to support a net zero carbon future. In closing, we delivered a solid first quarter. Our total year outlook is unchanged, and we are encouraged by stabilizing commodity prices, strengthening international markets and a robust LNG project pipeline. Our company is positioned to benefit from multiple growth drivers. We remain focused on our priorities of gaining share, improving margins and generating strong cash flow. With that, let me turn the call over to Brian.
Brian Worrell: Thanks, Lorenzo. I will begin with the total company results and then move into the segment details. Orders for the quarter were $5.7 billion, up 9% year-over-year and down 17% sequentially. The year-over-year growth was driven by Oilfield Equipment, which was up 54%, and Oilfield Services which was up 14% partially offset by lower order intake in Turbomachinery due to timing. We delivered solid orders growth across both equipment and services. Equipment orders were up 17% and service orders were up 4%. Sequentially, the decline was driven by typical seasonality across all segments following our strong fourth quarter. Remaining performance obligation was $20.5 billion, down 2% sequentially. Equipment RPO ended at $5.5 billion. Services RPO ended at $15 billion. Our total company book-to-bill ratio and our equipment book-to-bill in the quarter were both 1.0. Revenue for the quarter was $5.6 billion, down 10% sequentially. This sequential decline was driven by seasonality across most segments. Turbomachinery was down 27%. Digital Solutions was down 14% and Oilfield Services was down 3%, partially offset by Oilfield Equipment up 1%. Year-over-year, revenue was up 4% driven by Oilfield Services, which was up 12%, and Oilfield Equipment up 11%, partially offset by Turbomachinery down 11% and digital solutions down 1%. Operating income for the quarter was $176 million, which is down 54% sequentially. Operating income was up $217 million year-over-year. Adjusted operating income was $273 million, which excludes $97 million of restructuring, separation and other charges. Adjusted operating income was down 45% sequentially and up 20% year-over-year. Our adjusted operating income rate for the quarter was 4.9%, up 60 basis points year-over-year. Corporate costs were $100 million in the quarter, down 9% sequentially and up 2% year-over-year. Depreciation and amortization was $350 million, down 1% sequentially and down 10% year-over-year. Tax expense for the quarter was $67 million. Earnings per share were $0.06, down $0.22 sequentially and $0.10 year-over-year. Adjusted earnings per share were $0.15, down $0.11 sequentially and up $0.06 year-over-year. Free cash flow in the quarter was a usage of $419 million. This was driven by annual payments associated with employee compensation as well as higher inventory, which we built in anticipation of increasing levels of activity in the coming quarters. In addition, we experienced some delays in receivables collection. These have largely resolved themselves in the second quarter. Our cash flow expectations for the year are unchanged. Now I will walk you through the segment results. In Oilfield Services, revenue for the first quarter was $3 billion, down 3% sequentially, driven by a softer North American market. North America revenue was down 6% sequentially. Canada and U.S. onshore played out largely in line with the outlook we gave on our fourth quarter call. In addition, we experienced lower utilization of our offshore Pressure Pumping vessels. International revenue was flat versus the prior quarter with growth in the Middle East and Sub-Saharan Africa offset by declines in Asia Pacific and Europe. Operating income was $176 million, down 22% sequentially. Decremental margins were moderately higher than expected mainly due to lower utilization on our offshore Pressure Pumping fleet as well as slightly higher ramp-up costs on our new international contracts. In the second quarter, we expect mid-single-digit revenue sequentially. We expect strong incrementals as utilization for our offshore Pressure Pumping vessels returns to normal levels and the negative impact from the contract ramp-up costs abate. Turning to Oilfield Equipment. Orders in the quarter were $766 million, up 54% year-over-year. Equipment orders were up 82% year-over-year, driven by key project awards from BP and Beach Energy. Service orders were up 21% versus last year and up 18% sequentially. This improvement was driven by increased activity and successful execution of our expanded service offering as well as higher orders in our Surface Pressure Control business in North America. Revenue was $735 million, up 11% versus the prior year. This increase was driven by improving Subsea Production Systems volume partially offset by lower revenues in Flexible Pipe systems. Operating profit was $12 million, up $18 million year-over-year driven by increased volume and better cost absorption in Subsea Production Systems. In the second quarter, we expect the business to be flat sequentially as higher revenues in SPS are offset by lower volume in our flexibles business. Moving to Turbomachinery. Orders in the quarter were $1.3 billion, down 12% versus the prior year mainly due to timing of equipment orders, which were down 14% year-over-year. LNG equipment orders were up significantly. However, the declines in other Turbomachinery segments more than offset this growth. Service orders were down 12% driven primarily by fewer upgrades, which was partially offset by higher transactional services orders. Overall, we continue to expect a very strong orders year for TPS in 2019, primarily driven by LNG. Revenue for the quarter was $1.3 billion, down 11% versus the prior year. The decline was driven by the sale of our natural gas solutions business in 2018 and lower equipment installations. This was partially offset by higher contractual services revenue. Operating income for Turbomachinery was $118 million, down 1% year-over-year. The sale of NGS and higher technology spend on LNG offset the benefits from our cost-out efforts and improved business mix. The operating income rate in the first quarter was 9.1%. In second quarter, we expect TPS revenues and margins to be roughly flat sequentially as better margins in the core business continue to be offset by our accelerated technology spend. Our total year outlook for TPS remains unchanged. Finally, on Digital Solutions. Orders for the first quarter were $659 million, up 2% year-over-year. Strong growth in Bently Nevada, measurement and sensing and inspection technologies was partially offset by declines in Pipeline and Process Solutions. Regionally, we saw continued orders growth in North America, China and the Middle East. Revenue for the quarter was $592 million, down 1% year-over-year. Growth in measurement and sensing and our pipeline business was more than offset by declines in our controls business due to the continued softness in the power end market. Operating income was $68 million, down 6% year-over-year, driven by lower volume and unfavorable product mix only partially offset by better cost productivity. In the second quarter, we expect Digital Solutions to be down slightly year-over-year on revenues and margins as the weak power end market continues to impact the business. With that, I will turn the call back over to Phil.
Phil Mueller: Thanks. With that, Kevin, let's open the call for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from James West with Evercore ISI.
James West: Hey, good morning guys, or actually good afternoon to you. Lorenzo, in your prepared comments about LNG, obviously, very bullish but kind of holding one from where you were last quarter. It seems to me that even in the last three months, we've had more of an acceleration and a rush to kind of FID LNG projects. Do you think you're perhaps conservative at this point with respect to the number of projects that will go forward this year? And could we see upside surprises to that? And then, I guess, secondarily to that, any changes in the competitive dynamics on the LNG side given your dominant position?
Lorenzo Simonelli: James, we feel good about the 100 million tons. And if you break it down you can see year-to-date, you've got the FID of Golden Pass, that's 16 million tons. You've got BP Tortue, another 2.5 million tons. And also, if you put in the LNG Canada, 14 million tons at the end of last year, you've got 35 million tons that's taken place so far. You've also got the FERC approval that came through this quarter from a number of projects in North America, Venture Global with Calcasieu Pass, Tellurian Driftwood and also Port Arthur as Sempra's LNG project. So we're working closely with these customers. So we feel good about those continuing and reaching certain milestones internationally. We've also got Qatar, Mozambique projects, and of course, Arctic 2. So I'd say 100 million tons looks good and we continue to feel positive. Regarding the competitive landscape, as we said before, competition has always been there. We feel good about our proven technology and also the incumbency we have. And also, if you look at the new technology that we've been releasing, the LM9000, so it's going to remain competitive. But again, we're taking the steps from a technology standpoint to make sure that we can compete and stay ahead.
James West: Okay. Great. That's great. And then Brian, with respect to kind of full year estimates that are out there, I know you guys don't give specific guidance, but it seems to be that this is a sector, obviously, that's had a negative earnings revision cycle for a long period of time, but we may be at a bottom here and to kind of finding our way to where we can at least meet expectations, if not exceed expectations. Do you have any concerns around kind of where consensus is shaking out for the full year?
Brian Worrell: Yes. James, I actually feel pretty good about where we are and how the year is shaping up for us. If you take a look at it by segment, in OFS, the international business is growing as we expected, and we still see that in the high single-digit range. And the main areas of that growth are really in the Middle East, and we're seeing some growth in the North Sea. In North America, the business looks more flattish given the current backdrop and, of course, we're watching North America closely, and it's a bit early for visibility into the second half. But as I said, we are watching that. And you got to remember, we do have the synergies and the cost out in the OFS business that we are -- we're driving, and that's a tailwind for OFS. You highlighted the LNG cycle here. I like how we're positioned there from a TPS standpoint and our general outlook's unchanged. But for the year specifically, we expect higher services activity. We like the mix of business in our equipment backlog. And then Rod and the team are continuing to drive the cost out, and we are investing more in the first half to get ready for this LNG ramp. So that's a slight headwind versus the cost out that they're driving. And then in OFE, as we've said, I expect better results in 2018, but that's going to be slightly tempered by the FPS business where we're seeing lower volume and higher volume in the FPS business. And then finally, on digital, roughly flat versus 2018. The industrial end markets are looking pretty strong right now. We are seeing continued weakness in the power end markets, but we'll continue to watch that as the macroeconomic environment develops throughout the year. So to sum up, as I started, I feel pretty good about where we are and how the year is shaping up.
Operator: Our next question comes from Angie Sedita with Goldman Sachs.
Angie Sedita: Thanks. Good morning, guys.
Lorenzo Simonelli: Hi, Angie.
Angie Sedita: So on the Oilfield Services, clearly, you had a good quarter with better-than-expected revenues and nice margins as well. Maybe Lorenzo, you can talk a little bit about the opportunity set that you see in international markets for gaining additional shares and where you are on your targets as you think about where you want to be on Oilfield Service market share. Are we still in early stages or midway through those share gains? And then just some commentary on the pricing outlook as you gain share with margin.
Lorenzo Simonelli: Yes, Angie. As we look at the international markets, we see it continuing to be mid- to high single-digit growth rates. We feel good about the momentum that continues in the Middle East. Obviously, if you look at the North Sea, there's been some key wins with Equinor and the Norwegian Continental Shelf that's driving some of our growth there. And as you look at Sub-Saharan Africa, Asia Pacific, that will remain challenging with some slower market growth. And Latin America, we'll see some pockets of opportunity. I think, overall, the international markets in the last few years have been -- continue to be more competitive on the pricing side. What you're seeing come through at the moment is some of the revenue from the projects that have been won in the 2017, 2018time frame. And what we're focused on is really winning deals that are accretive to our operations as we've won with ADNOC Drilling, Marjan, Qatar drilling, and we feel good about the trade-offs that we're making between the margins and share gains. So international continues to be a spot of focus for us as we go forward.
Brian Worrell: Yes. Angie, I would just add on that. What we're seeing in the international market is not really idiosyncratic to us. It's seen across the industry, and I think we're doing a nice job of looking at deals and looking at markets and making the right trade-off between share and margin, and it's something we spend a lot of time with Maria Claudia and the team on as we evaluate these deals. And we're happy with where we are from a share point right now, but there's always more we can do, and we are looking to continue to grow share in areas where we can improve returns.
Angie Sedita: That's helpful. Then maybe if you go to Oilfield Equipment and talk about some of the wins you're seeing with Subsea Connect and the opportunity set for the rest of the year and even the margin outlook going into 2020 and if Flexible Pipe could be add as we go into 2020.
Brian Worrell: Yes. Angie, if you look at where we are, very happy with the wins that we're seeing in Oilfield Equipment, some early wins with Subsea Connect. When you did talk about 2018, better volume in that business and Neil and the team have taken a lot of structural costs out and taken a lot of product costs out of the products. So you'll start to see some of that come through as we see more SPS volume here in the second half, and that's definitely a tailwind as we go into 2020 from all the cost out of the actual product and the wins we're seeing with Subsea Connect. From a Flexible Pipe business standpoint, we did have softer orders in 2018, and you're seeing that play through in 2019 and having an impact on the business. But we did talk about 2019 seeing some potential growth in Flexible Pipes. The projects are definitely out there. As you know, these big project timings can move from one quarter to another. But right now, things are pretty much playing out as we anticipated, and I'd say it should be a tailwind as we go into 2020. But overall, we feel good about the trajectory of our OFE business, how we're positioned in the market and the offshore market in general.
Lorenzo Simonelli: Angie, I would say we're very pleased with the Subsea Connect we launched in November 2018 and its a new modular approach towards deepwater technology. It provides a lot of standardization opportunity to become more productive for the operators. And we're offering a lot of flexibility for the different operators. So Subsea Connect is definitely doing what it said it would do.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jud Bailey with Wells Fargo.
Jud Bailey: Question if I could, maybe for Brian. Could you maybe give us some more color on TPS orders, given that you booked Golden Pass and also Tortue? And can appreciate everything outside of LNG was down. It seems like orders should have been higher. And so could you help us maybe size up to the extent you can kind of what's going on there given where orders should go overall?
Brian Worrell: Yes, Jud. To start with, as you know, we don't give LNG specifics by deal due to the competitive sensitivity of that information, but we did have LNG orders up significantly year-over-year. The majority of the other segments were down and were offsetting that. We still feel very good about the overall LNG orders this year and the FIDs that are going to come through, as Lorenzo mentioned. And if you take a look at the other segments, there are lots of opportunities there. We are seeing more activity. But as you know, deal timing can move across quarters depending on when customers decide to run some of these FIDs. So overall, the market backdrop is pretty constructive. I will say that, as we previously talked about, we will make some trade-offs between relatively higher-margin projects, particularly in LNG and some of the other segments where we have higher margins versus others that we had flow through the backlog over the course of the last couple of years when things were a bit softer. So look, I wouldn't be surprised if some of the lower-margin segments are actually down on orders year-over-year, and we're spending a lot of time looking at that mix of business and making sure we're doing what we need to do for our customers but also optimizing returns during the cycle.
Jud Bailey: Okay. I appreciate that. I guess if I could maybe follow up on that. So if I think about the non-LNG OEM kind of order portion, I guess, do we think that kind of normalizes back to -- over 2Q and 3Q to a little bit higher levels? Or is that like a good baseline to use unless we see some bigger orders start to come through? Just trying to understand kind of what the new normal may be for non-LNG orders, just to have a rough kind of estimate.
Brian Worrell: Look, I do think it will, to use your words, normalize a bit and maybe not be at the same levels that you're seeing in terms of the year-over-year. But again, I wouldn't be surprised if for the total year, in some of those segments, we're not down as we make those trade-offs. So we are down in the first quarter year-over-year. But again, I don't know that it will be to this level as we look at the rest of the year.
Operator: Our next question comes from Sean Meakim with JPMorgan.
Sean Meakim: To follow on the question on LNG competition and the read-through to your expectations for 2019, how should we think about the level of OEM orders needed to exit 2019 at that mid to upper teens profitability that you've put out there as a bogey for exiting the year?
Brian Worrell: Yes. Sean, if you think about it, the orders that we're going to be booking right now in LNG really don't have an impact on margin rates in TPS here in the second half. The timing of win that converts to revenue really depends on the scope of the project, greenfield versus brownfield, those types of things. But in a typical greenfield within the first six months of FID you actually book the order, but the revenue really starts up a little bit six months but goes really through 24 months of post-FID. And we recognize revenue based on milestones like construction progress, testing and installation. So that's really a later impact. So what you see in Turbomachinery really this year is a couple of things. One is we expect to benefit from better mix in the equipment backlog like I talked about, and we do expect higher services activity throughout the year. And the transactional service orders in the first quarter certainly are a good indicator that things are playing out as we'd expect if you're early on in the year. We are continuing to drive cost out in the portfolio and then the incremental LNG spend that we had talked to you about earlier really should abate here in the second half of the year. So you've got a profile that looks a lot like last year in terms of margin progression, and the dynamics are really playing out that way. So look, we booked a lot of orders in the second half of 2018 that you saw that certainly helped second half of 2019 and what we're booking right now plays out really in 2020 and beyond.
Sean Meakim: So it sounds like no walk back from prior expectations around the margin progression aside from what you already called out for the first half.
Brian Worrell: Yes, that's right. As I said, I feel good about how we're positioned there and don't see anything that changes that right now.
Sean Meakim: Okay. I appreciate that. That's very helpful. And then just thinking about cash a little bit. Anything beyond typical seasonality as we look at the working capital draw in the first quarter? And I'm just curious how much room is left to optimize OFS working capital metrics. Just thinking about some of those key initiatives, Brian, that you've been focused on for the last year-plus.
Lorenzo Simonelli: Yes, yes. Sean, as I did say, we did expect a usage in the first quarter. You got the -- outside of working capital, you've got the typical bonus and employee-related compensation that happens in the first quarter. Inventory, we did build intentionally to fulfill the increased volume that we're seeing coming to the portfolio. And I'd say that one area that was lower than we anticipated in the quarter was around collections, and that was mainly timing, and a lot of that came in the first week after the quarter closed and has pretty much fixed itself by now. So there's nothing structural there from a working capital standpoint. And look, we do have opportunities to continue to improve. I mean, we've reduced days sales outstanding by 23 days since we merged. We've increased payable days by 27 days, and we've improved inventory almost by a turn. We've got dedicated teams continue to look at this, and I do think there's still opportunities in those working capital metrics to help us continue to grow without it being such large drag on working capital, and we are all focused on free cash flow generation and managing working capital better. So feel good about the dynamics and the framework that we laid out earlier in terms of free cash flow and our ability there to generate high free cash flow.
Operator: Our next question comes from Marc Bianchi with Cowen.
Marc Bianchi: Most of my questions have been answered, but I guess I'd like to explore the electric frac fleet opportunity a little bit more. Is there any way you could help size this opportunity relative to some of the LNG awards that you talk about? Any way to put some dollars around that, maybe dollars per fleet and compare the profitability?
Lorenzo Simonelli: Yes, Marc. Just again, if you look at the electric frac market, it's going to vary by the different fields. We see a good opportunity for our TPS business. Where it's going to be most prevalent is if you look into areas such as the Permian where there's challenges around logistics, power and flare gas emissions. So you're able to take some of the gas and instead of utilizing the flare gas, you can actually utilize within the electric frac. So if you look at some metrics, you think about 20 million horsepower translates into about 15 gigawatts of power, so the market potential is there. And for us, it's a very interesting new market entry with the pressure pumpers and also the packages and it's starting to be offered now and starting to grow with our customers.
Brian Worrell: Yes. Marc, if you think about it, the sheer size of this from an individual transaction is much, much lower dollar value versus LNG or some of the larger projects and things that we have, but you can have a very profitable business here in selling our turbine technology. And in this space, we've got a lot of options here, the LM2500 technology, our Nova 16 technology. And the value proposition is really all around less people at site you've got less equipment mobilize and demobilize one trailer versus multiple. And then if you think about it for the operator that actually owns the well, taking that flare gas potentially, putting into a gas turbine and using that for your field is a pretty significant cost reduction. So there's a really good value proposition here that will drive better economics for customers as well as allow us to have pretty good economics as we sell the equipment here. But from an actual dollar size individual transaction, it's a lot lower than what you typically see in Turbomachinery for these larger transactions.
Marc Bianchi: Okay. Thanks for that Brian, I do have one more, kind of unrelated, on CapEx. I noticed this quarter you've combined the kind of the capital expenditures and the gain on disposal. Just wondering if, as we roll through the rest of the year in the context of your up to 5% of revenue guidance for CapEx, should we be thinking about that number that you reported here in the first quarter as being the relevant number for the up to 5%? Or are we going to see something different in the Q and think about kind of that actual outlay of CapEx being the relevant number for the guidance?
Brian Worrell: Yes, yes, Marc, thats really the way to think about it here. I mean, if you think about it, the gross CapEx is really not a material change versus last year other than specific international projects like ADNOC and some of the deals that we've won in the Middle East. And in the first quarter, I'd say it's pretty representative of where we're investing in our CapEx, CapEx spend in new tools to drive growth as well as in Turbomachinery as we're launching new products there. So the numbers that you see there in the first quarter are pretty representative of how we think about the up to 5% of revenue.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from David Anderson with Barclays.
David Anderson: Hi. I was wondering if you could just talk about the path towards normalized and peak margins in TPS over the next several years. Kind of moving beyond 2019, just thinking about how the LNG equipment orders convert into revenue. I would expect the first wave maybe is a little bit lower margins but you also have the aftermarket starting to build in from last cycle. Can you just talk about the interplay of those two functions and kind of when you think you hit normalize and perhaps when you think you could hit peak margins in TPS?
Brian Worrell: Yes, David, if you think about it, it's a little bit in an earlier question. What you're seeing right now really is not going to convert into  what coming through right now in orders really isn't going to start converting into revenue until 2020. You'll start to see some of the things from the second half of last year later in 2019 and we talked about tailwinds in 2019 in the second half that will improve margin rates. The other dynamic that you have is really the services revenue, and we talked about contractual services revenue being up in 2019, and we are starting to see that play out and that's really from LNG installs from a few years ago. So as you look at that portfolio, you really got to take a look at  and you can see when equipment was installed and when LNG started to be produced in all these different projects to see how that services revenue starts to roll off. But right now, we are seeing an upcycle in the contractual services revenue. You'll start to see more equipment rolling off next year from the orders that we booked this year. And then we do have a healthy CSA backlog that's going to continue to produce the high-margin revenue in 2020 and 2021.
David Anderson: Do you have a sense as to when that service side kind of peaks from last cycle? Is that a 2021 event on those ones?
Brian Worrell: Yes. No. Look, you're going to have some times where it doesn't grow as much. But based on what we have installed and where they are in the operating cycle, I would expect that services revenue to continue growing. Year-on-year, you'll have some different growth rates. But in general, that service revenue for the foreseeable future, we would expect it to grow.
David Anderson: And then on the OFS side, you talked about reentering a number of international markets that Baker or kind of, Lorenzo, your predecessor exited over the prior years. Just curious, where are you in that process now? Are you kind of where you want to be? I think you're talking about kind of  talking about market share, kind of the gains, but are there more opportunities? And do you think you can regain kind of satisfactorily what you've lost in the prior cycles? And I'm just trying to think about how do you strike that balance, obviously, through gaining share and improving margins in OFS as you think about this.
Lorenzo Simonelli: Yes, Dave. As mentioned, we've heightened our commercial intensity and we're always going to look at the tradeoffs between share and margin. When we're taking on projects, we're looking for them to be accretive to the operations. I'd say we've made good progress in the Middle East over the course of 2018. We're continuing to focus there. We see international markets within Eastern Europe and also some of Africa as opportunities. So were making very good progress, but theres still some more we can do. But again, well always take into account the tradeoff of margin and share.
Operator: Thank you. our next question comes from Chase Mulvehill with Bank of America.
Chase Mulvehill: Hey good afternoon.
Lorenzo Simonelli: Hi, Chase.
Chase Mulvehill: Hey. Im going to come back to the TPS orders. So if we can, I guess, I think theres more moving pieces in base orders. I guess, theyre not really appreciated in TPS. So the order rate was down about 12% year-over-year. Could you talk through what the biggest kind of year-over-year declines were within TPS? And then maybe do you think for 2019 that orders will be up?
Brian Worrell: Chase, as I said, LNG was up significantly in the quarter. The other segments were down enough to obviously offset that growth there. And if you look, it really varies by segment. And taking a look at it by quarter, Chase, is really difficult given the nature of the projects and when they are FID-ing. So I think you really have to take a look over the course of a few quarters here, and thats really how I look at the business over rolling quarters to see what were doing vis-a-vis the market. But the speed at which different parts the business grow is really governed by customer FID. So the on- and offshore is really going to be driven by some of these large projects and when they decide to FID. But as we said earlier, we do expect the total year to be up significantly given the LNG cycle that were seeing and what we expect to FID there. And in addition, Ill just reiterate what I said earlier, that we are taking a look, a hard look at the opportunities, and we will make some tradeoffs based on margin and returns here as we see a pretty positive backdrop for Turbomachinery in total.
Lorenzo Simonelli: Chase, I think its important to remember as you look at the LNG, its always been lumpy and it will continue to be lumpy as we go forward. But again, the expectation hasnt changed for the year and TPS should have good orders here.
Chase Mulvehill: Okay. All right. Thats a good color. Appreciate it. And then if we think about OFS business in  particularly in North America, if we kind of look of your peers on a sequential performance basis, you underperformed your peers a little bit, but it was a bit surprising just given that you dont have Pressure Pumping. So maybe could you kind of give us some moving pieces in the first quarter, kind of what kind of surprise to the downside, which business segments do you think kind of underperformed in the first quarter?
Lorenzo Simonelli: Yes, again, if you look at what we expected and also what we discussed, sequential revenue was a decline in North America largely driven by Canada and U.S., really played out as much as wed said it would and we continue to feel very good about our positioning. If you think about our well construction segment, weve indicated that it would be lower. But if you look at our drilling systems and again what were doing from a technology differentiation, feel good about outpacing the rig count as we go forward as well. So I think artificial lift and chemicals, we continue to grow. So very much in line as we anticipated the first quarter would be.
Brian Worrell: And then look, Id say well construction pretty much played out as we thought it would. Were coming off of a very strong fourth quarter, and I feel pretty good about where Maria Claudia and the team are positioned in North America and globally right now.
Operator: Thank you. And ladies and gentlemen, that conclude the Q&A portion for todays conference. I would like to turn the call back over to Lorenzo for closing remarks.
Lorenzo Simonelli: Yes. Thanks a lot. And maybe just a few words in closing. Were pleased with our first quarter results and specifically with the outlook for our business. Our financial outlook for 2019 remains unchanged. And when I refer to the outer years, I see multiple growth drivers for our company. We remain focused on our priorities of gaining share, improving margins and delivering strong cash flow. Thank you for joining us today and for your interest in our company. We look forward to speaking to you again soon.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in todays conference. This concludes todays program. You may all disconnect. And have a wonderful day.

===== 2018 Q4  (2019-01-31 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Baker Hughes, a GE Company, Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2018 Earnings Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions will follow at that time. [Operator Instructions]. As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded. I would now like to introduce your host for today's conference, Mr. Phil Mueller, Vice President of Investor Relations. Sir, you may begin.
Phil Mueller: Thank you, Daniel. Good morning everyone and welcome to the Baker Hughes, a GE Company, fourth quarter and full-year 2018 earnings conference call. We are hosting today's call from London after having just concluded our 20th Annual Customer Meeting in Florence. Here with me are our Chairman and CEO, Lorenzo Simonelli; and our CFO, Brian Worrell. Today's presentation and the earnings release that was issued earlier today can be found on our website at bhge.com. As a reminder, during the course of this conference call, we will provide predictions, forecasts, and other forward-looking statements. Although they reflect our current expectations, these statements are not guarantees of future performance and involve a number of risks and assumptions. Please review our SEC filings for a discussion of some of the factors that could cause actual results to differ materially. As you know, reconciliations of operating income and other non-GAAP to GAAP measures can be found in our earnings release and on our website at bhge.com under the Investor Relations section. With that, I will turn the call over to Lorenzo.
Lorenzo Simonelli: Thank you, Phil. Good morning everyone and thanks for joining us. On the call today, I will give a brief overview of our fourth quarter results, update you on our view of the market, and take you through some of the highlights of the quarter. Brian will then review our fourth quarter results and full-year in more detail before we open up the call for questions. In the fourth quarter, we booked $6.9 billion in orders, our largest order quarter in three years. We delivered $6.3 billion in revenues. Adjusted operating income in the quarter was $498 million. The strength of our portfolio was evidenced in the fourth quarter. Strong results in our Turbomachinery business offset the challenges in the OFS market. Free cash flow in the quarter was $876 million, our best cash flow quarter as a combined company. Earnings per share for the quarter were $0.28 and adjusted EPS was $0.26. When I looked at our total year results for 2018, I am pleased with how we executed on the priorities we set out. I cannot thank our employees enough for their hard work and dedication to achieve our goals throughout the year. For the total year, orders were $23.9 billion as we grew market share and re-built our equipment backlog. We delivered $1.4 billion of operating income and generated $1.2 billion of free cash flow. 2018 was also a year of significant change for us. We moved beyond the initial integration phase into the next chapter for BHGE, as a combined company. We saw the market environment change significantly as we progressed through the year and our majority shareholder announced their intent to exit their stake in our company. We took the first step in this process in November by reducing GE's ownership to approximately 50.4%. At the same time, we reached critical commercial agreements with GE that position our company for the future. I will provide you more detail on these agreements later on. Throughout this environment of change, we remain focused on our strategic and operating priorities. We have made significant progress on each of these and I will take you through the details on the call today. Let me take a few moments to share our view on the market. The fourth quarter was a reminder of the volatility in our industry. Oil prices declined significantly with both Brent and WTI spot prices dropping nearly 40% and WTI declining for 12 consecutive sessions between October 29th and November 13th. U.S. production surprised the upside and we saw completions activity in North America, specifically in the Permian dropped significantly. Iranian supply remains online and Saudi Arabian oil production hit record highs in November. Although OPEC agreed to cut 1.2 million barrels per day of production in December, 2018 marks the first time since 2015 that crude oil prices ended the year lower than at the beginning of the year. These macro factors are well known. So let me describe how these changes in the environment impact us and our outlook as we move into 2019. The areas most impacted by the recent steep decline in crude prices are the more traditional transactional markets in the U.S. and Canada. We expect the activity slowdown and pricing deteriorations in these markets in the first half of 2019 to negatively impact our well construction product lines. We expect the market for artificial lift and production chemicals to remain stable. Our international outlook for 2019 remains unchanged, with solid growth in key regions like the Middle East and the North Sea. Our outlook for offshore is relatively unchanged. Subsea Tree demand for 2019 is expected to be around 300 trees. We are watching this space closely as our customers evaluate their budgets in the current environment. We are seeing a positive change in the LNG market. Given the continued strong demand dynamics, likely project sanctioning is accelerating faster than we previously anticipated. We now see an opportunity for considerably more LNG projects reaching FID in 2019, including the recently announced LNG Canada project we see the potential for up to 100 million tons per annum of new capacity to be sanctioned by the end of 2019. Irrespective of commodity prices, we remain focused on gaining market share with our technology and our innovative solutions, running the company better to increase margin rates, and improving cash generation. Let me share some highlights of the year and the fourth quarter specifically with you. In Oilfield Services, gaining share and being closer to our customers was our foremost objective in 2018. I've spent a lot of time meeting with customers around the world. I've been struck by how receptive our customer base is to our solutions and our value proposition. They want Baker Hughes as a strong partner and solutions provider. Throughout the year, we secured important wins like Marjan in Saudi Arabia, Equinor in Norway, Qatar Petroleum, and Kinder Morgan in the Permian. Our North American OFS business grew 17% in 2018 versus rig count growth of 13%. Internationally we saw revenue growth of 9% versus rig count growth of 4% for the year. Starting with international. In the fourth quarter, we were awarded a large well services contract in Saudi Arabia for conventional fields where we will provide a comprehensive solution. By integrating our products, services, and capabilities, into a single offering, we will help Saudi Aramco reduce time, costs, and complexity, while increasing efficiency. We secured a number of long-term artificial lift contracts in Oman and Iraq. These wins reinforce our position as the leading artificial lift provider in the Middle East. In Latin America, BHGE signed a four-year contract to provide drilling services, best, fluid, cementing, and completion solutions to a key customer in Colombia. Through this award, BHGE will have a direct involvement in major drilling campaign including the ability to introduce new technologies as well as support conventional operations. In North America, our leading drilling portfolio continues to set records. In the fourth quarter, we helped customers such as Range Resources and Eclipse Resources set new drilling records in the North East with our leading technology. We continue to demonstrate our ability to deliver world-class results on a consistent and sustainable basis. Our contract wins, continued technology advancements, and record setting performance demonstrate the strength of our OFS portfolio. Improving margin rates and running the business better was another critical objective for 2018. In the fourth quarter, our OFS business delivered a margin rate of 7.3%, a 360 basis point improvement year-over-year. Expanding our OFS margins remains a top priority for the team. We are focused on improving service delivery costs, managing our assets more efficiently to drive high utilization and improving our product cost. In oilfield equipment, we saw strong orders in the fourth quarter rounding out a solid 2018. As you know, our core focus in the year was to rebuild the backlog and set the business up to success in the future. We executed very well on this plan. We won a number of critical awards through the year including Gorgon, Shwe, and at the beginning of the fourth quarter ONGC 98/2. This award which includes 34 trees represents the single largest subsea contract ever awarded by ONGC. We were also awarded four trees in the North Sea by a major international customer as we built on our success with tieback projects in the region. We were awarded a total of 77 trees in 2018, the highest total in three years. The fourth quarter was the second quarter in 2018 that OFE saw orders over a $1 billion bringing total orders for the year over $3 billion for the first time since 2015. Our book-to-bill ratio for the quarter was 1.4 and our book-to-bill ratio for the full-year of 2018 was 1.2. As mentioned previously, in the fourth quarter, we launched Subsea Connect. Over a 190 customers attended our launch event in Houston, and we have seen a lot of momentum in the last two months from customers and partners. Subsea Connect improved the economics of offshore projects and has the potential to unlock an additional 16 billion barrels of oil reserves globally. We are especially excited about on new Aptara TOTEX-lite subsea system, it incorporates lightweight modular technologies designed to cut the total cost of ownership in half. We see Subsea Connect as a evolution of our BHGE portfolio and a clear path to strengthening our competitive position in the subsea space. In Turbomachinery & Process Solutions, 2018 brought about the re-emergence of the LNG market. We saw the first new project sanctioned in North America in several years with Corpus Christi Train 3 and LNG Canada moving forward. In the fourth quarter, we secured the awards to provide modular Turbo compressor technology for LNG Canada's liquefaction plant in Kitimat British Columbia. This is the largest LNG project to achieve a positive FID globally since 2014 and the first large scale LNG project to use modular liquefaction trains. It is expected to deliver up to 14 million tons per annum of LNG with a potential to expand to four trains in the future. Our LMS100 aeroderivative gas turbine was selected to maximize efficiency and lower the carbon footprint of the project, a critical element of the final investment decision. Also in December, Novatek selected BHGE's LM9000 driver technology for its Arctic 2 LNG project. The agreement includes the supply of gas turbine compressors and generated for three 6.6 million tons per annum liquefaction trains and positions us very well for future expansion. This is the first project to utilize our world-class LM9000 technology. With the ability to start in a fully pressurized condition and 24-hour engine swap capability, the LM9000 can reach over 99% availability for best-in-class total cost of ownership. The expected acceleration of LNG project sanctioning is good news for BHGE and our teams are working closely with our customers to meet their scheduling requirements. Given the acceleration, we are ramping up our efforts to meet customer needs for project engineering, configuration, and testing. While this ramp up will have an impact on our 2019 results, the underlying market drivers are extremely positive for our Turbomachinery segment as we continue to secure major projects awards. Outside of LNG, pipeline demand in North America continued to grow through 2018, driven by the Permian production growth and associated capacity constraints as well as Western Canada production growth. We secured a number of key contracts throughout the year including an important win in the fourth quarter to provide Turbomachinery equipment for the Coastal GasLink pipeline project gasoline pipeline project in Canada. As we have mentioned in prior quarters, we've been expanding on NovaLT gas turbine product line to serve both traditional oil and gas customers as well as the industrial sector. In the fourth quarter, we won a pipeline award for our NovaLT 12 gas turbine for the Istrana project in Europe. This is the fast time the LT12 will be used for pipeline compression. In addition, we will provide two modular pre-assembled NovaLT16 gas turbine trains for an FPSO in Malaysia. These awards demonstrate the vast facility of our NovaLT family of gas turbines. In 2018, we have made significant progress on the priorities we laid out for TPS. We continue to be at the forefront of technology and solutions for the LNG market. Our service business is seeing signs of recovery and increased activity moving into 2019. We are simplifying the business and gaining traction with our product lines in the lower megawatt range. In Digital Solutions, 2018 was a very strong year for both our software offerings and our measurement and control businesses. Early in 2018, we launched the partnership with Nvidia to use artificial intelligence and advanced computing to help the oil and gas industry reduce operational costs and improve productivity. We also expanded our predictive corrosion management offering through strategic alignments agreements with SGS for joint development and commercialization of our technology. In the fourth quarter, we extended our leadership in Industrial IoT software deployment by securing several awards for asset performance management solutions from downstream customers in North America, Europe, and Latin America. These solutions use data captured from industrial centers to enhance maintenance strategies for reduced asset downtime and drive improvements in reliability and efficiency. Our industrial inspection offerings continue to gain traction in the fourth quarter, with strong growth in the aviation sector in Asia and in the automotive sector in Europe. We had another solid quarter of synergy execution. In 2018 we achieved approximately $800 million of synergies, ahead of our target. Our synergy targets for 2019 remain firmly on track. Lastly, in the fourth quarter, we announced a number of commercial agreements with GE that position our company for the future. The agreements focus on the areas where we work most closely with GE on developing leading technology and executing for customers. First, we define the parameters for longtime collaboration and partnership with GE on critical rotating equipment technology. Second, for our digital software and technology business, we will maintain the status quo as the exclusive supplier of GE digital oil and gas applications. Finally, we reached agreements on a number of other areas including our controls business, pension, taxes, and intercompany services. At the core of these agreements is our strategy to deliver a differentiated full stream portfolio which we have enhanced through this process. The agreements were finalized considering the eventual full separation from GE and they preserve the important public shareholder protections, we initially agreed. We are very pleased with the resulting agreements and what they mean to BHGE. They maximize value for us and provide certainty and long-term solutions for our customers, employees, and shareholders. In closing, we delivered a strong fourth quarter finishing out a solid 2018 for BHGE. As we look forward to 2019, we are positioning the company to navigate a dynamic macroeconomic environment, while remaining focused on our priorities of share, margins, and cash. Our core mission as a company is unchanged. We will continue to deliver productivity solutions to the oil and gas industry through differentiated technology and innovative commercial models. With that, let me turn the call over to Brian.
Brian Worrell: Thanks, Lorenzo. I will begin with the fourth quarter and 2018 total company results and then move into the segment details. Orders for the quarter were $6.9 billion, up 20% sequentially and up 21% year-over-year. The fourth quarter was our largest orders quarter in three years. We grew orders sequentially in all segments. Oilfield Equipment was up 88%, Turbomachinery up 37%, Digital Solutions up 6%, and Oilfield Services up 1%. The year-over-year growth was driven by equipment orders in our longer cycle businesses which were up 44% versus the fourth quarter of 2017. Overall Oilfield Equipment was up over 100% and Turbomachinery was up 23%. Remaining Performance Obligation or RPO was $21 billion, up $0.2 billion or 1% sequentially. Equipment RPO ended at $5.8 billion, up 6%. Services RPO ended at $15.2 billion down 1%. Year-over-year RPO was flat with equipment up $0.4 billion offset by services. Our book-to-bill ratio in the quarter was 1.1 and our equipment book-to-bill with 1.2. Revenue for the quarter was $6.3 billion, up 11% sequentially. We grew revenue sequentially in all segments. Turbomachinery was up 28%, Oilfield Equipment up 16%, Digital Solutions up 6%, and Oilfield Services up 2%. Year-over-year revenue was up 8% driven by Oilfield Equipment which was up 12%, Oilfield Services up 10% and Turbomachinery machinery up 8%, partially offset by Digital Solutions down 4%. Operating income for the quarter was $382 million which is up 35% sequentially and $493 million year-over-year. Adjusted operating income was $498 million which excludes $116 million of restructuring and other charges. Adjusted operating income was up 32% sequentially and up 75% year-over-year. Our adjusted operating income rate for the quarter was 7.9%, up over 300 basis points year-over-year and 130 basis points sequentially. We continue to make progress on our goal of expanding margin rates. In the fourth quarter, we delivered $31 million of incremental synergies. This brings our total year 2018 synergies to approximately $800 million which is ahead of the plan we laid out at the time of the merger. Approximately $650 million of these synergies are from cost and $150 million are from revenue. Corporate costs were $110 million in the quarter, up 13% sequentially and up 21% year-over-year as a result of higher year-end accruals. Depreciation and amortization for the quarter was $352 million flat sequentially and down 17% year-over-year. Tax expense for the quarter was $173 million. This amount includes $17 million related to the true-up of the expected impact from the U.S. tax reform. As you recall, we had booked our best estimate at the time the legislation was passed and communicated that we could have some minor adjustments to the initial estimate as we worked through the detail. We expect our effective tax rate in the first quarter to be modestly higher than the fourth quarter. As we have stated before, we expect our structural tax rate to be in the mid to low 20s over time. Earnings per share for the quarter were $0.28, up $0.25 sequentially, and $0.21 year-over-year. Included in earnings per share is a $168 million gain related to the previously announced sale of our natural gas solutions business. This gain has been excluded from adjusted earnings per share. Adjusted earnings per share were $0.26, up $0.07 sequentially and $0.11 year-over-year. Free cash flow in the quarter was $876 million which included $111 million of restructuring, legal, and deal-related cash outflows, and $214 million of net capital expenditures. Also included in free cash flow was a $300 million progress payment from ADNOC drilling as we highlighted when we announced the transaction earlier in the quarter. Overall, we are very pleased with the cash performance in the fourth quarter. We continue to improve our working capital processes and optimize our cash operations. Year-over-year we have improved our receivable days by over 15 days, our payable days have increased eight days, and our inventory turns are up 0.5 points. We remain focused on our working capital processes to make sure we continue to deliver on our free cash flow conversion target. We ended the year with $3.7 billion of cash on hand and in a net debt position of $3.4 billion. This is a strong position especially after returning $3.3 billion of cash to shareholders in 2018 through buybacks and dividends. We continue to see our balance sheet as a key strength and differentiator in the cyclical industry. Next on capital allocation, we executed a number of items this quarter in line with the strategy we previously outlined. In November, we completed a secondary offering of $101.2 million BHGE shares owned by GE at an offering price of $23 per share. The offering was significantly oversubscribed and we are very pleased to have executed the transaction against a challenging equity markets backdrop. Concurrent to the secondary offering, we repurchased 65 million shares from GE at the net offering price which completed the 3 billion share repurchase authorization we previously announced in November 2017. The average price for the total buyback program was $26.47 per share. The secondary offering and buy back together reduced GEs ownership stake to approximately 50.4%. Also during the fourth quarter we closed the transaction with ADNOC purchasing 5% of ADNOC drilling for $500 million. As I mentioned during the quarter, we received a down payment from ADNOC drilling to fund our initial working capital requirements. Lastly, we closed the sale of our natural gas solutions business receiving proceeds of approximately $375 million. When I look at the total year, I'm pleased with our 2018 financial results and they reflect our consistent execution on the priorities we set out at the beginning of the year. We booked orders of $23.9 billion, up 10% from 2017. As I said earlier, this was critical for our longer cycle businesses to enable revenue growth for 2019 and beyond. For the total year Oilfield Equipment grew orders by 23% and Turbomachinery grew orders by 12%. Oilfield Equipment's total year book-to-bill ratio was 1.2 and Turbomachinery delivered a book-to-bill of 1.1 in the year. Revenues for the year was $22.9 billion, up 5% from 2017. We grew revenue in our shorter cycle businesses as we focused on growing share and capturing market opportunities. Our Oilfield Service business was up 12% and Digital Solutions was up 3%. Total year adjusted operating income was $1.4 billion, up 62% from 2017. We grew margins by over 220 basis points. Operating income growth was driven by our shorter cycle businesses. Oilfield Services was up 169% and Digital Solutions was up 22% partially offset by our longer cycle business. Overall the results for each of our product companies are closely in line with the framework we outlined at the beginning of the year. Lastly, we generated $1.2 billion of free cash flow in 2018. Despite growing revenue working capital was a source of cash in the year even when excluding the down payment from ADNOC. This is a result of the optimization initiative we have implemented and we expect to continue to see benefits from these process improvements. We spent $537 million on net capital expenditures in 2018 and we will continue to be disciplined in 2019 while investing for growth. We still think that the right CapEx level for our portfolio is up to 5% of revenues. Included in our free cash flow results are approximately $470 million of restructuring, legal, and deal-related cash outflows. As we have outlined, we expect materially lower restructuring-related cash outflows in 2019. As we move through the year we will start to incur some of the cash outflows of the $0.2 billion to $0.3 billion related to the GE separation activities which we outlined in November. Overall given our results in 2018, we feel good about our ability to generate strong free cash flow in 2019. Next I will walk you through the segment results. In Oilfield Services, revenue for the fourth quarter was $3.1 billion, up 2% sequentially. International revenue was up 3% versus the prior quarter driven by strong growth in the Middle East and Asia-Pacific. North America revenue was up 2% sequentially as growth in the Gulf of Mexico offset softness in the onshore markets particularly in Canada. We saw solid sequential growth in drilling services and artificial lift, while revenue in our completions related product lines was lower due to the slowdown in the North America land markets. Operating income was $224 million down 3% sequentially as higher volume was offset by unfavorable product line mix and material cost inflation. Despite the challenges in the market, OFS margins in the fourth quarter were up 360 basis points year-over-year. As Lorenzo mentioned, in the first half of 2019, we expect our well construction product lines to be negatively impacted by activity slowdowns and pricing deterioration in North America. We also expect continued headwinds from inflation and ramp up cost. Our international outlook remains unchanged as we expect the major contract wins in key regions like the Middle East and the North Sea to drive growth into 2019. In the first quarter, we expect these impacts, combined with typical seasonality, to result in a more pronounced sequential decline in revenue and operating income versus prior years. We still expect the first quarter to be up materially versus the first quarter of 2018. For the total year 2019, we remain constructive and expect sequential improvements in revenues and margins as we move through the year. Next on Oilfield Equipment, orders in the quarter were just over $1 billion up more than 100% year-over-year and this was the second time this year our order intake exceeded $1 billion in the quarter. Our successes in the year demonstrate the strength of our OFE products and the variety of commercial and partnership models, we're able to provide to our customers. In the fourth quarter, OFE equipment orders were up 177% year-over-year driven by wins in our subsea production systems business. OFE's equipment book-to-bill was 1.7 in the quarter. Service orders were up 6% versus last year driven by increased activity in the rig drilling systems and flexible pipe businesses. Revenue was $729 million, up 12% versus the prior year driven by increased volume in subsea production systems, continued growth in our surface pressure control business, and modest improvements in rig drilling systems, partially offset by lower revenues in flexible pipes. Operating income was $12 million in the quarter, up $13 million year-over-year driven by the increased volume and better cost absorption in subsea production systems. In 2018, our OFE business showed improvement in the second half of the year. Looking forward to 2019, we expect the business to benefit from the higher revenue in FTS partially offset by lower volume in flexible pipe systems. In the first quarter, we expect the OFE business to be slightly better than the first quarter of 2018. Moving to Turbomachinery, the team delivered a strong quarter in the fourth quarter. Orders in the quarter were $2.1 billion, up 23% versus the prior year driven by strong order intake across both equipment and services. Equipment orders were up 52% driven by LNG and our equipment book-to-bill was 1.4. Service orders were up 2% driven by contractual services which were up 24% as well as higher upgrades. Revenue for the quarter was $1.8 billion, up 8% year-over-year and the highest in two years. The growth was driven by stronger services which were up 14% with both higher transactional and contractual service revenue as we converted on our strong 2018 order intake. Equipment revenue in the quarter was flat. Operating income for Turbomachinery was $257 million, up 64% year-over-year. The TPS margin rate in the quarter was 14.4%, up 490 basis points year-over-year. The increase in margin was driven primarily by higher volume, better mix, and productivity. Our outlook for TPS improved as we progress through 2018. As Lorenzo mentioned, we are expecting significantly more LNG FIDs in 2019. As a result we are accelerating technology, engineering, and growth investments to meet our customer demand. We expect to spend an additional $75 million to $100 million on these investments in 2019, as we validate and test our latest technologies for example the LM9000 solution. We are confident that these actions will strengthen our leadership position through this cycle and going forward. Specifically in the first quarter, we see revenues and margins roughly flat year-over-year as better margins in the core business are offset by higher spend on LNG application. Similar to the dynamics in our Turbomachinery business in 2018, we expect the second half of 2019 to be significantly stronger than the first half. Next on Digital Solutions, we finished a strong 2018 with another quarter of solid execution. Orders for the quarter were $668 million down 4% year-over-year. Softness in the power end market impacted our controls business in line with what we had communicated previously. Regionally we saw growth in Asia as our automotive and consumer electronics businesses continue to gain traction. Revenue for the quarter was $691 million, down 4% year-over-year driven by the power market dynamics which more than offset growth in our measurement and sensing and Industrial IoT software product lines. Operating income was $115 million, down 3% year-over-year driven by lower volume. For the total year, operating income was $390 million, up 22% year-over-year driven by cost productivity and strong execution in our pipeline and process solutions business. As we move into 2019, we expect the power end market to remain soft and for our other end markets to continue to grow. Specifically for the first quarter, we expect the business to be roughly flat year-over-year. With that Lorenzo, I will turn it back over to you.
Lorenzo Simonelli: Thanks, Brian. We are pleased with our 2018 results. Despite the recent commodity price volatility, BHGE is well positioned to capture the benefits of a growing LNG market and a resilient international market, while navigating the challenges in North America. Our priorities remain unchanged. We are focused on executing to deliver on our commitments on share, margins, and cash. Phil, now, over to you for questions.
Phil Mueller: Thanks. Scott Daniel, let's open the call for questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions]. Our first question comes from James West with Evercore ISI. Your line is now open.
James West: Lorenzo, clearly you demonstrated the strength of the portfolio this quarter and what was a choppy environment in North America but solid EPS, solid orders, solid cash flow. I have recognized that you guys just wrapped up your Annual Event in Florence with I think the top 1,500 or so clients of Baker. What are they telling you about what we see as the three kind of major themes that are developing this cycle and that's the international growth, the rebirth of the offshore markets, and then of course the one you have highlighted several times but the LNG markets, I'm curious to get that real time feedback?
Lorenzo Simonelli: Yes, thanks, James, and we're pleased with the way 2018 panned out. And as you said the Annual Meeting in Florence we got 1,500 of our customers there. We had a theme about energy forward and we had an opportunity really to focus on the new technologies and the products that we're providing our customers. I would say the key things that came out were customers are still talking a lot about productivity, about needing to focus on making ourselves as productive as possible, a lot of focus on the new technology. As you look at the market, North America definitely more challenging. We saw that happen during the course of the fourth quarter and we'll see that continue in the first half of 2019. International we had a more conservative view than others and that remains unchanged. We see still good opportunities and momentum in the Middle East as well as the North Sea. And on the offshore, we remain relatively unchanged expecting about 300 trees in 2019 and we've got to see how that pans out with some of the customers with their capital budgets that they're finalizing. But as you point out the one area where there's a lot of activity is LNG. And we've seen an increased interest and also an opportunity for up to 100 million tons per annum to be sanctioned by year-end 2019, including LNG Canada. So it was the great conference and really good to be with the customers.
James West: Great. And just maybe just a follow-up on the LNG side, so 100 million tons sanctioned likely this year. What's your bouquet scenario as we look out over the next two, three years because looking our numbers we could get to probably 250 million, 300 million tons over the next couple of years, how are you guys thinking about that playing out?
Lorenzo Simonelli: So James we really look at it from an aspect of the longer-term growth and if you look out to 2030, there is an expectation of about 550 million tons per annum. We see about 5% CAGR growth from now until 2030 driven by power generation and really consumption in some of the emerging markets, India, China. The project sanctioning hard to tell how it will evolve in all cases, again there is a lot of activity in 2019 that's why we've increased our view to the potential sanctioning of 100 million tons and then we will see the step function as it happens going forward towards that 550.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Jud Bailey with Wells Fargo. Your line is now open.
Jud Bailey: Thanks, good morning. I wanted to follow-up on, on the TPS commentary obviously pretty positive improvement and sentiment there, 100 million in TPA this year. Can you Brian or Lorenzo help us think about that would obviously imply a pretty substantial increase in TPS orders this year, I don't know if you can help us think about the ramifications of that for the TPS business and perhaps the timing of those orders, is it more back-end loaded, is it more evenly distributed? And then how would we think about margins in that environment. I think Brian previously you talked about an exit rate in the mid-teens; does this change that at all and helping us balance that against the incremental investment a lot of questions in there but if you could help us think about how you're thinking about TPS in light of the stronger order outlook?
Lorenzo Simonelli: Yes, Jud let's break it down and clearly we are seeing the LNG market be stronger and so. What we're doing is clearly finishing off our products and getting the substations in place, we've got great capacity there and we're aligned with our customers in what they need to go forward. We expect TPS revenues to grow and earnings to grow in 2019 similar profile for 2018 for the second half of the year is significantly stronger than the first half.
Brian Worrell: Yes, Jud, I mean basically the -- our general 2019 financial framework for TPS is unchanged. We still expect services to continue to improve both transactional as well as contractual. The team is continuing to drive productivity and we will have some higher revenue come through for LNG that we've already booked partially offset with lower equipment installs as we go through the year. And to put it into perspective the 100 million tons per annum roughly represents MTPA that came to market between 2011 and 2014. So as we've mentioned before we have been protecting our capacity here, so we could deliver on what we saw is an increase in LNG demand here. So it's really about the volume and the pace of how quickly that's coming in and that's really what's driving the incremental investment here. This is basically redeploying as resources into application engineering, getting ready for the customer projects that are coming, more testing, and getting the new products ready for the solutions that we've got to offer. So long-term this is a great investment for BHGE. Overall we feel good about 2019 and the dynamics are generally playing out as we expected but obviously increased volume in LNG and the outlook is much better. And as Lorenzo mentioned, we expect the dynamics to be a stronger second half and I still see the opportunity for the mid-teens margin rate there obviously depending on the cadence of the incremental investment which I would expect to be heavier weighted to the first half, given what we're hearing from customers and when they want FID.
Jud Bailey: Okay, that's helpful. And if I could squeeze in just one follow-up and just a clarification, you talked about the Novatek selecting your technology for Arctic 2 that was not booked though in the fourth quarter, I just want to clarify that's still something that has not been FID officially, correct?
Brian Worrell: That's right that has not been FID yet and is not in our orders number.
Jud Bailey: Okay, just wanted to check, thanks a lot. I'll turn it back.
Brian Worrell: Thanks, Jud.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Bill Herbert with Simmons. Your line is now open.
Bill Herbert: Good morning. Lorenzo, with regard to your outlook, you and your peers are waxing understandably conservative with regard to first half of 2019 for lower 48 and yet WTI is up 25% to 30% from the late December lows and we're up 20% year-to-date hence probably witness the strongest gain in January in 35 to 40 years coupled with that ongoing a significant frac cost deflation collectively that yields better than expected E&P cash flows. Do you think that the industry in light of these developments is waxing too conservative with regard to drilling and completion activities first half or does that pertain to an even stronger set up for second half?
Lorenzo Simonelli: So I think you look at what happened over the course of October to December in 2018 and clearly the markets showed that it continues to be volatile. And within North America, we saw the market reactions, we saw lower volumes and that impacted well construction product lines for us obviously we are not as exposed on the pressure pumping side but we do expect that to continue at least through the first half. As you mentioned there is encouragement relative to the second half and we'll see how that pans out we're staying close to our customers but second half could be better, let's wait and see.
Bill Herbert: And can you remind us; you mentioned that your international outlook is largely unchanged, what does that basically mean in terms of an expectation for the growth in E&P capital spending internationally for 2019?
Lorenzo Simonelli: Yes. As we mentioned our outlook for international remains unchanged and if you look at some of the wins that we announced in 2018, a lot of those were international with Equinor on the Norwegian Continental Shelf, Marjan in Saudi, also the Qatar drilling. So we will be seeing growth there from those execution.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Scott Gruber with Citigroup. Your line is now open.
Scott Gruber: So want to stay on in international side of that certainly the international growth in 2018 relative to the rig count growth was impressive, you clearly have taken some share on the international side which is a key initiative of the company post merger. Are you satisfied with where the share will sit once these latest contract wins are fully realized, are you targeting additional share gains and how you've been mentioning the share gains in order to measuring your performance?
Lorenzo Simonelli: Yes, Scott, just on the international side clearly there is a lot of activity in many countries and what we always said was there's an opportunity for they can use to come in and regain some lost territory there. I think we made good progress in 2018. The commercial intensity is there. We've now got dedicated plans by sales person and we've got the accountability that's going to continue in 2019. And I think again you're going to continue to see us having the opportunity to gain share as well as accrete margin within in the OFS business.
Scott Gruber: Great. And just on the margins in OFS, they are little lighter than we expected in 4Q, was that primarily driven by the completion slowdown in the U.S., what was kind of trajectory in the business in the U.S. versus international?
Lorenzo Simonelli: Yes, if you take a look at fourth quarter from a macro standpoint, we are more insulated than others but clearly not immune to what was going on in North America. Activity was lower in completions. So we did see an impact there. But we do expect artificial lift and chemicals to continue to remain strong as they did in the fourth quarter. One thing in the fourth quarter that we saw is pricing was softer in North America than we had expected and we did see -- we did see that come through a bit. But revenue was up 2% in EMEA and international was up 3%. Within North America, we did see the impact come through on the profit line of the completions mix. Additionally in OFS, we did have some lower international pressure pumping utilization and that obviously has an impact on margin rates. So some market dynamics there that were giving us some pressure. We did see more synergies come through, so I was very happy with how Maria Claudia and the team executed on taking cost out of the business but we did see some higher inflation come through on the material side. And remember we talked about it at the end of the third quarter on the call that we did have some higher ramp up costs associated with those large international wins as we positioned resources to start executing on those. So we'll still have some of those ramp costs come through but obviously you'll start to see margin come through on those later in 2019.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from David Anderson with Barclays. Your line is now open.
David Anderson: Hi good morning. I was just going to take on the same subject on the OFS but maybe dig down a level, could you just kind of talk about the artificial lift market, sort of looking at international versus North America perhaps you could at least first just give us a sense of the size of the two business NAM versus international. And then kind of talk about the dynamics you see a bit seemed like North America is going to get a -- has been getting a lot more competitive on that front yet on the international side you've talked about a number of wins over there, we don't really hear about artificial lift being used, I think it's still pretty new maybe talk about the opportunities for the number of wells that could be addressed internationally? Thanks.
Lorenzo Simonelli: So, Dave, just clearly the artificial lift market is very precedent in North America. We do see it increasing also internationally expense be around 50:50. If you look at North America we're not as impacted in the as the pressure pumping and also the completion side. We think will be relatively stable as we go into 2019 and we are seeing internationally the opportunity to take some of our new capability especially in ESPs and some of the new wells.
David Anderson: And if I could dig maybe certainly different subject on the TPS side, LNG gets obviously all the headlines in there. You also talked about a number of pipeline projects, can you talk about that part of as kind of non-LNG part of the business, I mean how should we think about the prospects for those, can you talk about some of those end markets, do you see more of these pipeline projects? And secondarily is this lower technology equipment, I would assume it would be versus LNG and how did the margins kind of, do we think about the margins a little bit?
Lorenzo Simonelli: Yes, thanks. So the pipeline clearly is opportunity for us. We've got a strong presence that historically and we see actually the opportunity growing. There's a number of new pipelines that are going to be required across the globe. You've seen some of the activity in North America also some of the discussions in Latin America and across Europe. If you look at the technology we've got a great new Turbine line of the NovaLT which is amply which applies to the pipelines as well as PGC25 and so we got a very good presence. It is slightly lower margin than the LNG space but we see this as being one of our core strengths.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Sean Meakim with JPMorgan. Your line is now open.
Sean Meakim: Thanks. I appreciate all the commentary on TPS and the moving pieces within the P&L, also you can maybe also help us think through the impact of cash flow in 2019, just thinking about contract cash advances as some of these projects start to come in, what that conversion cycle may look like in this environment versus prior cycles just trying to think about how that all will -- how TPS ultimately impact cash flow in 2019?
Brian Worrell: Yes, Sean, if you think about it in this cycle what you will have specifically as it relates to LNG, we typically have down payments that come in for the large projects, we do start to spend some money as we execute on those projects. So I would actually expect in this cycle with the down payment that we're getting and the money that we would spend to be relatively neutral to slightly positive. But I look at TPS overall, I would expect them to have a strong free cash flow year next year given the dynamics that we talked about with the services growth that we're anticipating with some of the conversions with the orders that we booked this year on the equipment side so relatively, relatively positive. And for cash flow in general for 2019, we will benefit overall from higher net income coming through at the DHC level. Do expect our working capital metrics to continue to improve but we will have revenue growth there but again processes, I think are getting much better, lower restructuring cash outflows as well but we may have some of that, we will have some of the $200 million to $300 million we talked about from the GE separation cost coming through and we'll continue to invest up to 5% of our revenues in CapEx. So we've been disciplined about investments this year. We'll continue to be disciplined there, but I think overall the backdrop with the operating process improvements that we've made and seen that come through in our working capital metrics as well as what we're seeing specifically in Turbomachinery we feel good about our ability to generate strong free cash flow in 2019.
Sean Meakim: Thanks, Brian. I appreciate that. That's really helpful with respect to the cash flow and then just know the comments from GE on their call earlier were consistent with prior comments and orderly exit over time, as you think about your stock and using that as a being a good source of cash today, how do you think about, is there a way to kind of marry perhaps share repurchase alongside GEs desire press over time to again -- to exit its position in BHGE, just curious how you think about your own stock as a use of cash as free cash flow improves and then within the broader context of GE's long- term goals?
Lorenzo Simonelli: Yes, Sean, just maybe to take it back on the macro side, our capital allocation isn't changing and again GE has indicated that they will be exiting from BHG. We've always run BHG as a strong independent public company and we'll continue to do that. We started the separation with the actions that we've taken in November 18 and their ownership is down to 50.4%. As we look at our capital allocation though again we think we've got a good strong balance sheet and we'll continue to review it as we go forward but we like where we are.
Brian Worrell: So guys I think Sean a couple of things there. We do remain committed to returning 40% to 50% of our net income to shareholders over time and there are obviously different ways that we can do that. We do like our current credit rating and the strength of the balance sheet especially with the volatility in this marketplace. So we think that it's strength, but we've got a lot of opportunity here with this free cash flow profile with how we've outlined our capital allocation priorities. So I think you should expect us to be prudent and take a step back and look at what's best for our stockholders here in terms of capital allocation and we certainly consider what GE sell down means for that and take that into consideration.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from James Wicklund with Credit Suisse. Your line is now open.
James Wicklund: Good morning, guys. If I could drill down a little bit from a different perspective you guys there's been a great deal of commentary around lumpsum contracts that have been bid and awarded particularly in the Middle East just to the industry over the last year and Middle East is one of the two areas along with U.S. where you are working hard to regain market share. We already talked about and Gruber mentioned it, you do this on revenue but you missed this on margins, you mentioned big awards in the Mace in Latin America in all the cities, what percentage of these awards were lumpsum turnkey projects and is that the beginning of the impact of Baker winning some of these highly competitive bids, is this going to be accretive to current margins? And finally if these projects are just really now ramping up, what kind of drag on OF margins could they be through 2019 and 2020 because these things have duration, could you just talk about those aspects of the business?
Lorenzo Simonelli: Yes, Jim. Just maybe clearly there is a lot in that question. And as you look at some of the comments we've had in the past, there is LSPK models that have been around for a long time. We really havent participated much in the LSPKs and our wins that we have done are from new commercial innovation and working closely with the customers. If you look at the Marjan fields in Saudi Arabia, you look at also the ADNOC drilling transaction, it's ways in which we come with a new proposition and been able to use the breadth of our portfolio and the capabilities we have in the field. And we feel good about the ramp up that's in place again it doesn't change our full capital allocation and framework of CapEx for the total year and we feel confident that we will continue to be successful.
Brian Worrell: Yes, Jim, and what I would say is if we look at some of these costs that we talked about there really ramp up cost is we have won new business where we didn't have resources in place and needed to redeploy both people and assets there, so that's the type of cost, we're talking about. I'd say in general though we have looked at the book of business that we have in the international markets what we think we're going to win and all that is baked into the framework that we talked to you about in terms of how we think about OFS margins progressing during the year. So we've certainly considered that in our framework and I think you'll see that we've been pretty disciplined in what we've been going after and the pricing that we've been putting forward in international markets and we will continue to do that.
James Wicklund: So these kinds of projects are going to be ones where you can upsell on technology through the course of the project and then possibly even improve margins versus where they start, right?
Brian Worrell: Yes, we talked about it in terms of the traditional LSPK. We need to be aligned with the customers, we talk to customers about alignment, if they win, we win and the models that Lorenzo talked about are structured in such a way that if we perform and help them beat performance expectations, we get upside from that as well. So we're trying to completely align with the customers in what they need to generate more profitability and better productivity and we're structuring our contracts in a way that help us getting some of that upside.
Operator: Thank you. And ladies and gentlemen, that concludes our question-and-answer session for today's call. I would now like to turn the call back over to Lorenzo Simonelli for any further remarks.
Lorenzo Simonelli: Thanks a lot and thanks for joining us today. We're excited about 2019 and the future of our company. We did just wrap up our Annual Customer Meeting, lots of outstanding feedback from our customers and one of the items that was top of mind for the customers is really the climate change and also how they get ready for the environmental carbon footprints and I did want to point out that we're very conscious of that at BHGE. We've got a whole new brand of products that have been released the focus also on emissions, the carbon footprint and it's aligned with our customers, it is a great business case around it and we also announced that BHGE is committed to reduce its carbon footprint by 50% by 2030 and up to a net zero by 2050. We think this is important for the industry and again it aligns with our customers, it makes good business sense and again we're going to keep on driving the energy forward motto as we compete in the industry. Thanks a lot and look forward to speaking to you soon.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in today's conference. This concludes todays program and you may all disconnect. Everyone have a wonderful day.

===== 2018 Q3  (2018-10-30 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Baker Hughes A GE company Third Quarter 2018 Earnings Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions will follow at that time. [Operator Instructions] And as a reminder, this conference call is being recorded. I would now like to introduce your host for today's conference, Mr. Phil Mueller, Vice President of Investor Relations. Sir, you may begin.
Phil Mueller: Thank you, Nicole. Good morning everyone and welcome to the Baker Hughes, A GE Company third quarter 2018 earnings conference call. Here with me today are our Chairman and CEO, Lorenzo Simonelli; and our CFO, Brian Worrell. Today's presentation and the earnings release that was issued earlier today can be found on our website at bhge.com. As a reminder, during the course of this conference call, we will provide predictions, forecasts, and other forward-looking statements. Although they reflect our current expectations, these statements are not guarantees of future performance and involve a number of risks and assumptions. Please review our SEC filings for a discussion of some of the factors that could cause actual results to differ materially. As you know, reconciliations of operating income and other non-GAAP to GAAP measures can be found in our earnings release and on our website at bhge.com under the Investor Relations section. With that, I will turn the call over to Lorenzo.
Lorenzo Simonelli: Thank you, Phil. Good morning everyone and thanks for joining us. On the call today, I will give a brief overview of our third quarter results. I will then share some perspectives on market dynamics and highlights some of our key achievements in the quarter as we are building out our market leading product companies. We are now in the second year of our journey as BHG, we are operating the company better and we are driving change in the industry with our differentiated portfolio. We are focused on commercial innovation, outcome based models and leading technology. Today, I will provide few exciting examples of our outcome based solutions. The product is a new approach to integrated well construction in oilfield services that will provide significant productivity across the value chain. The second is a new philosophy for offshore development, which introduces new technology and a productivity based approach to subsea deepwater projects. Brian will then review our financial results in more detail before we open the call for questions. In the third quarter, we delivered $5.7 billion in orders and $5.7 billion in revenue. Adjusted operating income in the quarter was $377 million. We are seeing continued improvements in our shorter cycle businesses and the outlook for our longer cycle businesses is improving. Free cash flow in the quarter was $146 million. Earnings per share for the quarter were $0.03 and adjusted EPS was $0.19. Now I would like to take a few moments to share our view on the markets. We are encouraged by the improved outlook on the macro environment. Overall, the North American market continues to be resilient. Drilling related activity remains stable, which bodes well for our portfolio. We see softness in frac-related completions activity as the North American pressure pumping market weakens into the fourth quarter. Outside of our minority investment and BJ services, we are not materially impacted by the current challenges in the North American pressure pumping markets. The international markets are improving and we expect them to remain strong in 2019 as customers increase spending and activity levels. In the Middle East, despite some geopolitical risk, we expect activity to continue to grow into 2019, driven by the United Arab Emirates, Saudi Arabia and Iraq. The offshore market is the strongest spin in many is years. Although it will remain well below prior cycle peaks, the improving tender and order activity is an encouraging sign as we look out to 2019 and beyond. While the offshore market remains competitive, our technology and flexible partnership approach are proving to be successful with customers. LNG continues to be the primary transition fuel for a number of large economies in the world. We conservatively estimated our total of 65 million tons per annum to be sanctioned by 2020. Global energy demand has remained robust through 2018. Chinese imports were up 30% and South Korea and India have both grown over 6% year-over-year. Given the strong global demand growth and current landed agents spot prices over $10 for million BTU. We are seeing more confidence from our customers to move ahead with their projects. Earlier this month, we showed a first major final investment decision since 2015 with LNG Canada sanctioning two trains totaling 14 million tons per annum. As we have previously stated, we believe this is just the start of a new significant build cycle for which our portfolio is well positioned. With that let me share some highlights of the third quarter. In Oilfield Services, the dynamics and challenges of well construction are changing. Our leadership position in well construction is driven by technology. The next level of productivity will be unlocked by higher automation and advances in remote operations. It will be enabled by sophisticated data analytics as well as innovative models that focus on partnerships and collaboration. The negative competencies innovative model is our partnership with ADNOC. Earlier in October, we announced the strategic partnership with ADNOC where we will acquire a 5% equity stake in ADNOC drilling for $500 million. We will significantly increase our presence in the United Arab Emirates and we will be the exclusive supplier for a number of drilling and well construction capabilities across ADNOCs conventional and unconventional hydrocarbon resources. This unprecedented strategic partnership accomplishes several things. First, the partnership will improve drilling efficiencies, service levels and outcomes while strengthening our relationship for the long-term. Our and our customers incentives are fully aligned and focused on better and higher returns. Second, this agreement is fully aligned with our priority to gain share in the Middle-East and will drive incremental revenue over the coming years. Third, BHGE will generate attractive returns through a $0.07 on our original investment. We will also receive a significant down payment from ADNOC drilling this quarter to fund capital need as we ramp-up activity. I'm very pleased with our teams ability to execute this deal and its strategic and financial framework. Separate from this transaction, we continue to differentiate with our outstanding technology and are leveraging our unique capabilities to gain share. We have some key wins in the third quarter like the Qatar Petroleum Integrated Drilling Award and the Marjan Field in Saudi Arabia. The Middle-East remains a key focus area for us. As I mentioned earlier, our well construction leadership in oil field services is driven by technology. Specifically in our drilling services product line. We are the global leader in the unconventional space and continues to set records in critical markets. As an example, in the third quarter, we drove the world record of over 9,000 feet in a 24 hour period. We utilized our remote monitoring capabilities to ensure the world-class data and the target term are 100% at the time. We reduced the customers drilling cost by 35%. Over the last three years BHGE has drilled over a mile a day in more than 200 wells in the Marcellus and Utica demonstrating our ability to deliver world-class results on a consistent and sustainable basis. In the Permian, we have seen a growing use of our rotary steerable due to increasing well complexity and a more challenging drilling operations. Our RSS activity has grown over 100% in the Permian over the last year. In the third quarter, we partnered with ConocoPhillips to improve drilling performance on one of their assets. We feel the fast wells 50% sponsored planned with very high accuracy. The strength of our offering is not simply built from having the leading RSS in the market. Our competitive advantage is our integrated system, which includes extended life drill bits, high performance drilling motors and our advanced rotary steerable system. We have more than 1,500 engineers and scientists working together at our drilling services facility in Southern Germany. We have and continue to invest heavily in state of the R&D for mechanical, hydraulic and integrated electronics and have built a leading position in this technology. In also the equipment our outlook is steadily improving. We won our first new-build BOP order since 2014 for a semi-sub with a customer in Asia. This is a small, but encouraging sign that the offshore market is recovering. Earlier this month, we announced the award of 34th [indiscernible] ONGC 98th project. This award represents the single largest subsea contract ever awarded by ONGC. After our success with [indiscernible] and a number of other projects in the first half of the year this is yet another big win for our OFC business and an important step to rebuilding our backlog. The demand outlook is clearly encouraging. Despite this improved outlook, we know our customers are still looking for a better and more sustainable economic model for offshore. The competition from Shell and other sources of energy require higher certainty and lower overall costs to make large capital intensive offshore projects competitive in the long run. The average breakeven costs for unsanctioned depot as well is between $45 to $52 per barrel. While development breakeven costs have come down significantly over the past couple of years, the industry still has more to do. We need to continue to operate sponsor, reduce costs and drive a better sustainable economic model in our offshore. Our customers need it and expect it. We have been working on a new model for subsea, which we call Subsea Connect. It is rooted in our philosophy of bringing differentiated productivity based solutions to the market. We are the only company in the world, who can connect entire subsea systems and support our customers and optimizing not just the initial CapEx spend, but the entire life of wealth cost. We are connecting the core building blocks of our subsea offering with solutions across the DHC portfolio. Reservoir insights, field development and well construction from [OFS] (ph) production handling and power systems from TPS software and sensors from our digital solutions business and EPCI capabilities from our partners. Our subsea connect strategy focused our four key areas, which builds on the breadth of our portfolio and leveraging our partners. The fact there is around independent planning and risk management, which integrates the sub surface, seabed surface and EPCI capabilities. The second focus in on new modular deepwater technology. The third is working across the network of preferred partners to better integrate well construction. That includes sub surface development, STX, FERC, flexible writers, top side compression and power generation. The fourth area incorporates digital tools and advanced analytics to optimize project designs and purchases. The cornerstone of our Subsea Connect strategy is a brand new family of modular products that work together as an integrated subsea system. We have redesigned and reengineered subsea systems to make installation, production and interventions simpler and more efficient dramatically lowering the total cost of ownership. We have developed this family of solutions using three principles. Firstly, products are structured into standard components in subassemblies that can be configured depending on a individual requirements. Secondly, these products are modular and serve as building blocks for the overall system. Thirdly, our offerings are lighter and have a dramatically smaller footprint. We have applied these principles across the broad spectrum of offering and developed powerful new technology that is unique in the marketplace today. Our new light weight compact tree is 60% lighter than its previous version, it uses unique tree caps which can be configured to suite changing requirements. These tree caps eliminate the needs for multiple connections and significantly reduce manufacturing and installation cost for us and for our customers. Our new compact block manifold addresses the industries need for modular pre-engineered manifolds that use off the shelf components. Reducing cycle time, cost and footprint. For the most common configuration the manifold will be made to order with zero product engineering and delivered in 10 months from contract award. Our new modular compact pump is the world's fast subsea multi-base pump without a barrier fluid system, which allows the pump to be configured to different fuel requirements quickly and easily. This ensures better reliability at high risk items such as mechanical steel are not needed and eliminates the need to re-bundle hydraulics during the life of a field. For our composite rises we have significantly reduce 10 [indiscernible] and platform drivers. We have simplified driver configurations and minimize the Subsea infrastructure it reduces complexity and cost materially. Finally our subsea connection system enabled fast and reliable connections between all the elements of the subsea distribution system. It uses the passenger blocking mechanism that needs only one moving part to design on the sea bed. We are looking forward to introducing our Subsea Connect model to our customers and numerous industry experts on November 28 in Houston. Subsea Connect will further strengthen our competitiveness and help our customers to move forward with offshore projects. In Turbomachinery & Process Solutions, we continue to see strength in the LNG market. Our customers are beginning to move forward with new projects to provide new LNG supply from 2022 and beyond. As I previously mentioned earlier this month LNG Canada announce the FID for its LNG plant in Kitimat. In September [TAR] (Ph) Petroleum announced their intent to grow total production capacity to a 110 million ton per annum. Both of these are very positive developments for the LNG market and support our view that new LNG projects would begin to move forward in the second half of 2018. We expect this backdrop to be a key driver of revenue and profits for us in 2019 and beyond. In the first quarter our Austrian production business secured its four FPSO wins of the year. Up from just one FPSO in 2017. This is another sign that offshore spending is residing to more normalized levels. We expect orders and upstream production to ramp up in 2019 as more large projects are sectioned. These orders will start generating revenues in 2020. In North America, pipeline demand continues to grow driven by the Permian production growth and associated capacity constraints as well as Western Canada production growth. We are pleased the winning contract to provide over compressor packages, using our PGT25 Plus aeroderivative gas turbine with dry low emission combustors, at two compression stations in Canada. We continue to see growth opportunities in our pipeline and gas process segment into 2019. Our transactional services business which is driven by our large installed base of on and offshore production units have seen improvement over the course of 2018 as customers begin to replenish the future safety spots. Transactional service orders in the third quarter were up 46% year-over-year, this is a positive sign which we expect to contribute to revenue and margin improvements over the coming quarters. In digital solutions, we continue to gain traction with customers on digital offerings and grow our core - measurement and controls business. In September we were pleased to announce the successful deployment of plant operations advisor. A cloud based advanced analytics solution with DC across all four of their operator production platforms in the gulf of Mexico. This important milestone came after an initial deployment of POA proved that BHDs technology can help prevent unplanned downtime on BPs Atlanta platform. Our POA solution now work across more than 1200 mission critical pieces of equipment analyzing more than 155 million data points per day and delivering insight to the BP of asset performance and maintenance. Our collaborative approach with BP has resulted in a unique set of capabilities and we are excited that they have chosen to deploy POA for a very upstream assets across the globe. We are also driving growth in our core hardware offerings across multiple industries. - GAAP end market continues to gain momentum, specifically in our pipeline inspection business. In the quarter, we saw solid growth and continued to strength our technology offering including launching our partnership with a large pipeline operators to drive greater reliability in pipeline sessions. We were awarded a large contract in our condition and monitoring business at the Bruce Power Plant in Canada. We are also expanding our solutions into the mining segment securing a major contract in Latin America. Our inspection technology offering remain strong with solid growth in the aviation and consumer electronics sectors. In North America, we continue to grow our automotive business with entry sales industrial CT system and portable video borescope passed inspections. Our core mission as a Company is unchanged. We will continue to leverage our differentiated technology and our focus on customers to build market leading product companies and deliver productivity solutions to the oil and gas industry. As I have previously stated, we will focus on core areas over the next 12 months. First, we will utilize our differentiated offerings to catch the benefits of the improving market dynamics in each of our businesses. Our improved commercial processes and renewed focus on our customers will help us to regain market share. Second, we will continue to optimize our internal purchases, operating mechanisms and organizational structures. Third, we will continue to execute on our synergy programs. Four, while much of this has already taken place, we will ensure BHGE is 100% prepared for the eventual separation from GE. These full focus areas are fully aligned with our priorities of growing market share, improving margin and delivering strong free cash flow. With that, let me turn the call over to Brian.
Brian Worrell: Thanks Lorenzo. I will begin with the total Company results and then move into the segment details. Orders for the quarter were $5.7 billion, down 5% sequential and flat year-over-year. These results do not include the ONGC 98/2 order, we announced on October 3rd. Sequentially, the decline was driven by oilfield equipment down 47%, primarily due to orders timing and digital solutions which was down 1%. These declines were partially offset by oilfield services of 5% and Turbomachinery, which is up 4%. Overall, as we head into the fourth quarter, we feel good about our ability to redo backlog especially in our longer cycle equipment businesses. Year-over-year, oilfield services up 10% and Turbomachinery was up 16% offset by oilfield equipment down 27% and digital solutions down 31% as a result of the large digital order we secured in the third quarter of last year did not repeat. Repeating performance obligation ended the quarter at $20.8 billion, which was down 1% sequentially. Equipment RPO ended at $5.4 billion flat versus the second quarter and services RPO ended at $15.3 billion, down 1%. Our book-to-bill ratio in the quarter was one and equipment book-to-bill ratio was also one. Revenue for the quarter was $5.7 million, up 2% sequentially. Revenue growth was driven by oilfield services, which is a 4% and oilfield equipment up 2% partially offset by Turbomachinery, which was flat and digital solution down 1%. Year-over-year revenue was up 7%, driven by oilfield services up12%, digital solutions up 6% and oilfield equipment up 3% partially offset by Turbomachinery, which was down 3%. Operating income for the quarter was $282 million, up $204 sequentially and up $475 million year-over-year. Adjusted operating income was $377 million, which excludes $95 million of restructuring impairment and other charges. Adjusted operating income was up 30% sequentially and up over 120% year-over-year. Our adjusted EBITDA operating income rate for the quarter was 6.7% which was up 340 basis points year-over-year and the 140 basis points sequentially. We do margin rates that were 100 basis points in every segments sequentially. As we had outlined, we are very focused on our goal of expanding margin rate and this quarter demonstrate its continued progress. In the third quarter, we delivered $35 million of incremental synergy. As Lorenzo stated, we are well on track to deliver on our synergy commitments. Corporate cost were $98 million in the quarter flat sequentially and up 11% year-over-year. Depreciation and amortization for the quarter was $353 million, depreciation and amortization was $39 million lower than the second quarter, this was primarily driven by the assets that were set up as the closing of the merger in July last year, which have fully depreciated by the beginning of the third quarter 2018 and therefore did not continue to depreciate in the third quarter. In the quarter, we incurred an $85 million charge related to our [BPA] (Ph) services investments, this non-cash charge about the equity investment in the company to zero on our balance sheet. As a result, we will not be incurring additional charges going forward. We continue to work with the BPA services - to grow their business, capture market opportunity and return to profitability. Cash expense for the quarter was $110 million up $48 million sequentially. Our effective tax rate was 47%, the relatively high tax rate is driven by the fact that we had been in a net loss position in the U.S. for a period of time and therefore - tax affect losses on our U.S. operations. We expect our fourth quarter effective tax rate to be approximately 35%. As a reminder, once we start to generate earnings in the U.S., we will be able to benefit from the U.S. valuation allowances we built up. Longer term continues to expect our structural tax rate to be in the mid to low 20. Earnings per share for the quarter was $0.03 up $0.08 sequentially and $0.34 year-over-year. On an adjusted basis earnings per share were $0.19 up $0.09 sequentially and $0.21 year-over-year. Free cash flow in quarter was a $146 million, which includes a $151 million of restructuring legal settlement and deal related cash outflows as well as $94 million of net capital expenditures. Growth CapEx for the quarter was $242 million. Year-to-date, we have generated $350 million of free cash flow, this includes approximately $360 million of restructuring, legal settlement and deal related cash outflows. These were both brought in-line with the expectations we had at the beginning of the year. While there is more work to do, we feel good about our progress on generating stronger free cash flow and we are on track to achieve our goal of 90% free cash flow conversion overtime. Next, I wanted to give you an update on our recent capital allocation action. There are essentially three significant cash flows which we expect to occur in the fourth quarter as a result of our portfolio actions. As Lorenzo mentioned, we recently announced the strategic partnership agreement with ADNOC where BHGE will purchase a 5% equity stake and ADNOC -. We expect the deal to close this year. We will pay $500 million to ADNOC for the equity stake and then collect the down payments from ADNOC drilling related to working capital departments under the partnership agreement. We also expect to collect $375 million of proceeds from the sale of our natural gas solutions business. Overall, we expect a net impact of these three asset to be cash positive in the fourth quarter. After the announcement in June by GE to pursue an orderly exit of their 62.5% investment in our Company, we evaluated our next steps from a capital allocation standpoint specifically at it pertains to our share purchase program. We decided not to continue with our buyback in the third quarter and to wait until we have more clarity on GE next step before we resume our buyback activity. Also at the beginning of October, we were pleased to see S&P rating affirmation at A minus for our long-term debt and A1 for our short-term debt. S&P highlighted our independent capital and governance structure as well as an expectation of an improving financial outlook for BHGE as key contributing factors to their decision. Next, I will walk you through the segment results. In auto services, the market for our products and services remaining stable, while our takeaway capacity constraints in the U.S. are leading to an increase in drilled but uncompleted well, drilling related activities remain stable. The North America rig count was up 10% in the third quarter, primarily driven by the seasonal Canadian recovery. The U.S. rig count was up 1%. Internationally rig count was up 4%, with increases across Africa, Asia and Latin America. OFS Revenue for the quarter was $3 billion up 4% sequentially. Revenue in North America was up 3% driven primarily by strength in the U.S. both on shore and in the Gulf of Mexico. Internationally, revenue was up 4%, driven by strong growth in Asia-Pacific and the middle east. We saw solid sequential revenue growth in our drilling services, international pressure pumping, completion and artificial lift product line. Operating income was $231 million, up 22% sequentially. Core incremental margins were in-line with our expectations and we continue to execute on our synergy programs. We did benefit from lower depreciation and amortization in the quarter. However, this was partially offset by approximately $20 million of negative foreign exchange impact primarily in Argentina. In the fourth quarter, we expect top-line growth in line with the broader market, we have started to incur modest ramp up cost as we begin to execute on our recent large international project wins, including both the Equinor and the Marjan integrated well services contract. We expect these costs to continue to the first half of 2019. We remain confident in our ability to continue to regain share in critical markets and to improve margin rate. Next on oilfield equipment. Orders in the quarter were $553 million, down 47% sequentially and 27% year-over-year due to the timing of major subsea awards. As I mentioned the ONGC 98/2 award will be recognized in the fourth quarter. Revenue was $631 million, up 3% versus the prior year driven by increased volume in subsea production equipment and continued growth in our surface pressure control business, specifically in North America. This was partially offset by lower revenue and flexible pipe systems due to the timing of certain delivery. Operating income $6 million in the quarter, up $47 million year-over-year driven by increased volume in subsea production system, continued cost out and the non-repeat of the foreign exchange impact in the third quarter of 2017. We expect continued margin improvements into the fourth quarter, driven by higher cost absorption from increased volume. As we progress through 2019, we expect additional volume and margin improvements from our 2018 wins in subsea production systems. This will be partially offset by lower volume and flexible pipe systems. Moving to Turbomachinery, orders for the quarter were $1.6 billion, up 16% year-over-year. The increase in orders was driven primarily by services, which were up 41% partially offset by lower equipment orders down 10%. The continued growth and service orders was driven mainly by transactional services up 46% in the quarter and up 20% year-to-date. A clear sign that activity is beginning to recover. Revenue for the quarter was $1.4 billion, down 2% year-over-year, driven by lower equipment revenues. Service revenue in the quarter was up 9%, primarily driven by higher volume from upgrades. TPS operating income was $132 million, down 2% year-over-year. The decline was mainly driven by lower volume partially offset by favorable mix. The operating income rate was 9.5% flat versus the prior year and 130 basis points, compared to the second quarter. TPS has had a challenging year so far as the business executed through lower margin downstream backlog with limited volumes from segments like LNG and upstream production. Throughout the first nine months of the year, we have seen encouraging signs both from improving backlog mix and increasing service orders. We remain confident in our positive fourth quarter outlook for TPS. Next on digital solutions. Orders for the quarter was $629 million, down 31% year-over-year, primarily driven by the largest digital order we signed last year, which did not repeat. We saw continued momentum in the oil and gas and industrial end market, which drove year-over-year improvement in our pipeline and process solutions measurement and sensing and Bently Nevada product line. Regionally, we saw continued growth in North America and Latin America partially offset by seasonal decline in Europe. Revenue for the quarter was $653 million, up 6% year-over-year. We saw strong growth across most of our product lines with inspection technologies, pipeline and process solutions, measurement and sensing and software all up significantly. Revenues in our controls business were down driven by continued softness in the power end market. Operating income was $106 million, up 38% year-over-year. The growth was driven by volume increases and continued synergy execution in pipeline and process solutions, which more than offset the power market headwinds. Digital solutions has had a very strong year so far with good execution and solid synergy realization. As we have explained previously, the power end market continues to be soft and we expect this to result in less pronounced seasonality than we would ordinarily expect in the fourth quarter. With that Lorenzo, I will turn it back over to you.
Lorenzo Simonelli: Thanks Brian. Our outlook on the market remains positive and we are well positioned to capture the benefits of an improving macro environment across all of our businesses. The BHGEs portfolio is unmatched in the industry. We continue to win the most important projects in the market today by partnering with our customers to address the challenges. Our priorities are unchanged, we are focused on executing to deliver on our commitments on share, margins and cash. Phil, now over to you for questions.
Phil Mueller: Thanks. With that, Nicole, lets open the call for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of James West of Evercore ISI. Your line is now open.
James West: Hey good morning gentlemen. So Lorenzo and Brian, you outlined a lot of significant wins kind of across the portfolio in your prepared remarks and what I wanted to dig into or the one area I wanted to really dig into here is the Middle-East, it's obviously a growth area for the industry, you have the recent ADNOC investment, the MOUs in the Iraq, MOUs in Saudi, the Marjan field win. I mean it seems like you are picking up share kind of across the region, could you maybe touch on that for a minute or two and talk about your strategy and how you guys are progressing there?
Lorenzo Simonelli: Yes James, as you said clearly this is in-line with the strategy we laid out at the beginning of the year and growing our share in the Middle-East and we feel very good about what we did achieve and also the outlook going forward, the Middle-East continues to be an areas of growth. You have highlighted some of the wins, the Marjan field for us important, because it really allows us to be an exclusive provider for drilling services, co-tubing services and also provide drilling fluids engineering services and this allows to be at the start of the development really incumbent in the customer and be able to grow as the field continues to grow. Qatar Petroleum, we have announced obviously a five year drilling services contract to support the offshore and onshore drilling activities and again this is based on the success we have had of drilling wells for the customer performing well and getting the best the outcomes. And we have taken the opportunity to strengthen our partnership in United Arab Emirates with the ADNOC Drilling and this is really favoring the partnership we have already have with ADNOC, it's attractive from a strategic perspective to gain share and the conventional and also the unconventional which are going to be increasing overtime. So we feel very good about what we are seeing in the Middle-East and it's going to be an area of continued growth and focus and I'll let Brian give you a little bit more details on the ADNOC partnership.
Brian Worrell: Yes, James if I take a step back and look at the ADNOC partnership, we are going to invest $500 million of cash for 5% of the equity and in ADNOC Drilling and on that we will get a 7% annual dividend. So good returns from that standpoint. The other things I would say is that given the book of business we see there in the first year plus the 7% return it will be EPS accretive in year one, so solid financial, solid return. It's also structured in a way James that our working capital ramp is partially funded by the partnership and so we will get a payment in the fourth quarter here to help fund that working capital ramp which again furthers the return on this deal when makes it quite attractive. And the other things I really like about this is it gives us partnership with both ADNOC and ADNOC Drilling, obviously ADNOC Drilling is well positioned in UAE and is exclusive provider of drilling services for ADNOC and we are exclusive in key areas of that supply and feel good about the position it gives us into the broader market as Lorenzo mentioned on both unconventional and conventional. The other thing I would just point out to is the deal, we do have a board seat on ADNOC Drilling which further strengthens the partnership there, so like how we are positioning ourselves in UAE and the growth trajectory that the customers outlined there in UAE. And then kind of stepping back on Middle-East more broadly and our strategy, I would say when I was there in September I would say there was overall positive sentiment broadly from customers in the region. So we like how we repositioning ourselves there and feel good about our objectives to continue to gain market share in a way that is going to be you know helping us to continue to generate better returns for shareholders.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Jud Bailey of Wells Fargo. Your line is now open.
Jud Bailey: Thanks. Good morning. A couple of question on TPS. I guess maybe Lorenzo first for you if I could, you made some good commentary on LNG awards and your outlook $65 million in TPA, you already, you really book and LNG came in the fourth quarter. Can you maybe give us a little more detailed thoughts on how you see kind of order cadence progressing and kind of projects around the world. And kind of how that looks over the next couple of years, anymore thoughts that would be appreciated.
Lorenzo Simonelli: Yes Jud, we feel again very positive on the outlook of the LNG market, we have said consistently that in the second half of the year we would start to see final investment decisions. LNG Canada plays a first good step in that direction and also what we show with Corpus Christi. As you know, back in 2014, we did actually get selected for the LNG Canada with our high-efficiency element 100 aeroderivative. So that is a good start and look we are progressing well in the LNG market. If you look overall we expect demand to double to about 500 MTPA by 2030 and as we mentioned there is going to be sectioning of up to 65 million pounds per annum by now 2020. So feel well positioned and LNG is a good robust positioning for us, and I'll let Brian jump in a little bit more on TPS which again continues the theme of improvement as we have stated along and we feel good about that.
Brian Worrell: Yes, LNG is obviously an important part of the TPS story, but when I take a step back and look at some of the key leading indicators that we saw this quarter. I feel really good about where TPS is and where its headed. Overall orders were up 16% versus last year, mainly driven by services which, as I mentioned were up 41%. Equipment orders were down 10% that is mainly on large deals. But you know as you saw, as you mentioned there is a lot of activity in the LNG space and we are well-positioned to capitalize on that. And then within service orders, transactional services, which convert more quickly were up 46% in the quarter and that is 20% year to date and the third quarter service revenue and TPS was up 9% since starting to see some of that come through. We are also executing on the cost up program that we talked about, this will start to yield results in the Q4 and definitely into next year and when I look at all these indicators, it makes me pretty confident about our positioning for the quarter to be able deliver margin growth and as we roll into 2019. And overall for TPS really outlook hasnt changed for 2019 on what we talked about with the cost out, better project mix that we have in the backlog and we see coming to the backlog and the higher outages that will roll to the services portfolio kind of underpinned with that transactional service demand growth that we have seen here this quarter and year-to-date. So feeling good about where we are positioned with TPS.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Dave Anderson of Barclays. Your line is now open.
David Anderson: I was hoping if you can talk a little bit about the opportunities you are seeing offshore development over the next 12 to 18 months. You have had a couple of good wins last few months including the large NGC award, I was wondering if you can perhaps - that award in particular, its one of the larger integrated awards, Im assuming its very competitive. But what put you the position to win this, what did you guys bring to the table and maybe you could also expand about relationship with McDermott, it seems like its not a coincident, you have teamed up with them now several times here?
Brian Worrell: Sure. Dave. And firstly, lets start off with the offshore outlook and also how we see it developing. Clearly, there is an improving sentiment out there, we have got better visibility to commodity price, range bounds and with that also the competitiveness of our offering has increased, which is allowing customers to go forward with final investment decisions. Its not at the height of what we saw back in 2014, but we do see the pipeline of opportunities improving as we go forward. And you have seen some announcements of the Gulf on Phase two, [indiscernible] Phase two and most recently beyond ONGC 98/2. So just to put that into perspective, it is the single largest award that ONGC has made, we do have a partnership structure with both McDermott and L&T. We are going to be providing study full deepwater tree, manifolds, controls connection systems, SPS installation tools, and really its a great result and it does build on the relationship we have had in the past with McDermott. But I would say it also built on the strong relationship we have with ONGC. We have worked with them in the past and we have always said, its important to be flexible in the type of arrangements, we have and alliances we have to meet the customer requirements. And in this case, we are very happy to be with our partners and providing what they need going forward as the productive rates as well. The industry as a whole and offshore continues to be very competitive and clearly there is that element that continues just because there is still some overcapacity out there. So we are focused on really continuing to drive productivity in our portfolio and that is why we launched Subsea Connect really the work that we have done over the last year on developing better products, lighter weight, more cost competitive and that is the offering that we are providing also, and we are continuing to work with.
Lorenzo Simonelli: And Dave, one thing I would say about where we are in subsea in particular, because of the market dynamics that we have talked about and you are all familiar with. Neil and the team has done a great job this year, repositioning our offering and taking quite a bit of costs out of the products, as well as installation costs and as we work with our partners to take the overall cost of these projects down for us to respond to that competitive environment. So we like where we are positioned there, you highlighted McDermott, I like the way the team is positioning to take advantage of what is going on in the market and win there. So look we feel good about the backlog going into 4Q and into 2019 and subsea in particular. If I look at the flexible pipe business in Neils world, while we have continued to make a lot of improvements there as well. Just given where we are in the procurement cycle of the largest customers there. I do expect that piece of the business to be a bit of a headwind next year that will offset some of the positive momentum we are seeing in the subsea production systems face.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Scott Gruber with Citi. Your line is now open.
Scott Gruber: Yes, good morning. Brian you are going on 4Q for oil services, is the trend with the market if I heard you correctly and we have a lot of moving pieces 4Q as you know seasonality and just extended frac holiday year and product sales et cetera. Would you be able to put a range on the 4Q revenue trajectory in oil services for us?
Brian Worrell: Yes. Look we feel pretty constructive about the fourth quarter outlook for OFS, we do expect top-line growth in-line with the broader market and I would say core incremental around our historical rate there, so nothing out of line there. We do expect some increase headwinds though as I mentioned from some ramp-up cost as we start to execute on some of the recent international wins and it's really Equinor and Marjan that Lorenzo talked about earlier and those types of costs are really driven by mobilization cost of the fleet, some increased reactivation cost as we start to put tools in place to be able to start up that activity in the early part of next year and then off course there is some new tool build that we will do here in the quarter as we get ready for executing on those. So look, I would expect those cost to continue a little bit into 2019 and it's just a short-term dynamics there, but feel pretty good about how were positioned from a share standpoint in OFS we have seen positive momentum now for the last few quarters, Maria Claudia and the team are focused on important deals and I think it position the team pretty well to capture the market growth. So overall in-line with the market like I said with core incremental holding and like the outlook we see there.
Lorenzo Simonelli: And Scott just to remind everybody and I think it's important when you talk about the North America market, our exposure to the frac side of things is limited here. We have got go just the minority investment in the BJ service, so we are not materially impacted by some of the challenges you are seeing in the Permian softness outside of some of the impact from completions there.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Bill Herbert of Simmons. Your line is now open.
William Herbert: Hi. Brian, you have already quoted incremental on mining what those are, I think they had been in the vicinity of 25% and again to be clear in light of all - very impressive international contract wins that you guys have Gardner in a very competitive price environment, do you expect to maintain those for the forcible future and well into 2019.
Brian Worrell: Yes Bill. If you take a look at incremental, the present incremental in OFS for the quarter is 38% when you take into account that a favorability coming in from lower depreciation and amortization, but then the un-favorability coming from FX primarily Argentina and adjust to those and where synergies came in OFS incremental are right in-line with where we would expect it about 24%. As I was saying earlier, I dont see the book of business changing our view on what that incremental margin is going to be over the course of the year, next year as I mentioned there are some short-term headwinds with some of the ramp-up cost that we see here on a couple of the large wins, but I generally feel good about those incremental given where we are from synergy execution, knowing that there are some headwinds coming through on commodities and the other cost that we were working. I feel good with that historical rates.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Kurt Hallead of RBC. Your line is now open.
Kurt Hallead: Hi, good morning. You definitely peaked my curiosity on the subsea front with the Subsea Connect. I went through the number of different dynamics that drive the value preposition, I appreciate that. So I'm just kind of wondering as well whether or not you could put that into a context relative to one of your major peers are offering to the market and maybe how Subsea Connect - does it take that and make it even better, does it lower the cost even more. So can you give a relative value prop maybe compared to what one of your major competitors are doing on subsea front.
Lorenzo Simonelli: Yes Kurt. Look I think overall industry has been working towards this as we come through a difficult cycle within the industry there has been a focus by our customers to drive productivity within the offshore and deepwater projects and our offering here is differentiated relative to what we are doing specifically with our trees, our manifold and the integration that we can have across our portfolio. I think what is differentiated is the extent of our portfolio and the reach we have and so what we are offering to our customers is really the capability that we can help them drive the lowest cost per barrel, lowest listing cost and that is what we are focused. Others are doing it in the industry. We have our approach and we feel very good about the positioning of it.
Operator: Thank you and then its all the time you have for question. I would like to hand the call back Lorenzo for any closing remarks.
Lorenzo Simonelli: Thanks and thanks for joining us today. We are excited about the future and remain constructive on our outlook for the industry. We are remaining focused on our priorities of share, margins and cash. Thanks.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen. Thank you for participating in today's conference. That does conclude todays program. You may all disconnect. Everyone have a great day.

===== 2018 Q2  (2018-07-20 09:30:00) =====
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Baker Hughes, a GE company Second Quarter 2018 Earnings Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions will follow at that time. [Operator Instructions] And as a reminder, this conference call is being recorded. I would now like to introduce your host for today's conference, Mr. Phil Mueller, Vice President of Investor Relations. Sir, you may begin.
Phil Mueller: Thank you, Sandra. Good morning everyone and welcome to the Baker Hughes, a GE company second quarter 2018 earnings conference call. Here with me today are our Chairman and CEO, Lorenzo Simonelli; and our CFO, Brian Worrell. Today's presentation and the earnings release that was issued earlier today can be found on our website at bhge.com. As a reminder, during the course of this conference call, we will provide predictions, forecasts, and other forward-looking statements. Although they reflect our current expectations, these statements are not guarantees of future performance and involve a number of risks and assumptions. Please review our SEC filings for a discussion of some of the factors that could cause actual results to differ materially. As you know, reconciliations of operating income and other non-GAAP to GAAP measures can be found in our earnings release and on our website at bhge.com under the Investor Relations section. Similar to prior quarters, all results discussed today are on a combined business basis as if the transaction closed on January 1, 2016. With that, I will turn the call over to Lorenzo.
Lorenzo Simonelli: Thank you, Phil. Good morning everyone and thanks for joining us. On the call today, I will give a brief overview of our second quarter results. Then given that we've just celebrated the one year mark as BHGE, I'll provide a summary of what we've accomplished as a combined company over the past 12 months. I'd then share some perspectives on market dynamics and highlight some of our key achievements in the quarter and how our company is delivering results in the current environment. Brian will then review our financial results in more detail before we open the call for questions. In the second quarter, we delivered $6 billion in orders and $5.5 billion in revenues. Both were in line with our expectations. Adjusted operating income in the quarter was $289 million. We are seeing continued improvement in our Oil Field Services and Digital Solutions businesses, while our longer cycle businesses are positioning for the future. Free cash flow in the quarter was negative $22 million, and included $110 million of restructuring and deal related cash outflows. Earnings per share for the quarter were negative $0.05, and adjusted EPS was $0.10. We remain committed to top- tier shareholder returns. Since closing the deal, we've returned over $2.3 billion to shareholders. Now I'd like to take a few moments to review our progress over the last year as a combined company. Twelve months ago we formed BHGE, a company that spans the oil and gas value chain. For our customers, we leverage leading technology, global scale, and an integrated offering to provide fullstream solutions through the cycle. For our shareholders, we are differentiated investment opportunity with a clear plan to generate synergies and drive shareholder returns. From the outset, we've had three clear priorities. Growing market share, increasing margin rates and delivering strong free cash flow. Over the past year, we have made progress on each of these priorities. To drive share gains, we have revamped our sales processes and incentives, and are equipping our teams with the right tools to win. We are pushing the teams to be closer to our customers and our driving accountability up and down the organization to meet our objectives. We continue to invest in leading technology that will enable our customers to achieve better productivity, and make us more successful commercially. By strengthening our commercial position in the Middle East and North America, we are gaining momentum with key wins in these two critical regions. We have introduced new and innovative commercial models, resulting in a number of fullstream awards like Twinza, Siccar Point, and W&T Offshore that demonstrate the differentiated value of our portfolio, and what it can bring to customers. One of the focus areas for our margin rate improvement priority is to increase profitability in our Oilfield Services segment. Year-over-year OFS margins are up more than 550 basis points. Our focus on synergies is driving significant improvements in this business. Going forward, we expect to increase margin rates as we benefit from an improving market, and work through the remainder of our synergy programs. In 2018, BHGE has already delivered more than $330 million of synergies, and we are well on our way to achieving the $700 million target for the year. On cash flow, we are improving our processes in order to drive best-in-class cash conversion. We ended our factoring program and have enhanced working capital controls. Additionally, we have overhauled incentive structures from the leadership to the commercial teams to align employee outcomes with shareholder value. In the first half, we delivered $204 million of free cash flow, which included $210 million of restructuring and deal related outflows. I'm also proud to say that we have accomplished all that while maintaining a relentless focus on HSE with more than 150 perfect HSE days since closing the deal. I'd like to spend the moment thanking our BHGE employees for their incredible commitment over the past year. This team has put a lot of time, heart and soul into creating the new Baker Hughes, working tirelessly through the integration and executing on our priorities. I'm very proud of the team's achievements over the last year. We know there is more work to do and we remain committed to continuing this journey together. Now I'd like to spend a moment on the market environment. We continue to see positive momentum for our shorter cycle businesses of OFS and Digital Solutions. North American production is growing as operators grow rig and well counts. The US rig count increased 8% in the quarter, while the Canadian spring break up drove overall North America rig count down sequentially. Year-to-date, US onshore operators have added more than 120 rigs. In the Permian, despite current uncertainty around takeaway capacity, the rig count grew 9% versus the first quarter, and operators have added 75 rigs year-to-date. Given our portfolio mix, we do not expect the current uncertainty to impact us materially. Internationally, our outlook remains unchanged. We have seen positive signs in a number of geo markets in the second quarter. Our outlook for the long cycle businesses of OFE and TPS is becoming more constructive. OPEC has announced the balance move implying modest production increases. Overall, we feel that there are encouraging signs that will lead to a more positive environment, where customers can move ahead with larger project final investment decisions. The combination of our short and long cycle businesses positions us well for a balanced growth trajectory that captures near-term upsides, but importantly extends well into the future as the next wave of customer projects comes into view, and as we mature our fullstream model. With that let me share some highlights of the second quarter. In Oilfield Services, we remain committed to gaining share in the key markets and product lines. In the second quarter, we saw strong performance in North Sea, sub-Saharan Africa and Asia Pacific markets. From a product line perspective, completions and artificial lift both showed strong growth. And in North America our drilling services business grew revenues well in excess of rig count. I am particularly pleased with the strong quarter we had in the North Sea, including a number of significant wins with key customers. Equinor awarded BHGE, an integrated well services contract to support a significant portion of Equinor's drilling and well construction activities in the Norwegian continental shelf. BHGE secured the large scope in the award and will be the main drilling and well service provider for the eight rigs developing Troll, Oseberg and Grane - three of the most prolific and active fields in the Norwegian Continental Shelf. BHGE's exceptional performance on the integrated Johan Sverdrup project where we delivered the first eight wells eight months ahead of schedule was a critical factor in the most recent award. We believe this integrated award is at the leading edge commercially and will influence customer behavior in key basins around the world. BHGE was also selected to provide integrated well construction services for a 12 well drilling program for another major operator in North Sea. Both of these awards were based on BHGE's proven track record of driving down costs on integrated projects in the region. As I mentioned, our drilling services product line had a very strong quarter in North America. In the Permian, our drilling services team reduced a number of average drilling days for a key customer by nearly 20%, setting Delaware base and drilling records for both medium and long lateral sections. We were able to displace a competitor and were awarded a 100% of the drilling work on six rigs based on our superior performance and market leading technology. As I stated on our first quarter earnings call, we remain committed to expanding our international presence in our chemicals product line. We had a great win in Upstream Chemicals securing a multi-million dollar contract for flow assurance technology in the sub-Saharan Africa region, displacing a competitor. And in Downstream Chemicals, we were awarded three sole source contracts, capturing market share in both North America and Norway. In our Oilfield Equipment segment, Neil and the team had a very strong quarter commercially. It was one of the largest orders quarter since 2015, winning significant subsea production awards across six different projects. Our book to bill ratio in the quarter was 1.7. We were very pleased to be awarded the subsea equipment contract by Chevron for Phase two of the Gorgon project in offshore Western Australia, one of the largest natural gas projects in the industry today. BHGE will supply 13 subsea trees and other subsea equipment including manifolds, wellhead and production control systems. We were also pleased to be awarded a separate five-year contract to provide well completion equipment and services from our OFS segment. Another significant award in the quarter was for the Shwe gas field, which is a continuation of our successful technical partnership with McDermott. In this highly competitive project, we were awarded the EPC IC scope which covers Cerf an SPS for an eight subsea well development, as well as brownfield modifications to tie back the new subsea facilities to the existing Shwe platform. BHGE will supply the SPS scope including eight medium water horizontal Christmas trees; eight subsea production control systems, distribution equipment and topside controls. These latest contracts are a clear sign of BHGE's leading gas technology and ability to compete and win big projects with a collaborative partnership approach. In our Turbomachinery and Process Solution segment, we remain committed to our strategic priorities. LNG leadership, services capability, growth in the industrial space and cost out. As you know, we operate in five segments within TPS. Upstream production, LNG, pipelines, downstream and industrial. Today, I will focus on the first two which are the largest drivers of the TPS business. Our Upstream production business is one of the key pillars of our TPS segments. We are a leading provider of compression trains for gas gathering, boosting and re injection and power generation equipment for oil and gas production facilities. These solutions are primarily deployed in large conventional oil fields with associated gas both in greenfield projects and brownfield expansions. On and Offshore production represents approximately 30% of TPS equipment revenue through the cycle. It also drives significant portion of our after market services revenue from its global installed base of nearly 3,000 gas turbines and compressors. Approximately 70% of this installed base is onshore with strong presence in the Middle East, Europe and Latin America. Our activity in the Middle East dates back 50 years and this region is a core market for our onshore production business. The offshore business is anchored by long heritage in the North Sea, as well as a strong presence in West Africa and Brazil with FPSOs. The large installed base of on and offshore production units is a key driver of our transactional services business. As we have discussed on prior calls, over the last few years we have seen a significant slowdown in these transactional services as customers run operations with lower safety stock. We continue to believe the current level of spent our unit is unsustainably low and have seen the first signs of activity improving. In the second quarter, we had some key wins in our on and offshore production segment. After having won the compression equipment for the Sepia FPSO in Brazil in the first quarter, this quarter we secured the gas-turbine award for the Mero 1 FPSO, the first in the Libra field. This will be the largest FPSO in the country at 180,000 barrel per day capacity. LNG is an area of strength for us, and we were very pleased to be awarded the Turbomachinery Equipment for the third train at Chenieres LNG facility in Corpus Christi, consisting of six gas turbines and various compressors. This project represents the first FID on new liquefaction capacity in the United States since 2015 and the fifth order for BHGE equipment for Cheniere through Bechtel. This award builds on the unparalleled technology experience and partnership established between Cheniere, Bechtel and BHGE. We were also selected by GLS to provide our LNG technology and services for the Main Pass Energy Hub, currently in development offshore Louisiana. We will work collaboratively with GLS as they continue to work towards final investment decision. This is a very significant milestone for us and further proof that our LM9000 gas turbine is a key technology component to increase power output with a smaller footprint. As I noted earlier, the on an offshore production & LNG segments are the largest drivers for TPS and it is important to understand the respective growth trajectories. Our outlook on LNG remains positive and as additional projects are sanctioned, we expect LNG orders to start to pick up in the second half of 2019 which will drive revenue growth in 2019 and beyond. We expect on an offshore production orders to ramp in 2019 as more large projects are sanctioned and offshore spend returns to more normalized levels, we expect these orders to start generating revenues in 2020. We see these multiple growth trajectories as an advantage for our balanced portfolio. Lastly on TPS, as we discussed previously, we expect $0.2 billion of analyzed cost out by 2019. As you know, we began this process by rationalizing TPS s structure. We are also driving lower products and service costs by looking at everything from product design to manufacturing to installation. We are on track with these cost actions and expect these to materialize and to improve TPS margins in 2019. In our digital Solution segment, we are seeing increased interest from our customers in our sensor inspection and software offerings. We also continue to gain traction with our Predictive Corrosion Management software and recently announced the strategic alliance agreement with SGS for the joint deployment and commercialization of our technology. SGS is the largest player inspection services and provides the visual inspection and non-destructive testing for large industrial assets. This makes SGS a perfect complement to be a BHGE's inspection technologies product line. This alliance will enable us to increase the pace of adoption of predictive corrosion management, not only in oil and gas but also other industrial sectors. Overall, Digital Solutions had a strong first half of the year, delivering 300 basis points of margin expansion during the first six months of 2018. Lastly, in late June, GE announced their intention for a full separation from BHGE in an orderly fashion over the next two to three years. We will continue to work with GE as they evaluate the timing and structure of their exit. Critically, under any scenario we will retain the technology capabilities and infrastructure we need to accomplish what matters most, delivering for our customers and for our shareholders. We are focused on our execution and on achieving the synergies from the merger of our two companies. As I said earlier, our synergy targets remain intact. We had a tremendous amount of progress in our first year as BHGE, and I've seen some great wind from our team, but we know there is more work to be done. Our priority for 2018 remain unchanged, we are focused on growing market share, improving margins and delivering strong free cash flow. With that let me turn the call over to Brian.
Brian Worrell: Thanks Lorenzo. I'll begin with the total company results and then move into the segment details. We delivered another strong commercial quarter with orders of $6 billion, up 9% year-over-year. The growth was driven by our upstream businesses. Oilfield Equipment was up 30% and oilfield services was up 13% partially offset by Turbomachinery down 4% and Digital Solutions down 6%. Quarter-over-quarter orders were up 15% with oilfield equipment up over a 100%. Remaining Performance Obligation or RPO was $20.9 billion, down $0.4 billion or 2% sequentially, driven by the effect of foreign exchange. Equipment RPO ended at $5.5 billion, up 1%. Services RPO ended at $15.4 billion down 3%. Our book-to-bill ratio in the quarter was 1.1. We are very pleased with this result. Both Oilfield Equipment and Turbomachinery had a book-to- bill ratio above one, an important step in rebuilding backlog in our longer cycle businesses. Revenue for the quarter was $5.5 billion, up 3% sequentially driven by our shorter cycle businesses of oilfield services and digital solutions. Oilfield services were up 8% and digital solutions were up 11%, partially offset by oilfield equipment down 7%, and Turbomachinery down 5%. Year-over-year revenue was up 2%, driven by oilfield services up 14% and digital solutions up 7%, partially offset by oilfield equipment down 9% and Turbomachinery down 13%. Operating income for the quarter was $78 million; adjusted operating income was $289 million, which excludes $211 million of restructuring, impairment and other charges. Adjusted operating income was up 27% sequentially and up over a 100% year-over-year. Our adjusted operating income rate for the quarter was 5.2%, compared to the same quarter last year; our adjusted operating income rate is up over 300 basis points. This is a clear indicator that we are making progress on our goal to expand margin rates specifically in oilfield services. There is more work to do and we expect to see further improvements in total company margin rates as our longer cycle businesses return to better activity levels, and we continue to deliver on our synergy plans. In the second quarter, we delivered a $189 million of synergies. The corporate cost was $98 million in the quarter, flat sequentially and down 9% year-over-year. Depreciation and amortization for the quarter was $392 million, as anticipated we finalized the purchase accounting in the second quarter. Next on other non -operating income. We had a credit of $43 million in the quarter. This was primarily driven by a gain on a business sale in our turbomachinery segment which has been excluded from our adjusted earnings per share. Separately this week, we announced that we signed an agreement to sell our natural gas solutions product line. NGS is part of our turbomachinery segment and provides industrial products such as gas meters, chemical injection pumps and electric actuators. The transaction includes the transfer of approximately 500 employees and four manufacturing sites. We expect the deal to close within the second half of 2018. These dispositions are in line with our strategy to further focus the portfolio on core activities. Tax expense for the quarter was $62 million. Loss per share for the quarter was $0.05 on an adjusted basis earnings per share were $0.10. Included in both EPS and adjusted EPS is a negative impact of $34 million from our equity stake in BJ services. The loss in the quarter is mainly attributable to adjustments required to properly reflect equipment repair and reactivation costs and the BJ Services financial statements. BJ Services finalized their 2017 audit in early May this year, and the adjustments were identified as a result of the work the team performed together with their auditor. There is no cash impact to be BHGE and we do not expect further adjustments like this in the future. Free cash flow in the quarter was negative $22 million, which includes a $110 million of restructuring and deal related cash outflows, and a $161 million of net capital expenditures. Working capital for the quarter was negative $116 million, primarily driven by our inventory bill to support revenue growth in the second half of the year. As Lorenzo mentioned in the first half of 2018, we generated $204 million of free cash flow which includes $210 million of restructuring payments. We are focused on optimizing our working capital and we will continue to invest in restructuring spend to the second half of 2018 as we execute on our synergy programs. We remain on track for strong free cash flow conversion in the year. Lastly, we repurchase $500 million of common stock in the quarter consisting of approximately a $187 million of Class A common shares and approximately $313 million of Class B common shares. This brings our total share repurchases since we announced the authorization to $1.5 billion. Next, I will walk you through the segment results. In Oilfield Services, market conditions continue to improve. We saw an 8% sequential increase in the US rig count with solid growth both on and off shore in the second quarter. US completed wells were up 7% showing the first significant signs of a pick up since the fourth quarter of 2017. The Canadian spring breakup throws total North America rig count down 7% sequentially. The international rig count was flat quarter-over-quarter pockets of growth in Africa, the Middle East and Asia Pacific, offset by declines in Latin America and Europe. Revenue for OFS was $2.9 billion, up 8% versus the first quarter of 2018. North America revenue was $1.2 billion, up 7% versus the prior quarter, as drilling services and fluids both substantially outgrew the rig count. Our pressure pumping product line saw significant volume growth in the Gulf of Mexico. Internationally, revenue was $1.7 billion, up 8% sequentially. We saw increases in all regions especially in the North Sea driven by substantial growth in completions and drilling services. The Asia Pac and sub-Saharan Africa geo markets also delivered solid growth, driven by the completions, artificial lift and chemical product lines. Operating income in the quarter was a $189 million, 34% sequentially, driven by our continued progress on synergies, higher volume and better cost productivity across several product lines, partially offset by the non repeat of the one-time benefit from lower depreciation and amortization we recognized in the first quarter. Our outlook for oilfield services remains positive. We expect sequential volume increases in the second half as the market continues to improve. We expect incremental margins on the base business to be in line with historical averages and in addition to benefit from further synergies. However, as we go through the second half of the year, we expect modest offsets for material cost inflation. Next on Oilfield Equipment, orders in the quarter were $1 billion, up 30% year-over-year, the largest OFE orders quarter since the first quarter of 2015. Equipment orders were up 38% year-over-year, driven by wins in our subsea production systems business, which include in Gorgon stage 2 and Shwe project as well as several other important awards specifically in the North Sea. The successes in the quarter are a clear demonstration of the strength of our OFE product offerings and the variety of commercial and partnership models that we are able to offer to our customers. Service orders were up 10% versus last year, driven by increased activity particularly in the North Sea. We expect the orders booked this quarter to start to convert into revenue in 2019. Revenue was $617 million, down 9% versus the prior year. The decline was driven by lower subsea production equipment and rig drilling systems revenue. These declines were partially offset by continued growth in our surface pressure control business, particularly in North America. Operating loss in the quarter was $12 million which was unfavorable year-over-year. The loss was primarily driven by continued volume pressure across the business and lower cost absorption, which were only partially offset by cost out and synergy execution. As we expected, the first half was challenging for our oilfield equipment business with low volume. We expect modest improvements in the second half as more recent projects start to generate revenue. Specifically in the fourth quarter, we expect better margins driven by more cost absorption. We remain confident in our positioning on a number of significant new FIDs that we expect to be awarded in the second half of the year. Moving to Turbomachinery. Our outlook for the business is improving with a more positive macro environment. Orders in the quarter were $1.5 billion, down 4% year-over-year. Equipment orders were down 29% year-over-year, primarily driven by the non repeat of the large SLNG order we booked in Mozambique in the second quarter of last year. Service orders were up 15% versus the prior year, driven mainly by an increase in transactional services. This is a positive sign and we expect some of these orders to convert in the second half of the year. Revenue for the quarter was $1.4 billion, 13% year-over-year. Equipment revenue was down 24%, driven by decreases across all segments specifically in onshore and offshore production. Service revenue was down 4% year-over-year. Operating income for turbomachinery was $113 million, down 7% year-over-year. The decline was driven by lower volume, as well as lower cost productivity. Included in operating income is a one-time charge of $30 million to remediate quality issues specific to one of our long-term equipment projects. We expect to make final shipments which will be a significant amount of revenue on this project in the third quarter. Additionally in the third quarter, we expect improvements from slightly better volume and do not expect a $30 million one-time charge to repeat. In the fourth quarter, we expect significant improvements in our TPS business driven by better equipment mix, higher transactional service revenue and year-end volume growth. We also expect to realize benefits from our cost out program. Next on Digital Solutions. The business had a strong second quarter and continues to see growth in both the oil and gas and the industrial end market. Orders were $637 million, down 6% year-over-year. We saw double-digit growth in both the inspection technologies and measurement and sensing product lines, which was more than offset by declines in Bentley, Nevada and controls. Sequentially, orders were down 2% as a decline in the pipeline and process solutions business more than offset growth in the other product lines. Revenue was $662 million, up 7% year-over-year and 11% sequentially. Revenues grew across most of our products and end market especially in Europe, North America and China. Activity in the power market remained subdued. Revenue growth was also favorably impacted by achieving a significant execution milestone on a large software deal. We don't expect this impact to repeat at the same level in the second half. Operating income was $96 million, up 56% year-over-year and 33% sequentially, driven by better volume, cost productivity and synergy benefits in our pipeline and process solutions business. For the second half of 2018, we expect the industrial and oil and gas in markets to continue to improve and for the power market to remain a headwind. We expect year-over-year growth on volume and margins driven by improved product mix, seasonality and a strong focus on operational performance. With that Lorenzo, I'll turn it back over to you.
Lorenzo Simonelli: Thanks Brian. Our outlook on the market is favorable, and we continue to position the company for further growth and profitability. Over the last 12 months, we have made a tremendous amount of progress and we are excited about the future. Our priorities are unchanged. We are focused on executing to deliver on our commitments on share, margins and cash. Phil, now over to you for questions.
Phil Mueller: Thanks. With that Sondra, let's open the call for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Thank you. Our first question comes from the line of James West with Evercore ISI. Your line is now open.
James West: Hey, good morning, guys. So, Lorenzo it looks like you had a busy quarter hopping around the world signing contracts, this order momentum and the order cadence was very impressive, both in the oilfield services, oilfield equipment business. Is this a cadence that can be kept up for the rest of this year? Are we at that inflection point where we can continue to see the orders continue with this type of pace?
Lorenzo Simonelli: James thanks. And as you said, we had a strong 2Q from an orders perspective, and we're pleased with what each of the business units was able to achieve. And maybe let's break it down into the business units and take it one by one to begin with. If you look at OFS, we feel good about the momentum there and the short cycle activity in North America continuing, so pickup there. If you look at from the OFE perspective, again that's the strongest quarter we've had since 2015 with the announcement of Gorgon and Shwe wins and we feel very good about the improving visibility to projects in the future with the commodity pricing being range bound which is helping our customers decide on the larger FIDs. So as we look at in particular some of the gas oriented projects, we feel good about the positioning we have with the technology in our portfolio both on the OFS side and the OFE side segment. So on the OFE side, feeling good about the long term prospects there. TPS, again, continue to see constructive on the outlook of LNG and feeling good about the prospects there. I went to World Gas Conference and spoke to many of the customers. You've got LNG demand that continues to increase. So when you look overall at the longer cycle businesses of OFE and also TPS, we feel that the projects are going to be coming into play in second half 2018 beginning of 2019 and we feel positive with the outlook there and short cycle continuing to be positive.
James West: Okay, great. And then specific to LNG. I was down there in DC at the gas conference as well, and it would seem to me that we're pulling forward a lot of LNG projects that maybe we're supposed to go in 2019 or 2020, but they seem to be coming on faster. Is that the sense that you're getting, that we're getting a bit of a pull forward here for LNG?
Lorenzo Simonelli: Again, James, you have to look at the overall market demand, and we continue to expect LNG demand to double to about 500 million tons per annum by 2030. So growing at a pace of 4% to 5% more closer to 5% to 4% a year, and based on that growth, yes, you're starting to see a lot of projects being discussed at the World Gas Conference, many of the customers talking about project activity internationally as well as in North America. You saw that we were able to indicate the Chenieres Corpus Christi train free during our quarter, which is the first LNG in North America in some time. So, again, as you look at the activity second half 2018 and 2019, and we think that LNG market is a good outlook.
James West: Great. And then maybe just a final last one for me, a smaller really for Brian probably here on the TPS margin at 8%, but we had a $30 million kind of one-time charge. So we're more like 10%, is that your starting point as we think about some improvement in margin in 3Q and 4Q?
Brian Worrell: Yes. James, you've got the right math there, there's about a two-point drag on margin, so the base business was closer to 10%.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Angeline Sedita with UBS. Your line is now open.
Angeline Sedita: Thanks, good morning, guys. So a little further up to follow up on TPS. So based on your commentary in your prepared remarks on the orders booked on transactional services, do you feel a little bit more optimistic about the revenue outlook for the second half of 2018? I know youre a little light on revenues in Q2, but as your full year revenue and margin outlook changed for TPS?
Brian Worrell: Yes, Ange, no change to the full year revenue and margin outlook for TPS. If you break it down a little bit, we for the last five quarters, we've had positive orders growth in TPS equipment. It was negative this quarter because of that large FLNG order we booked last year in Mozambique. So that's a really good set up for what we have that's going to convert here and the second half of the year we've got good visibility into the equipment backlog, and we see better mix coming through that backlog specifically in the fourth quarter. Also from a top-line perspective, if you remember last year each quarter we had negative orders fees and services. For both the first quarter and the second quarter of this year, weve had positive orders fee and services, and specifically on transactional services, we were up 15% in the second quarter and 8% for the half combined. So those orders will start to convert in the second half and that's also good for margin rates as we go into the second half. The other thing to think about from a margin perspective is Rod and the team have been executing on the cost out that we talked about earlier in the year, so we expect to see that pick up in the fourth quarter, and then with the normal year-end volume ramp that we've experienced in that business that's also good for cost absorption and volume leverage. So no change to the overall year.
Angeline Sedita: Okay, that's perfect. That's what I wanted to hear and then on the sale of NGS for $375 million, maybe you could talk a little bit about the logic behind the transaction? Are there other non core business opportunities for sales? Just the thoughts there.
Lorenzo Simonelli: Yes, Ange, we continue to execute our strategy which includes looking at potential dispositions to further focus on our core activities. If you look at the NGS business it was part of our TPS segment. As you mentioned sale announced earlier this week. That's exactly that. It's a small business unit. There was non core and will do very well with its new owners. The sales anticipated to close in second half and we'll continue to invest in high-growth areas. And as we go through we'll continue to execute this strategy of looking and focusing on what's core.
Operator: Thank you and our next question comes from the line of Jud Bailey with Wells Fargo. Your line is now open.
Jud Bailey: Thanks, good morning. The question from Lorenzo or Brian. Maybe if you could talk a little bit about the big growth in OFS margins. I assume what we've seen so far in the last few quarters has been primarily cost synergies. If you could confirm that and then help us think about as you execute the rest of the cost synergies. Our assumption is still that you see most of in OFS, if that's the case how do we think about OFS margins progressing over the back half of 2018?
Brian Worrell: Yes. Sure, Jud. We are pleased with where we are from a margin standpoint in OFS. It was one of the key tenets of the deal and a key priority as we close the deal and have been executing 550 basis points since the second quarter of last year. And to your point, we have executed a significant amount of synergies and most of them do come through in OFS. Incrementals are still very strong. We deliver 23% in the quarter and that's despite the non repeat of the D&A catch up we had last quarter, so feel good about the core incrementals of the business and you look at history the core incrementals on the base business had been between 20% and 25%. We would expect that to continue and the synergies would be on top of that as we continue to execute on the synergies. Earlier I did mention some modest headwinds around material inflation, that's really limited to a couple places in the business, where we have petrochemicals and oil as an input. And then also in a couple places where we use nickel and steel. So it's not broad-based inflation. It's in a couple of places and don't expect that to be a significant impact. So, look, we are confident in what we laid out in terms of the margin progression in OFS like the way the team under Maria Claudia are performing out in the field, taking cost out and feel good about where we are for the rest of the year.
Jud Bailey: Okay and if I could follow up on that as I kind of take all that in is thinking about OFS margins getting the double digits like 10% or so by the fourth quarter. Is that are still a reasonable expectation if I kind of add all that up?
Brian Worrell: Yes. You put all the synergies that got in with the incremental margins and the volume that comes through. It's certainly reasonable.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Scott Gruber with Citigroup. Your line is now open.
Scott Gruber: Yes, good morning. Lorenzo, I think in the prepared remarks I heard you state that Baker would retain key technology IP post separation from GE. There's been a bit of debate on this in the marketplace. Can you just provide some more color on the key technology, particularly within turbomachinery where Baker holds the IP and those were that IP will be retained by GE and implications for operations post separation for any agreement that's needed with GE?
Lorenzo Simonelli: Yes. Scott, so thanks for the question. I think may be taking a step back and maybe just to bring some history. If you look at what GE actually announced, it's completed its strategic Business Review and confirmed that it's going to separate BHGE over the next two to three years in an orderly fashion. As you know, BHGE has already been operating as an independent company over the last 12 months. So we're prepared and we'll continue to deliver to our customers the technology and all the capability that's required to execute in the oil and gas industry. And there are agreements in place to ensure that there's a seamless separation, and we're going to work with GE as they evaluate the timing and the structure of the separation. In relation to the agreements that we have in place today, they're across the technology and infrastructure and they're on an arm's-length basis already. And I think it's important also to remember when you look at Baker Hughes, as well as GE Oil and Gas, we've been in the industry for many decades, and we have all the capability that's required to execute within BHGE. So BHGE will remain and if today and will remain going forward, the channel for GE technology and specifically for gas turbines and aero derivatives in the oil and gas base. So we're going to continue to work on an arm's length relationship with GE on technology. And we have everything we need within BHGE.
Scott Gruber: Got it. And I wanted to turn to OFS, we heard from Schlumberger, really are the first signs of a kind of an optimistic tone on pricing and pricing momentum building within oil services, and their outlook was for an acceleration of pricing improvement in 2019 given a trend towards full utilization of people and equipment. What are you seeing today within international markets with regard to pricing within oil services? And as you look to deploy people and equipment on newly won tenders' kind of where we'll you sit from a utilization standpoint on labor and equipment heading into next year?
Lorenzo Simonelli: Yes, Scott, we see -- again the international activity, as you know it's different than North America. It is very much contract base or it remains competitive from a pricing perspective. We do see pickup in some of the international markets from a perspective of activity levels. So we think there's going to be some modest opportunities for recovery and improvement there, and again we feel that overall the industry continues to recover as we go into 2019.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Dave Anderson with Barclays. Your line is now open.
Dave Anderson: Hi, good morning. I was just wondering if you can just talk about some of the LNG orders going forward. We saw the Cheniere orders, I'm just kind of curious was that share or a good proxy for the size of equipment orders as we think about it going forward? Is there anything -- I guess I'm asking is there anything unusual about Cheniere that may have less or more equipment or maybe price was a little less. Just trying to get a sense as you guys are going forward how that should compare relative?
Lorenzo Simonelli: Yes. Dave, just on LNG and then firstly on Cheniere, it's a great win for BHGE and it is the first FID in some years here in the United States. It is also the fifth order for similar equipment for Cheniere Energy through Bechtel and BHGE. And I think again it just shows the confidence and also the heritage that we have within the LNG space. I think as you know the size and scale differs from project by project and so it's difficult to just take one and the call it as the same base, but from an average perspective you can look at this as being a good project and a proxy of different types of projects. If you look at LNG going forward, again, we see the trend positive and the overall market demand continuing to be strong. As we've mentioned before, there's going to be an LNG demand that doubles to 500 tons by 2030. And as I referenced some of the customer activity at the World Gas Conference in Washington, internationally as well as domestically here you've got a number of customers that are going through decision points of FIDs. And we see a strong outlook as you look at the back half of 2018-2019 relative to these projects moving forward. So we've got a lot of experience here, and we're looking forward to it.
Brian Worrell: Yes, David. One thing to think specifically about with Cheniere is this is an add-on to a project that's already existing there, So there's a lot of the infrastructure and a lot of equipment that can be utilize that volume might actually be lower on this, but execution is much more straightforward since it's virtually a repeat of what we've done there before with some obvious tweaks, but anyway that's how I think about it specifically to Cheniere.
Dave Anderson: So in others -- because it's an add-on maybe the revenue is a little bit lower but the margins are higher, is that fair to say?
Brian Worrell: Yes, execution yes is much more straightforward on there and we've done things like this before, yes.
Dave Anderson: And I guess shifting to more of a short cycle question; internationally you had said earlier that --you said you had strengthened your commercial positioning particularly in the Middle East. And I'm wondering is that --I think there's a reference sort of rebuilding kind of the legacy Baker Hughes business that had been shifted to a more of an asset light model and kind of in prior years. So I guess I'm just kind of wondering a year into the merger here where are you in that process relative to its kind of where you want to be? I mean is that kind of -- you kind of rebuilding under certain elements there? Is that particular server, it's a product line or region that might take a little longer? Could you just give us an update of your progress on that part of the business?
Lorenzo Simonelli: Yes. Dave, if you look at what we've mentioned all along, there's been a commercial intensity focus through the integration, and that has been really rebuilding within the oilfield services, and it's regaining some of the presence that we have in some of the key regions and basins. You've seen some of the award announcements and we feel good about the processes that we put in place. There's been a complete revamp of the way in which we're incentivizing our salesforce making sure that there's accountability, that there's focus on the customers and you're seeing early wins and we're continuing the focus there from a standpoint of the commercial intensity. So we are not looking at asset light type of model anymore. There is an aspect of continuing to play the full spectrum leveraging the larger footprint of the combined company at BHGE. And we feel good about the progress being made and we'll continue on that front.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Sean Meakim with JP Morgan. Your line is now open.
Sean Meakim: Thanks, hey, good morning. So on TPS and the orders grew 3% sequentially perhaps has maybe a little less than one would have expected given some of the big wins that you've had during the quarter. Can you give us a little more of a breakdown of the order mix and how pricing is for these awards is looking relative to maybe what you're realizing through the P&L today?
Brian Worrell: Yes, Sean, if you take a look at it from a pricing perspective, no real moves there or anything to raise any flags over. The team executed in the quarter and we're pleased with where they ended up. As I pointed out versus last year and that's really the way to kind of look at this business from the equipment standpoint, we had the large SLNG order in Mozambique last year that makes that compares a little bit tougher. And then the other thing, I'd reinforce here is the transactional orders volume increase. We saw that up quite a bit versus both last year and sequentially. If you look at services, total services versus the prior quarter up 11%, so again that's a strong indicator for conversion in the second half. And we've got a really good outlook and line of sight into what we think orders are going to do here in the second half.
Sean Meakim: And so to clarify you'd say that --how would you characterize pricing going into the backlog today versus what's coming out today?
Brian Worrell: Yes, look as I said, if I look at overall I'm not seeing any significant pricing moves on what we're booking right now. Obviously, depends on the market; depends on geography and application but what I'm seeing right now is in line with what we expected.
Operator: Thank you and our next question comes from the line of Kurt Hallead with RBC. Your line is now open.
Kurt Hallead: Hey, good morning. So, Lorenzo, maybe start off with a question for you and it kind of ducktails with maybe some of the earlier commentary. I think up until about this quarter no Baker Hughes had maybe a slightly more muted kind of viewpoint on the international progression as a related to oilfield services. So what do you think is transpired here over the course and past maybe three to six months to provide you with much greater convictions to now come out and say, we feel really good about the dynamics? And in that context, what kind of visibility do you have into say some oil field service related projects going out into next year? What kind of discussions that you have with your customer base?
Lorenzo Simonelli: Yes, Kurt, and as you said correctly, there's definitely more of a positive sign in some of our geo markets. It's always too early to say everything Kurt or shake out in 2019, but you're seeing indications continued momentum in the Middle East where activity has continued to improve. And then also as you look at the North Sea, which is a key area of activity where we've historically had good share, we're seeing pockets of activity pick up there. You heard about the Equinor award obviously that we spoke about and then you also look at pockets of activity in Latin America continuing to be discussed. So as I go around and also speak to the customers and as you look at people starting to firm up their plans for 2019. You are starting to hear more about CapEx increases and projects moving forward. Again, it's going to vary by customer segments, but overall there's a sense of again positive direction there.
Kurt Hallead: Okay, that's great color. And then maybe for Brian on the market front as a relates at TPS, if I did hear the one of the earlier responses in question earlier you said the second quarter baseline margin for TPS was around 10% to date. Did I hear that correctly?
Brian Worrell: Yes. You did with the one-time charge that we had it-- that had about a two-point impact on the margin rate so around 10%.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Jim Wicklund with Credit Suisse. Your line is now open.
Jim Wicklund: Good morning, guys. Just a couple of clarifications because all the good questions have already been asked by my smarter associates. Which segments have the most non core divestiture potential? We've heard that TPS maybe selling some of the compression equipment manufacturing, you already sold you noted, as you noted the sale of natural gas solutions in oilfield equipment, you've got the high drill business that's been slow. Is there any one segment that has more non core than others and over the next couple of years no timeframe given, how much you expect really just broadly to realize from the sale of non-core assets?
Lorenzo Simonelli: Jim and maybe just to clarify and again the strategy here is really we like overall our business set up in BHGE. There are some small elements here that are non core and we continue to have a strategy where we look at these, but I'd say it's minimal. And we like the position we have, and the focus of the company going forward.
Brian Worrell: The way I think about it is we've got a clear framework. We're focused on returns and improving ROIC, and we continue to evaluate that in light of the portfolio and how we're performing and where we're investing, so that's the way I think about it.
Jim Wicklund: Okay, that is helpful. And one of the things that you all focus on is the free cash flow generation, and obviously it's being muddied these days but the effects of the synergy efforts that will continue, which are clearly positive long term. But do we see any of those synergy or severance costs really coming through after this year's? Will 2019 be a clear year for cash flow generation? And do you have any targets in terms of free cash flow yields or any targets you can share with us or just maximize as much as you can?
Lorenzo Simonelli: Sure, Jim. If you think about the restructuring charges that we have to generate the synergies here as we've said before, heavier from a cash standpoint clearly this year. There might be some that goes into next year but it would be relatively small. And then I say looking at 2019, obviously, depending on how the market plays out, how things go we don't have big restructuring plans for 2019, but we've always got to look at our cost structure and make sure we're competitive there. And in terms of targets, as we've laid out we are driving the business to get to 90% free cash flow conversion. As I've said before we --it's a journey, we're making a lot of improvements, some core fundamentals and core metrics around our working capital performance are improving. But we still have some work to do there. So we're still committed to strong free cash flow.
Operator: Thank you. And our final question comes from the line of Marc Bianchi with Cowen. Your line is now open.
Marc Bianchi: Thank you. My first question on the pace of the synergies so you had a very strong delivery of synergies in the second quarter and you act -- it seems like you expect some continued improvement in the back half of the year. Can you talk a little bit about the pace of incremental synergies in the second half and when would we expect to get any kind of an update your overall targets?
Brian Worrell: Yes. We did execute on the incremental $45 million of synergies in the quarter. We're pleased with the pacing of the synergies about $10 million of that was related to revenue, so $35 million of cost. And so what I'd say Marc is look, we're in line with our plan here to deliver the $700 million this year. And are working a strong funnel for 2019. So no real update to the aggregate number, but feel good about where we are and how the teams are executing.
Marc Bianchi: Okay. Is it fair to conclude that the incremental synergies added in the second half are at a smaller absolute number than what we saw in the first half?
Brian Worrell: Yes, I'd say if you look at it they might be slightly smaller, but again if you look at the ramp up to the total 700, they're not going to be too far off-- of where we were in the in the second quarter.
Operator: Thank you. And that does conclude today's Q&A session. And I'd like to return the call to Mr. Lorenzo Simonelli for any closing remarks.
Lorenzo Simonelli: Thanks. Just a couple of quick points here. I just want to thank everybody for joining us today. Also we are celebrating our first 12 months, so I'm proud of what we've achieved and I do want to thank everybody for all the hard effort all the employees as well as for yourselves in joining us. And our outlook is becoming more positive and we remain focused on our priorities, which is we've said is making sure we gain share, growing also margin and free cash flow. So thanks a lot.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in today's conference. This does conclude the program and you may all disconnect. Everyone have a great day.

===== 2018 Q1  (2018-04-20 09:30:00) =====
Executives: Phil Mueller - VP of IR Lorenzo Simonelli - Chairman and CEO Brian Worrell - CFO
Analysts: James West - Evercore ISI Angeline Sedita - UBS Jud Bailey - Wells Fargo Bill Herbert - Simmons & Co Timna Tanners - Bank of America Merrill Lynch James Wicklund - Credit Suisse David Anderson - Barclays Chase Mulvehill - Wolfe Research
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Baker Hughes, a GE company First Quarter 2018 Earnings Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions will follow at that time. [Operator Instructions]. And as a reminder, this conference call is being recorded. I would now like to introduce your host for today's conference, Mr. Phil Mueller, Vice President of Investor Relations. Sir, you may begin.
Phil Mueller: Thank you, Sandra. Good morning everyone and welcome to the Baker Hughes, a GE company first quarter 2018 earnings conference call. Here with me today are our Chairman and CEO, Lorenzo Simonelli; and our CFO, Brian Worrell. Today's presentation and the earnings release that was issued earlier today can be found on our website at bhge.com. As a reminder, during the course of this conference call, we will provide predictions, forecasts, and other forward-looking statements. Although they reflect our current expectations, these statements are not guarantees of future performance and involve a number of risks and assumptions. Please review our SEC filings for a discussion of some of the factors that could cause actual results to differ materially. As you know, reconciliations of operating income and other non-GAAP to GAAP measures can be found in our earnings release and on our website at bhge.com under the Investor Relations section. In addition, we adopted several new accounting standards this quarter mainly relating to revenue recognition and pension cost and benefit presentation. All our prior period financials have been updated to reflect these new standards. Please review our filings for April 5 for recasted financials. Similar to prior quarters, all results discussed today are on a combined business basis as if the transaction closed on January 1, 2016. With that, I will turn the call over to Lorenzo.
Lorenzo Simonelli: Thank you, Phil. Good morning everyone and thanks for joining us. On the call today, I will give a brief overview of our first quarter results, my perspective on the market and how our company is delivering results in the current environment. I will also give you an update on the integration and our progress on synergies. Brian will then review our financial results in more detail before we open up the call to questions. We delivered $5.2 billion in orders and $5.4 billion in revenues in the first quarter both for in line with our expectations. Adjusted operating income in the quarter was $228 million; we saw improvements in our oil field services business more than offset by declines in our long cycle businesses. Free cash flow in the quarter was $226 million, we made significant progress on the improvement actions we laid out last year. Earnings per share for the quarter was $0.17 and adjusted EPS was $0.09. We remain committed to the top tier shareholder returns, since closing the deal we've returned over $1.6 billion to shareholders. Now I would like to take a few moments to discuss the overall market dynamics. In the oil market, we see global demand rising at a steady pace, driven by an improved GDP outlook for the United States and Europe. In Asia alone, strong economic growth is expected to add nearly a 1 million barrels per day of the month in 2018. On the supply side, US production grew to more than 10 million barrels per day with first quarter average production up 7% versus the fourth quarter of 2017 driven mostly by Shell. OPEC and Russia have committed to production cuts for the end of 2018. We have seen a drawn on US crude inventories that have full stops closer to the five-year average. These factors have resulted in a market equilibrium which we expect will keep crude prices relatively range bound in 2018. This recent price stability has resulted in customer spend forecast that shows solid year-over-year growth for our short cycle businesses particularly in North America where operators continue to grow rig count and well counts. Internationally we're seeing signs of activity increasing in certain geo markets, though these remain competitive. The offshore market remained subdued in the first quarter. However we expect activity to increase through the year. While we expect our E&P customers to grow upstream investments we continue to see them focused on capital discipline and limiting their CapEx spend within their operating cash flows, we're seeing this both internationally and with the large independence in the United States. We see the global energy make shifting more to gas over the coming decades. Consumption is expected to grow more than twice as fast as any other fossil fuel through 2040, a roughly 1.5% per year. As part of this dynamic, we expect LNG demand to more than double to 500 million tons per annum by 2030. Growing at a pace of 4% to 5% per year. We saw demand growth well above that projected pace in 2017. As global imports grew 11% on nearly 30 million tons versus 2016. Import volumes rose again significantly in the first quarter with global imports up 9% versus the first quarter of 2017. The increase in demand for LNG coupled with the lack of recent project final investment decisions points to the LNG, supply; demand balance tightening. Market data suggests that new LNG capacity is required in the early to mid-next decade to meet demand, which should translate to project FIDs for which we're well positioned. While our outlook for LNG is becoming increasingly positive we did not see any project FIDs in the first quarter. We expect projects will begin to move as we progress through 2018. Now I would like to share some highlights from the first quarter. Our priorities in oil field services remains unchanged. With focused on gaining share in key markets and product lines and delivering best in class services to our customers. We're also committed to improving our operating margins by executing on the synergies we laid out and improving efficiency throughout our operations. We made great progress on these priorities in the first quarter with key wins in artificial lift and wire line and continued momentum for our well construction product lines. We secured a large five-year contract for 100% Kinder Morgan's ESP work in four Permian Basin fields displacing competitors and free of these fields. This award not only solidifies our leading position in artificial lift but also demonstrates our continued commitment to grow in the Permian. In the Gulf of Mexico, a large international oil company awarded us the openhole and cased hole wire line services on all its rigs displacing a competitor. This award was due to our strong operational performance in 2017. We also displaced the competition with our drilling services product line on all of this customer's deepwater rigs in the Gulf of Mexico after drilling one of the fastest wells in the field to-date. In West Africa, our Upstream Chemicals product lines was awarded a three-year $100 million contract with a major oil company for a large mature field, we've displaced the competitor who had managed the fields of past several decades [ph]. This award was based on the strong performance of our Upstream Chemicals product line for this customer in other regions and build on our strategy for international expansion in chemicals. We also made significant progress on our automation strategy and well construction by setting another record in the Marcellus Basin. Our MWD engineers and directional drillers performed a completely remote drilling operation from the customer's office. In this operation, we drove the longest extended reach single-run ever recorded a total of over 20,000 feet in just eight days. Based on our performance and longstanding relationship with the customer we won an additional multi-year award including oilfield equipment displacing multiple competitors. In our oilfield equipment segment we're providing our customers with innovative commercial models that serve their needs, while maintaining focus on technology, system design and project costs. Let me give you a few examples of how we're delivering for our customers. In the first quarter, BHGE together McDermott was selected for BP's Tortue Field Development offshore Mauritania and Senegal. The initial contract is a feed study for SPS and SURF in a full well development. Our technical leadership in large full [ph] gas and high pressure, high temperature applications combined with our partnership approach for the McDermott were instrumental in securing this award from BP. We also secured our latest integrated full stream win combining our oilfield equipment and oilfield service capabilities. BHGE was selected by Chrysaor, a leading independent E&P company in the UK as preferred service partner and main provider of oilfield services and equipment for subsea wells in the Armada [ph] area. Chrysaor is another example of our competitive advantage and our ability to partner with customers and design novel commercial solutions that allow projects to move forward. We have a proven track record of implementing and executing on new commercial models that align our incentives with our customers and enable us to deliver better outcomes. For example, we now have nearly two years of operating history and our partnerships with diamond offshore drilling and Transocean Limited where we developed a new service model for offshore drilling equipment. Our customers have realized meaningful performance improvements. Diamond has experience a significant reduction in subsea non-productive time achieving less than 0.75% over the last six months. While Transocean awarded BHGE with a performance bonus at the end of 2017. This shift from traditional transactional relationships benefits all stakeholders and is driving industry leading reliability. Lastly on OFE, I'm pleased to announce that this week we've been awarded the subsea equipment contract by Chevron, Phase II of the Gorgon project in offshore Western Australia. We will supply 13 subsea trees another subsea equipment including manifolds, wellheads and production controlled systems. The Gorgon development is one of the largest natural gas projects in the industry today. BHGE has been a key partner since the early concept phase of this multi-stage development and we continue to drive efficiencies together with Chevron and its partners. In our turbomachinery and process solutions segment, we laid out four strategic priorities over the next 24 months. First, we will maintain our position in the LNG and capture the significant growth opportunities in the market. Second, we will optimize and maintain our service capability for outage schedules and transactional services pick up. Third, we will expand into underpenetrated market such the industrial space and fourth we will simplify the structure of the business and drive cost out. [Indiscernible] and the team are aggressively executing on these priorities. Over the last few years, we've continued to invest in technology to drive differentiation and value for our customers. We introduced the LM2500 + G5, the LM6000 PF+ and launch LM9000 gas turbine last year. These technologies allow us and our customers to operate longer between service events, reduce emissions and deliver more power, which lower our customers total cost of ownership. We secured some key commercial wins in the quarter. In Norway, we were awarded a $65 million contract to provide turbomachinery equipment to the Johan Castberg field, as part of the award we will provide two LM2500 plus G4 gas turbine generators coupled with two electric generators. This technology will be preassembled into three module specifically designed for FPSOs which will help Statoil reduce the number of interfaces at the installation site, simplifying the engineering, execution and construction phases. In North America, we secured an award to provide gas turbine and compressor equipment to an important customer for the first two phases of a large gas pipeline project. We will install three of our PGT25+ aeroderivative gas turbines and three of our PCL 802 centrifugal compressors for this customer. And we've tried all planned and unplanned maintenance for 18 years. We also continue to gain traction with our lower megawatt NovaLT family of equipment. Securing an award to provide four LT16 gas turbine driven compressors for a pipeline project in Central Asia, building on the success we've already seen in this product line. As I shared on our last earnings call, we're focused on optimizing the cost base of the business. In the first quarter we began this process by rationalizing TPSs regional structure. We're also driving lower product and service cost by looking at everything from product design to manufacturing to installation. We believe these cost out actions will create a better and more profitable franchise and position us well for the future. In our Digital Solution segment, we're gaining traction with our customers on our software offerings and our measurement and controls business are solidifying their position as technology leaders. Let me highlight a few examples from the first quarter. As we continue to focus our software offerings on analytics, we announced the partnership with NVIDIA to use artificial intelligence and advanced computing to help the oil and gas industry reduce operational cost and improved productivity. The partnership combines our portfolio with NVIDIA's computing power to significantly advanced image recognition capabilities in the industry; disrupting convention modeling techniques using algorithms oil and gas companies can scale data modeling quicker and optimize their operations as conditions change. We're also gaining traction with our productive Corrosion Management software, we signed an agreement with an Asian refinery to enable real-time analysis of ultrasonic thermal and thickness measurements. This will enable our customer to materially lower inspection costs going forward. We see the growing corrosion management market as one particularly well suited to predictive applications. Our software offering enables repeatable, accurate measurement of piping wall thickness and temperature and reduces inspection cost. In our measurement and controls product lines we continue to strengthen our technology leadership position selling across a number of end markets beyond just oil and gas. In our inspection Technologies product line we sold double-digit growth in CT sales in Asia including the first deployment of our CT technology for a major Japanese auto manufacturer. We're for one of the only products in the world to convert industrial CT scans at scale. Our systems are capable in inspecting complex manufactured parts to ensure cracks and other structural anomalies are detected faster and easier than traditional methods. Our speed scan CT system which is several hundred times faster than a conventional system can be applied for out industrial segment. Turning now to integration, we've made tremendous progress over the first nine months as a combined company. In the first quarter 2018, we delivered $144 million of synergies. Our total year commitment of $700 million remains firmly on track. We're making excellent progress on rooftop consolidation with an additional 25 locations closed in the first quarter. We've more facility consolidations planned for 2018 as we shift from reducing office locations to larger operational facility combinations. One of the early focus areas in bringing our two companies together was to integrate and optimize our respective artificial lift businesses. We've made significant progress on this to-date. At the end of 2017, we completed an extensive assessment of our ESPs that included a market evaluation of customer preferences, product performance and total cost of operation of the ESP system. We now have a set of new offerings that have rolled out to customers in the first quarter. The result of the effort is a portfolio of ESPs that is the most advanced and most complete in the market, offering the highest level of reliability and efficiency in the industry. We also began optimizing our manufacturing footprint and we expect to complete this consolidation by mid-year. Finally, our priorities for 2018 remain unchanged. We are focused on growing market share improving margins and generating more cash. With that let me turn the call over to Brian.
Brian Worrell: Thanks Lorenzo. I'll begin with the total company results and then move into the segment details. As Lorenzo mentioned we delivered a strong orders quarter. Orders were $5.2 billion up 9% year-over-year. We grew orders in all segments led by turbomachinery which is up 10%. Oilfield equipment grew orders 5% and digital solutions was up 3%. Quarter-over-quarter orders were down 8% driven by typical seasonality across our portfolio. Backlog for the quarter ended at $22.2 billion up $1.2 billion versus last quarter. The growth was primarily due to the impact of adopting the new revenue recognition accounting standard. Service backlog ended at $16.8 billion up $1.1 billion or 7% with long-term service agreements and turbomachinery driving the increase. Equipment backlog ended at $5.4 billion up 1%. Going forward, we will report Remaining Performance Obligations or RPO a requirement under the newly implemented revenue recognition accounting standard. RPO represents orders which meets specific contractual criteria and is not yet converted into revenue. RPO for the first quarter $21.3 billion. Revenue for the quarter was $5.4 billion down 7% sequentially driven primarily by typical seasonality across all of our segment. Year-over-year revenue was up 1% as we saw continued growth in our short cycle businesses, oilfield services and digital solutions. But declines in our long cycle businesses turbomachinery and oilfield equipment. Operating loss for the quarter was $41 million. On an adjusted basis operating income was $228 million which excludes restructuring, impairment and other charges of $269 million. Adjusted operating income was 20% sequentially as the growth in oilfield services was offset by seasonal declines in our other segments. Year-over-year adjusted operating income was down 19% driven by oilfield equipment and turbomachinery partially offset by oilfield services and digital solutions. Corporate costs were $98 million in the quarter down 38% versus the first quarter of 2017. Depreciation and amortization for the quarter was $388 million. D&A was slightly lower than we expected due to purchase accounting adjustments we booked in the quarter. Next on taxes in the first quarter, we had a tax credit of $86 million which includes a positive $124 million impact driven by the US tax reform. This has been excluded from our adjusted earnings per share excluding this impact our first quarter tax expense was $38 million. Earnings per share for the quarter were $0.17, adjusted earnings per share were $0.09. We delivered strong free cash flow in the quarter as the improvement actions we previously highlighted have started to yield results. Free cash flow in the quarter was $226 million which included $100 million of restructuring and deal related cash outflows. We generated over $100 million of cash from working capital. As you may recall I outlined several improvement areas on working capital during our third quarter 2017 earnings call. On accounts receivable, we're focused on increasing our pace of collections and reducing cycle time. In the quarter, accounts receivable generated $125 million of operating cash flow. We also continue to make progress on inventory management despite our typical first quarter build up, our inventory balance is down versus when we close the deal. While there is still much more we can do, I'm pleased with the improvements we've implemented so far. Gross CapEx for the quarter was $177 million. Net proceeds from disposals of assets were $108 million in the quarter driven by increased asset sales as part of our ongoing integration efforts. Next I wanted to give you an update on our progress in executing our capital allocation strategy. In the first quarter, we repurchased both Class A and Class B shares on a pro-rata basis for a total of $500 million. Since closing the deal, we've now returned over $1.6 billion to shareholders. We executed $1 billion of share buybacks and have paid over $600 million in dividends. Now I'll turn to the segment results. In oilfield services, market conditions continue to improve. In the first quarter we saw 5% sequential increase in US land rigs. However the US offshore market was down 21% with quarter-over-quarter. The US completed well counts slowed versus the fourth quarter driven by industry-wide supply chain challenges. With drilling activity outpacing completions, the drilled but uncompleted well count continue to rise. Given the commodity price backdrop we expect to see North America completion start to pick up in Q2. Internationally rig count was up slightly with small increases in the Middle East and Latin America. Revenue for our OFS business was $2.7 billion down 4% versus the fourth quarter of 2017. North America revenue was $1.1 billion flat versus the prior quarter as growth in our drilling related product lines was offset by declines in artificial lift and pressure pumping in the Gulf of Mexico. Internationally, revenue was $1.6 billion down 6% sequentially primarily due to the non-repeat of year-end product sales. We saw the largest declines in Latin America and Asia Pacific partially offset by growth in our drilling services product line in Europe and Sub-Saharan Africa. Operating income was $141 million up 39% sequentially driven by our strong progress on synergies, solid incremental margins and drilling services and lower depreciation and amortization? These improvements were partially offset by seasonal volume declines most notably in completion and artificial lift. Our outlook for oilfield services is unchanged. We expect volume improvements as we move through the year with strong incremental margins. As Lorenzo mentioned, our overall synergy expectation for 2018 is unchanged. Next on oilfield equipment, the business performed in line with our expectations but continues to operate in difficult environment. Orders in the quarter were $499 million up 5% year-over-year. Equipment orders were down 5% year-over-year primarily due to the timing of flexible pipe orders which was only partially offset by increased equipment orders in our subsea production business. Service orders were up 18% versus last year driven by increased activity particularly in the North Sea and slightly improved aftermarket activity in our rig drilling systems business. Revenue was $664 million down 7% versus the prior year, this was driven by lower subsea production equipment revenue and continued volume softness in our rig drilling systems business. These declines were partially offset by growth in North American surface pressure control. We still expect the large equipment orders we won in 2017 to begin to convert into revenue in the second half of 2018. Operating loss was $6 million which was unfavorable year-over-year. This decline was driven primarily by continued volume pressure across the business and lower productivity, but was lessened by cost out and synergy execution. We continue to execute on structural cost and products and service cost reductions as we position the business for the future. Overall the OFE business will continue to be challenged in the second quarter, but we expect it to improve as volume increases in the second half of this year, our technology and solutions position us well for upcoming customer FIDs. Moving to turbomachinery, the business continues to operate in the mixed environment with muted activity in both upstream production and LNG. We're focused on the priorities Lorenzo mentioned and we're executing within the framework we've previously communicated. Orders in the quarter were $1.5 billion up 10% year-over-year. Our orders performance was broadly in line with our expectations with no FIDs for LNG in the first quarter. Equipment orders were up 23% year-over-year driven by activity improvements in the onshore and offshore segments. Service orders were up 4% versus the prior year driven mainly by an increase in upgrades. Transactional services were up 1% year-over-year. Revenue for the quarter was $1.5 billion down 11% year-over-year. Equipment revenue was down 9% as a result of lower gas turbine and generator volume. Service revenue was down 13% with both contractual and transactional services lowered due to fewer outages. We did see revenue growth in upgrades. Operating income was $119 million down 53% year-over-year, the decline was driven by lower volume and negative services mix as well as lower cost productivity. We incurred slightly higher than anticipated cost in the quarter to position the business for future commercial wins. Overall, we expect TPS to perform in line with the framework I laid out on the fourth quarter earnings call. We continue to expect TPS margin rates to improve as we progress the second half of 2018 benefiting from higher margin backlog and the cost out initiatives. We're confident in and continue to invest in our strategic position and anticipate capturing market opportunities as they arise. Next on digital solutions, the business had a strong first quarter driven by increased activity in the oil and gas end market which was partially offset by continued pressure in the power generation sector. Orders were $649 million up 3% year-over-year driven by solid growth across oil and gas and industrial end markets. In inspection technologies, activity increased in the global automotive space as well as in the electronics sector in China. Our pipeline and process solutions business saw significant growth in pre commissioning orders, this growth was partially offset by declines in our controls business primarily due to lower overall activity in the power generation sector. Sequentially orders were down 7% driven by typical seasonality. Revenue was $598 million up 4% year-over-year, the volume increase was driven by pipeline and process solutions and inspection technologies partially offset with lower volume in our controls business. Regionally, we saw increased volume in Asia, the Middle East and Latin America offset by declines in both Europe and North America. Operating income was $73 million up 16% year-over-year the improvement was primarily due to productivity across the portfolio and synergy realization in our pipeline business, which were partially offset by negative product mix. We expect the oil and gas markets to continue to improve throughout 2018 and for the power and market to remain muted. As we've previously stated we expect sequential revenue and margin improvements in digital solutions over the course of 2018 driven by both seasonality and operational improvements. With that Lorenzo, I'll turn it back over to you.
Lorenzo Simonelli: Thanks Brian. Overall we've made a lot of progress in the quarter. I'm encouraged by our performance on the synergies and the key commercial wins we've secured. The macro outlook is favorable and we continue to position the company for further growth and profitability. Let me reiterate that our priorities are unchanged. We're focused on executing to deliver on our commitments on share, margins and cash. Phil, now over to you for questions.
Phil Mueller: Thanks. With that Sandra let's open the call for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] our first question comes from the line of James West with Evercore ISI. Your line is now open.
James West: It looks like you guys are delivering well on the synergies, the cash flow and it looks like commercial intensity is up so all good in those fronts. I wanted to ask, first about the offshore and typically your subsea with Tortue coming in and sources I think indicating more projects to be awarded here in the near term. How do you see that business evolving? It appears to me like we're starting to see - you finally see that pick in that business. And Lorenzo if you could comment on kind of what kind of outlook you have there and if I'm right, that the pickup is now underway.
Lorenzo Simonelli: James as we mentioned before, we like the position we have within the subsea and our subsea portfolio today. Regarding the market, we're coming off a very low base of 2016 and 2017 and we do expect 2018 to be up but it's still going to be at about half the levels that we saw in 2013. We're coming off the back of some good project awards as you mentioned BP Tortue with fairly leverages also, the key technology that we have on the large bore gas and high pressure, high temperature applications and then as I mentioned in the commentary, we've been awarded Gorgon with Chevron which really is extending the long-term partnership we have with Chevron on a critical project out there, the Gorgon project which is going to be continuing to build on the relationship. We're going to be supplying 13 subsea trees, other subsea equipment, manifolds, wellheads and production control systems. So we're seeing project activity start to pick up, we like where we're positioned and still some way to go, but we feel encouraged.
Lorenzo Simonelli: Okay, great and then, maybe just a more broader question as a follow-up. On the international outlook, Brent over 70 here, it seems to me the IOCs, the NOCs are becoming much more constructive on their views for the market and I wanted to understand how you guys are thinking about the international business especially given your desire to regain market share or gain market share also balancing that with improving margins. But it seems like the international business that recovers now, to know what stage is - that is now underway?
Lorenzo Simonelli: James on the international market as you break it down. So overall, we expect the year to be relatively flat with pockets of certain activities, you look at the regions. Pricing will remain competitive and our focus on margins construed with the synergies. If you break down the regions, in the Middle East we don't really see that much material growth in first quarter, we expect some more activity in the back half of 2018 with some pricing pressure. Our strategy continues to be really to gain some share there in the region. As you look at Latin America, there is political economic and stability in some countries. We see modest growth through the year, we're missing Venezuela partially offset with increase in Argentina so international and relatively flat through the year.
James West: Okay, great. Thanks Lorenzo.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Angeline Sedita with UBS. Your line is now open.
Angeline Sedita: So Lorenzo maybe you could talk a little bit more about the opportunities that for Baker GE and LNG given your very clear leading market share. I believe what 85%, 90% on the compression side and maybe the size and scale, that opportunities that revenue per MTA and timing of the award.
Lorenzo Simonelli: So Angie let's - I take start at looking at the market place and if you look at the some of the activity that's taking place. We've mentioned the demand that's been increasing over the course of 2017 of LNG and we see expected demand to double for LNG 500 million tons per annum by 2030. So the outlook remains positive over the long-term and when you look at also the project activity to get ready for that, we do start to anticipate final investment decisions in the back half of 2018 going into 2019. We continue to like our position from the TPS business, we've been investing heavily in new technology. I've mentioned some of those with the LM6000, you've got the LM2500, the LM9000 and we continue to act very closely with our customers. So we feel that this is an industry space that we've got an opportunity to continue to improve upon and feel positive about the outlook going forward, as these final investment decisions come through. I would say, we didn't see any final investment decisions in the first quarter and again, we see those coming through second half 2018 beginning of 2019.
Angeline Sedita: Thanks helpful and then Brian, maybe as a follow-up to that. can you talk a little bit more about TPS margins, how you think about TPS margins going into the back half of the year, in part driven by LNG awards in 2017 cost cutting and maybe a little return on the transactional side and then thoughts into 2019. I think you're thinking that potentially we could be back into the mid-teens on TPS from 8% today.
Brian Worrell: Yes, Angie you reiterated a couple points - we highlighted in the 4Q 2017 earnings call and in the medium term, we'd be around levels we were in the fourth quarter and do expect to see a pick up here in the second half with the visibility we have into the backlog and what we see coming through the services portfolio. If you roll this forward into 2019, we have said that we did see us getting back to mid-teen rates and there's a couple of things that really drive that. First is, we talked to you about the cost op, $200 million of cost op they were driving in the business that's clearly going to impact margin rates. You get a full year impact as we roll into 2019, so self-help there is a big piece of that recovery. On the services side, we've got good line of sight into both the transactional and contractual service outage schedules and the types of outages that are there and that's favorable for margin rates as we look out into 2019. We'll start to see some of that in the back half of this year and then finally you know, you highlighted the LNG market with some FID starting to pick up late this year and early next year. We should start to see in the back half of next year, some revenue starting to come through associated with those since we're the long lead items in those projects, so that's really the dynamic that we see playing out for 2019 to get the margin rates back up in the mid-teens in TPS.
Angeline Sedita: Thanks, very helpful. I'll turn it over.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Jud Bailey with Wells Fargo. Your line is now open.
Jud Bailey: Wanted to follow-up on TPS and specifically ask about kind of LNG services business. You've noted that's been a bit of drag and has not really, has been a bit of disappointment I guess in the last few quarters. I wonder if you could talk about your visibility on service activities starting to improve and maybe comment on, is there any opportunity for some sort of catch up effect because it's best we can tell that business has been relatively flattish while capacity has been growing, could you help us think through the growth trajectory on LNG services and to the extent you're seeing any visibility that could ultimately play out, this year in 2019.
Lorenzo Simonelli: Yes, sure Jud I'll give you some color on that. So if you look at services it's a big part of the business today and you're right, it has been relatively flat. And we talked about some of the reasons there in terms of safety stock going down destocking as well as the outage timing in the installed base. If you think about services in total, we installed the equipment and then the equipment operates. So there is a generally a lag before you start to see a lot of the service calories [ph] come through, a lot of that depends on where the equipment is, how it's being operated. So we have a large installed base that are under contractual services agreements and we have pretty good visibility into the types of outages that are going to happen and the calories [ph] that come along with those. The LNG contracts are typically 10 to 20-year service contracts and the way you think about those, year one you have some provisioning of parts and installation and then again depending on where the equipment is operated, you start to get into service events two, three years out but major service events, four, five years into the lifecycle and that follows through the rest of the lifecycle of the LNG plant. So if you go back and look at where we've been in the LNG built cycle primarily we're starting to enter a phase really early next year where you start to see some larger service events that will come through and they bring more revenue and more calories [ph] with them as well. in addition to the visibility we have into these outages we've been driving productivity in these contracts both for our customers and for ourselves, so as we progress through these contracts we can make them more profitable and provide better output for our customers as well, so that's another tailwind in the services portfolio. with the LNG build that's happened over the last few years services calories [ph] will pick up sooner, the LNG that we expect to start coming in late this year, early next year you'll see the benefits from the service revenue a few years after commissioning. So in terms of the outlook it's consistent with what I just said, [indiscernible] got good visibility into 2018 and into 2019 and expect to pick up there.
Jud Bailey: Okay and if I could follow-up and maybe try to maybe ask about some numbers. Should we think LNG services, is it reasonable thing they could grow mid-to-high single digits, can we see double-digit growth at some point. I'm just trying to think about how to think about the magnitude of growth as some of this stuff that you're talking about plays out.
Lorenzo Simonelli: Yes, I think the best indicator there is if you go back and look at our installed base growth in LNG when that cycle really started early part of this decade and there's a good data out there on when plants where commissioned and started running. Our services growth roughly will track to that with the lag and again I wish I could tell you, it's exactly two and half years you'll start to see it, but it really depends on where the equipment is operating, the type of equipment. But there is generally a lag versus the installed base in TPA [ph] growth.
Jud Bailey: All right, I appreciate that. And my second question if I may is, free cash flow during the quarter was above our estimates. I think largely due to lower restructuring. Can you help us think about free cash flow as we go over the next few quarters and [indiscernible] obviously [indiscernible] cash restructuring charges and probably working capital. I assumed free cash flow grows, but maybe you could help us think about the progression over the next couple of quarters.
Lorenzo Simonelli: Jud to kick it off here. We're really pleased with the progress we've made on the cash flow and we stated in the third quarter 2017 call the improvements we're going to make on operations. You're seeing those come through the team is fully focused on it and you can see the results bearing fruit, more to do as we work through the year and you can expect those operational improvements.
Brian Worrell: We did have some good results as I highlighted earlier on working capital specifically around receivables. You did point out, restructuring spend was about $100 million in the quarter. if I look at that going forward as I said early the bulk of the expense will be through there in the second quarter, some ongoing cost will flow into the second half but relatively small versus what you see in the first half year. And typically with all these projects, the expense proceeds, the cash as people exit as we close down facilities, exit product lines and those kind of things. So you will see an uptick in the restructuring cash here in the second and the third quarter again trailing off in the second half of the year. And from an overall working capital and free cash flow generation standpoint, look we talked to you about in the third quarter earnings call. It's a big focus for the leadership team here. We've started to make quite a bit of progress. Inventory levels are down versus when we closed the deal and we usually have a spike up in the first quarter, but we still managed to generate cash since we close the deal in inventory. So we're happy with the progress, but some more work to do. So I think there's some opportunities there as we go through the rest of the year. And then from a CapEx standpoint we were a bit low this quarter. One is, I talked about we're driving some integration activities and we sold some properties that generated some proceeds and then you see we had an inventory build in the first quarter and a lot of that will flip over the CapEx as we deploy those tools to drive the revenue growth.
Jud Bailey: Okay.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Sean Megam [ph] with JP Morgan. Your line is now open.
Unidentified Analyst: So Lorenzo, you noted in your prepared comments plan for 2018 includes taking market share, improving margins and generating more cash. Obviously synergies are big part of the mix, but leaving aside synergies you've been pretty vocal about your trend. You're trying to be aggressive on some of these larger projects out there, take advantage of the broader scope of the combined companies, just often times that interplay between share gains and margins can be in conflict. So I was just hoping to get a little more clarity from you, how you prioritize top line growth via market share versus driving margins at this point of cycle, the point versus the companies are coming together through the integration.
Lorenzo Simonelli: Yes, Sean [ph] just to reframe again. Our strategy and if you take a step back and when we combine the businesses it's really a way in which we approach the market by offering new commercial propositions and I think you're starting to see that, we mentioned Chrysaor which is again, another award of full stream we're combining the capabilities that we offer across oilfield equipment, across oilfield services and that is really a new offering that didn't exist in the marketplace before. We got the capabilities and you've seen those coming through. Also we've got aside from the synergies again new product introductions that we're developing into the marketplace. You've seen those we're utilizing 3D printing capabilities, new technologies, Lean which are going to be able to put us in a position where we're at a better cost space from a product standpoint. So you look at the premise of the way the strategy was laid up and we're executing to that strategy and that's how we're able to gain share and also return the margin and profitability and obviously generate cash. So I feel very good about [indiscernible] which we're executing towards those.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay fair enough and then just one point of clarification. On the Tortue project, is that fair that the contract that we have today is just for the feed as opposed to reinstalling EPCI work reallocated and is BP obligated to use, BHGE for the EPCI work or is that still up for debates betting on how things progress?
Lorenzo Simonelli: Yes, so [indiscernible] just to clarify so the initial contract [indiscernible] feed study for the FPS and also for the first and for well development.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Bill Herbert with Simmons. Your line is now open.
Bill Herbert: I came on late to this call, so you may have answered this question. So I get the mix shift in revenues on TPS with regard to LNG driven service agreements. Can you provide us with some commentary and expectation on your transactional services? Your installed base is growing but the unit spend is a declining margin of safety is eroding and so the spring continues to coil, what's your expectation for that business starting to inflect into revenue generation.
Brian Worrell: Yes, Bill we have talked about that little bit, but to reiterate with the visibility we have with the outages in the contractual services space as well as what we see from the installed base on transactional services. We do see that picking up in the second half of the year into 2019. We did see a slight increase year-over-year which is a good sign in transactional services, but just so you know it's difficult to predict exactly when the customers are going to decide by the inventory they need for an outage, so we're constantly working with them. So there can be some movement between one quarter and another, but generally if you look at the installed base growth over the last few years and where things are in the service cycle. It should be a general tailwind and again you could see some quarter-on-quarter movement, but the macro is pretty good for that.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Timna Tanners with Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Your line is now open.
Timna Tanners: So I really wanted to ask about uses of cash [indiscernible] by that performance in the first quarter. I believe [indiscernible] worth $2 billion less authorized and just wanted you to refresh if you could if that pace is sustainable and again we have a pretty high forecast for further free cash flow generation, even beyond this current authorization. Any further thoughts on Cassius [ph]?
Brian Worrell: Timna, look we like the strategy we have communicated to return 40% to 50% of net income to shareholders. We do have plans to increase the free cash flow conversion, so we like the free cash flow outlook here. In terms of what we've done, we launched the share buyback program in November and it bought back $1 billion of stock in four months and it returned $600 million to shareholders in dividends, so pretty solid returns there in terms of returning cash to shareholders. I think the stock rate is today is still an attractive investment. We continue to work with the board on the pace of our buyback and you should expect us to continue to execute here. But you're right we do have $2 billion of authorization left and are, remain committed to our stated objectives here returning cash to shareholders.
Timna Tanners: Okay, thanks for that. And then if you wouldn't mind, just eyeballing your second quarter EBITDA current consensus was about 15% trajectory and given the seasonality and what you just laid out, I just wondered if it were possible for you to say high level that seems like a reasonable progression. Thanks.
Lorenzo Simonelli: So Timna again we don't really talk about the consensus out there. We're committed again to what we see from a trend perspective in the industry. You've got North America activity that is improving. This is a story of short cycle business that sees tailwind given the activity in the industry, so positive momentum if you think about oilfield services, the digital solutions. When you look at the longer cycle businesses you're really looking at the back half of the year [indiscernible] equipment and also TPS as some of these larger projects final investments decisions come through.
Brian Worrell: Yes and Timna our outlook for the year is unchanged at this time. And I think Lorenzo summarized the dynamics in the product companies pretty well.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of James Wicklund with Credit Suisse. Your line is now open.
James Wicklund: [Indiscernible] on turbomachinery if I could. Lorenzo you talk about the significant demand that 500 million tons by 2030 over the next many years. You guys have talked in the past about your revenue potential in turbomachinery being somewhere between $30 and $70 per ton and when we look back historically. It looks like on the equipment side that it is historically been closer to about $25 a ton and I'm just wondering are we missing the service component of that and is the service component what really gets the revenue potential in the $30 to $70 range and I'm just trying to gaze is because we can all have opinions of what the FID rate is going to be over the next couple of years. But I just want to make sure that we're judging the revenue potential over the next couple of years in the same current way.
Lorenzo Simonelli: Yes, Jim. I think we really have to take a step back and we really need to look at this from a perspective of project-by-project and the revenue opportunity is going to vary a lot depending on the technology and the scope that we're actually playing with on the project. So the type of compression, the driver equipment it's going to really dictate what the revenue potential is, are we using a large heavy duty gas turbine and electric motor or so. I think as we go through this from a revenue opportunity perspective. We've got to go scope by scope on each of the projects, that's the best way to do this. It's a wide range as you go through and you actually look project-by-project.
James Wicklund: Okay and does the - I mean when we're trying to model this, is it both the equipment and the follow-on service and I know the service has a great tail and that's always been a fabulous part of GE. But how soon I guess just the service component part really kick in, you guys have talked about awards and work done last year that the service starts to kick in. I just wondered what kind of delay are we looking at generally on some of these projects before service revenues really start to ramp up.
Lorenzo Simonelli: Yes, Jim when the projects are commissioned you get a little bit there around installation and some initial spares provisioning, but you start to see material service work really come in and three to four-year range again depending on the type of equipment, depending on the size of the project and where it's actually operating. So there is a lag there like I said earlier and it tends to be three to four years and then there are other cycles that are spread out over the 15 to 20-year life of the contract, so that's a rough guide.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of David Anderson with Barclays. Your line is now open.
David Anderson: I guess question on some of the international markets. You start to see a lot more lump-sum turnkey contracting models out there. It's not something Baker is traditionally been very active. Just wondering if you could talk about your appetite for going after this type of work and how you access the risks and opportunities for this model?
Lorenzo Simonelli: Dave as you mentioned lump-sum turnkey, LSTK. They've actually been around for a number of years and so you can go back in time and see where they've been tried before and then changes that have been applied and in Latin America right now I think you're seeing a number of activities in the Middle East and when we look at it, it's really a question of taking project-by-project and looking at the returns and that's the most important aspect here is the returns. We also think that LSTK is only one model, we think it's important that we continue to look at new innovative contractual structures that are positive for our customers and ways in which we can work with them in looking at what we've discussed with applying potential leasing, potential other services and that's the way in which as the industry continues to evolves there's going to be different models that come through.
Brian Worrell: Dave, if I look at - I think we've got the capability in house to execute on LSTK projects. We understand the history both within Baker and within some of the competitors who have a larger portfolio of that. But we think that the model needs to change and we think the customers understand that just given the history here. But we think we've got the capabilities and the one thing that I want to make sure you understand is it, we'll be selective and we're going to balance the risk and reward here to make sure that we retrieve adequate returns for the company, if we're taking on incremental risk.
David Anderson: Brian, what do you mean by that, that the model needs to change? What did you mean by that?
Brian Worrell: Look I think if you look at some of the historical performance here, there have been things in place that have not made it beneficial for the customer and there have been some that have been loss making here and I think sitting down with the customer and looking at the contractual nature, how we interact, how we work together. Things that are dependent upon them to make the contract work. I think constructed dialogues there and how you contract and how you operate on a daily basis, is what I'm talking about there. So it's got to be a much more collaborative relationship and I think key customers understand that.
Operator: Thank you. And our last question for today comes from the line of Chase Mulvehill with Wolfe Research. Your line is now open.
Chase Mulvehill: Lorenzo a question for you when we think about the potential of full separation Baker Hughes from GE, from a strategic and operational standpoint, what are you doing or what needs to be done to prepare for this potential full separation?
Lorenzo Simonelli: Chase, good to hear from you. Look as you know - The GE, CFO early on this year restated at a conference that there is nothing anticipated from GE at this stage and we have everything in place with regards to running the business and we're committed to what matters most delivering for our customers and for our shareholders. We've got the majority of the value creation opportunity is within our control, BHGE. So we're going through the aspects of integration, we've got the synergies in place and we feel good about we have in hand what we need going forward.
Chase Mulvehill: Okay, all right. That's helpful color. I guess turning to the subsea market a little bit. How do you see the subsea market evolving over the next few years? Do you see more of your customers requesting kind of more integrated model and then maybe comment what you're seeing in the market today on pricing?
Lorenzo Simonelli: So I think it's still an open area for discussion. We're clearly seeing some increased activity and also different models that are being applied, you've seen the recent wins that we've also indicated. We do think that the offshore market and subsea deepwater is necessary from an industry segment perspective in the long-term and so pricing remains challenging and we're looking at different models and I think it's going to be playing out over the course of next 12 to 18 months.
Operator: Thank you and that does conclude today's Q&A session and I would like to return the call to Mr. Lorenzo Simonelli for any closing remarks.
Lorenzo Simonelli: Thanks a lot. Thanks everybody for joining us. I just wanted to mention this is the third quarter as BHGE and we're making great progress on all the strategic priorities that we've laid out. We've mentioned the share; we've mentioned the margin and also returning the cash generation and cash to our shareholders. The environment is positive. We see some tailwinds and we're remaining focused on our key priorities. I also want to give a shout out to all the employees all the hard work that they've endured during the integration. We're making good progress and thanks for joining us today.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen. Thank you for participating in today's conference. This does conclude the program and you may all disconnect. Everyone have a great day.

===== 2017 Q4  (2018-01-24 10:26:00) =====
Executives: Lorenzo Simonelli - Chairman and CEO Brian Worrell - CFO Phil Mueller - VP of IR
Analysts: James West - Evercore ISI Angeline Sedita - UBS Jud Bailey - Wells Fargo David Anderson - Barclays Scott Gruber - Citigroup James Wicklund - Credit Suisse
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Baker Hughes, a GE company Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2017 Earnings Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions will follow at that time. [Operator Instructions]. And as a reminder, this conference call is being recorded. I would now like to introduce your host for today's conference, Mr. Phil Mueller, Vice President of Investor Relations. Sir, you may begin.
Phil Mueller: Thank you, Sandra. Good morning everyone and welcome to the Baker Hughes, a GE company fourth quarter and total year 2017 earnings conference call. Here with me today are our Chairman and CEO, Lorenzo Simonelli; and our CFO, Brian Worrell. Today's presentation and the earnings release that was issued earlier today can be found on our Web site at bhge.com. As a reminder, during the course of this conference call, we will provide predictions, forecasts, and other forward-looking statements. Although they reflect our current expectations, these statements are not guarantees of future performance and involve a number of risks and assumptions. Please review our SEC filings for a discussion of some of the factors that could cause actual results to differ materially. As you know, reconciliations of operating income and other non-GAAP to GAAP measures can be found in our earnings release and on our website at bhge.com under the Investor Relations section. Similar to last quarter, all results discussed today are on a combined business basis as if the transaction closed on January 1, 2016. With that, I will turn the call over to Lorenzo.
Lorenzo Simonelli: Thank you, Phil. Good morning everyone and thanks for joining us today. On the call today I will give a brief overview of our results in the fourth quarter and total year. Then I will share our perspectives on the market dynamics in our operating segments and highlight some of our key achievements in the quarter. Finally, I will give you some perspective on how we see the market developing into 2018 and explain how our strategy is aligned to those developments. Brian will then review our financial results in more detail before we open the call for questions. Beginning with the fourth quarter, we delivered $5.8 billion in orders and $5.8 billion in revenues. We saw growth in our shorter-cycle businesses and declines in our longer-cycle businesses as expected versus the prior year. Adjusted operating income in the quarter was $303 million. We continue to see improved margin performance in our Oilfield Services business partially offset by challenges in our long-cycle businesses. Operating cash performance in the quarter was strong. We made progress on the improvements we discussed with you on the third quarter earnings call, while we ended the factoring program. Earnings per share for the quarter were negative $0.07 and adjusted EPS was $0.15. In the fourth quarter, our teams continued to execute on our integration plan. We delivered 81 million of synergies in the quarter. In the second half of 2017, we realized a total of $119 million of synergies. Our synergy target of $700 million in 2018 remains on track. We are focused on the priorities we laid out growing market share, improving margins and delivering better cash generation. One of the immediate focus areas was to review our balance sheet and optimize our capital structure. Significant progress was made in the fourth quarter as we increased our quarterly dividend to $0.18 per share, announced a 3 billion share buyback authorization and issued 3.95 billion in senior notes. I want to thank all of our employees for their hard work and the progress we made during the first seven months as BHGE. Moving to our 2017 total year results, orders were $22 billion. Orders in Turbomachinery were slightly up versus 2016 despite the continued lack of new LNG projects, while the Digital Solutions and also the Equipment businesses grew orders substantially. In 2017, we delivered revenues of $21.9 billion and adjusted operating income grew significantly to $1 billion. Despite continued market headwinds in 2017, we maintained our commitment to invest in research and development as technology and innovation remain core to our strategy. We invested approximately 600 million in R&D in 2017. BHGEs efforts in 2017 resulted in over 680 U.S. patent grants and over 214 new product launches. On HSE, we continued to drive a strong culture of safety for our employees, our customers and everyone involved in our operations. Since the implementation of the Perfect HSE Day program on July 3rd, we achieved over 70 perfect HSE days and we had over 130 perfect HSE days in total year 2017, a fantastic achievement for the BHGE team. As you know, GE is evaluating exit options for its stake in our company. While GE reviews its position we remain fully committed to what matters the most, delivering for our customers and for our shareholders. We are well positioned for any change ahead, as we already operate independently with a strong governance structure in place. We are focused on our execution and on delivering the synergies from the merger of our two companies. As I stated earlier, our synergy targets remain intact with only a minor portion of the savings tied to the direct GE involvement. Now let me give you some more specific highlights of our reporting segments in the fourth quarter. In our Oilfield Services segment, we saw solid growth driven by our well construction and production business lines in North America, the Middle East and Latin America. All product lines grew in North America, despite the rig count being down 2.5% versus third quarter. International activity in the Oilfield Services remains muted with some pockets of healthy activity. Asia Pacific rig count saw an increase in the fourth quarter after having been flat much of the year, while Latin America increased steadily through the quarter. The Middle East was mostly flat for the year as rig count growth in Iraq and UAE offset declines in other markets. As you know, our focus is to increase market share in the critical regions of North America and the Middle East, leveraging our strength in drilling services, bits, completions and artificial lift. With that in mind, the Permian remains a key basin for us as rig count there continues to grow. In the fourth quarter, we secured several notable wins in the Permian as our drilling services product line was active on 55% more rigs than in prior quarter, delivering best-in-class wells across the basin. Our advanced drilling portfolio enables faster, longer and more reliable drilling in the Permians complex geology and harsh drilling environment leading to improved drilling economics for our customers. Our AutoTrak Curve rotary steerable system continues to achieve record drilling performance for major customers across the basin. In the Middle East, our team had another strong quarter. Our drilling services product line outpaced rig count and completions grew 19%. Further, in the Middle East we were awarded a three-year well construction contract. We will provide underbalanced and coiled tubing drilling bottom hole assemblies, fluids, pumping equipment, intervention services, and operation support for our workover gas wells. This award underpins our leadership position in the market. We strengthened our position in the artificial lift segment securing a number of contracts in Iraq. One such contract is to supply ESPs, completion equipment and wellheads in a large field in the country by displacing a competitor and another is a sole supplier contract for a different significant field in Iraq. Both opportunities position us to deliver high growth in that country. In addition to our core well construction businesses, we continue to leverage our broad portfolio to gain traction in key markets. In the quarter, we secured 150 well contracts in Thailand to provide turnkey offshore plug and abandon services with our leading Mastiff rigless intervention system. The award is an important reference which can expand into other geographies like the North Sea. In our Oilfield Equipment segment, the subsea market continues to be challenging with low activity levels and challenging pricing. We expect tree awards to continue to grow in 2018, though at a slower rate than in 2017 and with the totals still more than 50% below prior cycle peaks. As the short-term outlook for the segment remains challenging, we are positioning the business for the future. For the last three years, while taking structural costs out of the business, we have been focused on introducing new technology that significantly lowers the total development cost of subsea fields. All of these actions better position our OFE business and we will have a lower cost and more integrated solutions that will help us grow market share and expand margins. For example, in 2018, we will launch our next-generation horizontal subsea tree which will lower weight by approximately 40% and total costs by approximately 50% compared to conventional tree with similar functionality. We are also commercializing new composite technology in our flexible right [ph] portfolio that reduces cost, weight, installation time and will improve CO2 performance beyond conventional designs. Another area of innovation is our modular compact subsea pump technology that is significantly smaller and easier to deploy in brownfield developments on existing infrastructure. This has the potential to improve well performance at a minimal cost. These product and solution cost-out efforts in combination with our ability to develop local content plus financing capabilities are critical and proving effective with customers. In November, we announced an agreement for an integrated project in the Cambo field in the North Sea with Siccar Point Energy. BHGE is the exclusive provider for the appraisal well and early production phase of the project and can extend into the full field development. We were selected because of our integrated and differentiated portfolio, a great example of the strength of the combined offering we bring to the market. In our Turbomachinery segment, end markets remain mixed. The on- and offshore production spaces are improving in some regions. New LNG activity is muted as the market remains oversupplied and downstream continues to grow as refinery utilization increases and petrochemical demand rises. 2017 was a challenging year for Turbomachinery. The equipment margin was impacted by a shift from higher margin backlog to lower margin downstream backlog. Transactional services remained low. We expect these dynamics to continue in the medium team. We are taking determined actions to address this situation. We are reviewing the business cost footprint and we are aggressively pursuing opportunities to expand in underpenetrated markets such as the industrial space while the LNG market recovers. We feel good about the strategic positioning of the business for the longer term and our technology offering on the segment remains unmatched. We had another strong quarter in the Middle East where we continued to expand our position. As previously announced, we signed an agreement for the Halfaya oilfield in Iraq. This deal represents our largest turbomachinery award with PetroChina. We also received a large contract for the drive enhanced production at the Haradh and Hawiyah gas fields. We will supply 27 high-efficiency gas compression trains consisting of compressors, gearboxes, electric motors and loop oil systems delivering increased operational efficiency to our customer. As I mentioned last quarter, we have continued our technology focus on the development of the sub-20 megawatt NovaLT family of equipment. In this quarter, we have achieved another milestone. We sold the first-ever offshore NovaLT16 gas turbine driven compressor for a project in Vietnam. Our technology provides a highly efficient solution with the best-in-class availability and reliability while reducing operating costs. Projects in the petrochemical market are moving forward driven by healthy demand and cost advantage supply. We were awarded a contract to provide an LM6000-PF+ aeroderivative generator for an FLNG complex in Korea, a global first for the petrochemical industry. The LM6000-PF+ offers the best-in-cost per kilowatt in its power class while delivering high reliability for its compact design. This award is a result of close collaboration with our customer and our unit technology offering. In our Digital Solutions segment, we see continued growth for our measurement and controls product lines as well as our advanced data-driven digital offerings. Customers are eager to explore the opportunity to unlock value and drive productivity through better connectivity. The combination of our sophisticated center hardware technologies paired with enterprise class software products and industrial analytics is proving to be a winning formula for customers. We see increased demand in most end markets, offset by a decline in power generation. In the fourth quarter, we saw particular success in the industrial, automotive and aerospace sectors. Our measurement and sensing business had a great quarter, growing orders more than 20%. The product line secured a first-of-a-kind performance-based long-term service agreement for ultrasonic flow meters with an important customer in the Middle East. With close customer collaboration, this deal ensures high levels of availability across the significant installed base to improve the customers upstream production. In the quarter, we successfully completed the first field installation of IntelliStream with a North-America based customer. IntelliStream provides analytic-driven insights and continuous learning to optimize production and reduce non-productive time in a single system. Lets now turn to 2018. Our outlook remains positive. Early indications of customer capital spending are encouraging, particularly for our short-cycle businesses. The recent strength in commodity price has underscored this view. However, we do expect markets for our long-cycle businesses to continue to lag. We expect strength in our Oilfield Services business driven by a well construction product line and increased completions activity as operators worked down to drill but uncompleted well inventory in North America. International activity remains stable and we are seeing signs of activity increase both in volume and size of tenders for new work as customers feel more confident about their operating costs and commodity price stability. The subsea market continues to be challenging and activity remains low with prices continuing to be pressured. We expect activity in the LNG space to gain traction through 2018, as customers positioned to make decisions on new capacity coming on line from 2022 onwards. Looking at 2018 and beyond, its clear that coming out of the most recent downturn, the market and our customers expectations have structurally changed. Oil and gas service providers have and will continue to look at ways of improving efficiency and cost for customers, regardless of where the price of oil and gas may move. We are leveraging our unique portfolio of products and services to comprehensively reduce product and service costs, while improving equipment efficiency and reliability to significantly lower project breakeven costs. We are creating value through integrated and differentiated equipment and service modules that will improve our customers total cost of projects and operations which we are already seeing with the projects such as Siccar Point. We are developing full stream solutions in areas such as gas and subsea that our outcome based and redefine how these solutions are delivered today. This strategy improves industrial yield for our customers, meaning lower cost, improved efficiency, less nonproductive time and more throughput. Delivering on this strategy will help our customers meet their goals and in turn help BHGE grow market share, expand our margins and generate strong cash flows. With that, let me turn the call over to Brian.
Brian Worrell: Thanks, Lorenzo. I'll begin with the total company results and then move into the segment details. Orders were 5.8 billion for the quarter, up 1% sequentially and down 2% year-over-year. Quarter-over-quarter, Turbomachinery orders increased 23% and Oilfield Services increased 5%. The growth was partially offset by Oilfield Equipment and Digital Solutions. Year-over-year, our shorter-cycle businesses of Oilfield Services and Digital Solutions grew orders but were offset by declines in our longer-cycle businesses of Turbomachinery and Oilfield Equipment as we anticipated. Total year 2017 orders were 22 billion, up 4% versus 2016. We grew orders in every segment. Backlog for the quarter ended at 21 billion, up 116 million versus last quarter. The growth in backlog was driven by services which ended at 15.7 billion, up 460 million or 3% with long-term service agreements in Turbomachinery driving the increase. Equipment backlog ended at 5.4 billion, down 345 million. Our equipment book-to-bill dropped below 1 within the quarter on lower equipment orders in both Oilfield Equipment and Turbomachinery. Revenue for the quarter was 5.8 billion, up 7% sequentially and all segments grew. Year-over-year, revenue was down 3% as our shorter-cycle businesses grew more than offset by declines in Oilfield Equipment and Turbomachinery. Revenue for the year was 21.9 billion, down 5% versus 2016. Our Oilfield Equipment and Turbomachinery segments experienced lower revenue as a result of lower 2015 and 2016 equipment order intake which impacted their opening backlog. Revenue in Oilfield Services was up 1%. Adjusting for BHGE services in our 2016 results, revenue in OFS was up 4%. Operating loss for the quarter was 92 million. On an adjusted basis, operating income was 303 million which excludes restructuring, impairment and other charges of 395 million incurred primarily on continued execution of restructuring projects to capture synergies as well as merger and integration-related costs. In addition, we had two items related to customers in Latin America that resulted in a net $29 million expense. This was also excluded from adjusted operating earnings. Given the current situation in Venezuela, we reserve for our receivables and specific inventory in the country. This charge was partially offset by the release of receivables reserves related to accounts in Ecuador on which we collected a significant amount in the quarter. Adjusted operating income was up 26% sequentially. All segments were up, excluding Turbomachinery. In the quarter, depreciation and amortization expense was 425 million. The increase versus the third quarter was primarily driven by purchase accounting. Year-over-year, adjusted operating income was down 16% driven by Turbomachinery and Oilfield Equipment, partially offset by Oilfield Services. Total year adjusted operating income was 1 billion, up 69%. This was driven by Oilfield Services which was up significantly due to increased volume and cost out, partially offset by declines in our Oilfield Equipment and Turbomachinery segments as lower volume and mix negatively impacted their cost leverage. Next on taxes, I will first cover the fourth quarter dynamics and then give you an update on how U.S. tax reform will impact us. In the fourth quarter, we had a tax credit of 51 million which includes a 132 million one-time positive impact driven by the new tax legislation in the U.S. This impact has been excluded from our adjusted EPS this quarter. Excluding this item, tax expense on our operations was 81 million. U.S. tax reform drove quite a bit of activity. With the corporate tax rate reducing 35% to 21%, we have revalued our deferred tax assets, valuation allowances and liabilities at this new rate. This resulted in the 132 million impact I mentioned earlier. Another new element is the transition tax on our non-U.S. retained earnings and cash. In the fourth quarter, the transition tax charge was 271 million. The impact of this charge was offset by foreign tax credits, which we generated in the quarter. As you recall, we had laid out some significant tax synergies from the merger. By repatriating certain foreign earnings in October, we were able to deliver on these synergies well ahead of our original plan. The last major area of tax reform is the territorial system which theoretically exempts non-U.S. earnings from U.S. income tax. This piece of the new law is a net positive for us as we should be able to more freely move cash throughout the world to manage our liquidity profile. The U.S. legislation is quite new, so we have recorded our best estimate to-date but this could change. We think our structural rate going forward should be in the low to mid-20% range. Ill update you as we know more. Moving down the income statement, loss per share for the quarter was $0.07 on an adjusted basis, earnings per share was $0.15. Free cash flow in the quarter was negative 367 million. Included in this amount is 152 million of net capital expenditures, 103 million of restructuring-related payments as well as 1.2 billion of negative impact from ending our receivables monetization program. Considering the monetization impact in restructuring, we delivered a strong operational cash flow quarter. Receivables, excluding the one-time impact from factoring, as well as inventory and payables, all generated cash. We have made significant progress on implementing better processes as we discussed on the third quarter earnings call. Theres more work to do but we believe this is a good starting point for 2018 free cash flow. Ending the factoring program was the right decision and will allow us to save on interest costs and improve operating cash flow performance in 2018. We expect to collect over 75% of the receivables we didnt factor in the first quarter and for this not to impact 23018. As Lorenzo mentioned, we raised 3.95 billion of debt within the quarter as part of our capital allocation actions and began executing on our 3 billion share buyback authorization. The debt issuance should effectively be cash flow neutral with the savings we expect from ending monetization, refinancing 0.8 billion of existing debt and lowering our dividend outflows through our share buybacks. Overall, we think this was a great move for the company. Next, Ill walk you through the segment results. In Oilfield Services, market conditions were relatively flat as the rig count in North America was down 2.5% with some volatility throughout the quarter. Both spudded wells and completed wells in North America declined in the quarter, but with strong commodity price performance in the fourth quarter and through the early days of 2018, we expect a more favorable market going forward. Revenues of 2.8 billion were up 5% sequentially, driven by double-digit growth in completions and strong performances in our artificial lift and drilling services product lines. Regionally, we increased revenue in the Middle East, Latin America, Asia Pacific and North America. Revenues for North America were 1.1 billion, up 4% sequentially as all product lines grew. We saw particular strength in our drilling services product line. Internationally, revenue was 1.7 billion, up 6% sequentially driven by strong performance in the completions product line particularly in Saudi Arabia and Algeria as well as solid growth in drilling services in the broader Middle East region and Asia Pacific. Operating income was 113 million, up 49% sequentially, driven by our progress on synergies and cost out programs as well as higher volume, partially offset by a $14 million increase in D&A due to purchase accounting adjustments. Completions, drilling services and artificial lift generated strong incremental margins in the quarter. We expect the business to grow in 2018 with typical seasonality as we execute on our plan to increase share in the North America and Middle East markets and further strengthen our drilling services, bits, completions and artificial lift product lines. Market dynamics remain favorable for us as well complexity continues to increase and operators shift more to completions mode in North America. As we exit through our synergy programs, we expect to see solid incremental margin performance. Next on Oilfield Equipment, the business executed well this quarter but continues to operate in a difficult environment. As Lorenzo mentioned, we continue to view the offshore market as challenging in the near term. OFE orders in the quarter were 561 million, down 27% versus last year broadly in line with our expectations. Equipment orders were down 42% primarily due to the timing of some orders in flexible pipe systems. This decline was partially offset by our subsea production systems business gaining incremental volume on existing agreements in Australia and Sub-Saharan Africa. Service orders were up 21% year-over-year driven by increased demand for surface wellhead spears. Revenue was 672 million, down 21% versus the prior year. This was driven by lower subsea production systems, equipment deliveries and installations as well as continued market softness in our rig drilling systems business. As mentioned previously, we expect revenue growth in 2018 as the large equipment orders we won in 2017 begin to convert into revenue. Operating income was 29%, down 78% year-over-year. This was driven by continued volume and pricing pressure and negative cost leverage. Sequentially, OFE operating income grew 72 million driven by year-end volume growth, better cost productivity as we closed some long-term projects and the non-repeat of the 30 million negative FX impact we incurred in the third quarter. Overall, the OFE business will continue to be challenged into the first quarter as we expect lower volume. We expect to see positive momentum as we progress to 2018. We remain focused on positioning this business for the future. Moving to Turbomachinery, overall the results were below our expectations. We continue to work to lower margin equipment backlog and volume. We had anticipated higher service volume to partially offset these dynamics, but activity remained muted. Orders in the quarter were 1.7 billion, down 8% year-over-year. Our orders performance was broadly in line with our expectations. We saw some push-outs on larger equipment deals. Total year orders were 6.2 billion, up 2% versus 2016. Turbomachinery services backlog ended the year at 13.5 billion, up 0.5 billion versus the third quarter and the margin rate on this remained strong. Revenue for the quarter of 1.6 billion was down 14% versus the prior year driven by the lower equipment backlog and services activity. Operating income of 146 million was down 53%. This was driven primarily by lower volume which drove lower cost absorption and productivity versus the fourth quarter of 2016. Looking forward to 2018, while the business continues to be very well positioned for an improving market environment, we expect the first half to be challenging with lower services volume driven by the maintenance schedules of our customers. We expect TPS margin rates to be at or around 4Q '17 levels in the medium term. Rod and the team have an aggressive cost-out plan to offset some of these short-term dynamics, we expect sequential improvements to our margin rate as we progress into second half of 2018 when business mix improves and our cost actions yield results. Next on Digital Solutions. We see some early signs of recovery in the oil and gas end market and other markets like aviation and automation remain strong. Major project investments, however, remain muted especially in our second largest market, power generation. In the quarter, Digital Solutions orders were 694 million, up 1% year-over-year driven by strong performance in our measurement and sensing product lines, partially offset by software demand for our controls products and power gen. We continue to see a slowdown in large EPC projects in the Middle East and Europe, partially offset by strength in China. Sequentially, orders were down 24%. Excluding the large digital order we booked in the third quarter, orders were up 12%. Revenue for the segment was 695 million, up 4% year-over-year. We saw growth in our inspection technology and condition monitoring businesses, as we executed through a strong opening backlog which was slightly offset by headwinds in our measurement and sensing and controls product lines. Operating income was 107 million, up 1% year-over-year driven by strong cost execution offset by product mix as we continue to penetrate industrial and other non-oil and gas markets. Sequentially, operating income grew 20 million driven by seasonal year-end volume growth, improved cost productivity and some positive mix. Overall, we expect the Digital Solutions business to follow its typical seasonal profile in the first quarter driven by customer spending behavior and product mix, which will lead to a buy-in [ph] decline sequentially. We expect continued top line growth and margin expansion into 2018 as we execute further cost reductions and benefit from synergies in combining our pipeline inspection businesses. Lorenzo, with that, Ill turn it back over to you.
Lorenzo Simonelli: Thanks, Brian. Overall, weve made a lot of progress in the quarter. Im encouraged by the results in our Oilfield Services business and our operational cash flow generation. Weve made tremendous progress on our capital allocation priorities in the fourth quarter. We continue to position the company for further growth and profitability and we are focused on executing to deliver on our commitments on growth, margins and cash. Phil, now over to you for questions.
Phil Mueller: Thanks. With that, Sandra, let's open up the call for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Our first question comes from the line of James West with Evercore. Your line is now open.
James West: Thanks. Good morning, guys.
Lorenzo Simonelli: Hi, James.
Brian Worrell: Good morning.
James West: Lorenzo, I want to go ahead and kind of hit the elephant in the room head on, if you will, the GE ownership interest in Baker Hughes. Could you remind us what their options are in terms of exiting the ownership of BHGE? And then more importantly, could you talk more about what changes if and when GE exits their ownership position, especially given the contracted agreement that you have in place that already envision some sell-down at some point?
Lorenzo Simonelli: James, thanks for the question and good to hear from you. As you stated, GE announced a strategic review of its position of BHGE which remains ongoing. So from that standpoint well keep you updated as we hear more. There is contractually a two-year lock-up that you know and thats in place. What I can assure you is that I run a strong independent company with a focus on executing our strategy for the benefit of our customers and all of our shareholders. The synergies remain on track; 700 million for 2018 and the majority of the value creation is within our control and we feel very good about that. So the dependence from a GE perspective to achieve those is minimal. Weve got a strong governance and operating model in place and were well positioned to execute and deliver our commitments to shareholders in any structure going forward. So I think at this stage really its  well keep you informed as we hear more.
James West: And then Lorenzo, I believe and correct me if Im wrong here, but I believe even as they  if and when they exit, there are certain contracts that still allow you some of the access to say the GE store or things like that for a certain number of years. Is that correct? And so there would be  I recognize the synergies are all within your control but some of the other maybe somewhat benefits would still be in place?
Lorenzo Simonelli: Yes, James, that is very much correct. And in fact when we created BHGE, we ensured that we had the capability to access technology from General Electric and that would be ongoing irrespective of the relationship and the ownership structure. So weve got commercial arrangements in place.
James West: Okay, perfect. Thanks, Lorenzo.
Lorenzo Simonelli: Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Angie Sedita with UBS. Your line is now open.
Angeline Sedita: Thanks. Good morning, guys.
Lorenzo Simonelli: Hi, Angie.
Brian Worrell: Hi, Angie.
Angeline Sedita: Hi. So really impressive quarter on Q4 as far as cash flow generation. Maybe you could talk a little bit about cash generation in 2018 and update us again on the uses of cash going into the year?
Lorenzo Simonelli: Yes, Angie, maybe just to kick it off and then Ill pass it over to Brian to give you some of the details, because Im really pleased by the way in which the team performed in fourth quarter. We continue to see improvements in the focus from an operational standpoint. We indicated in the last call that we would start undertaking process improvement and weve seen those start to come through. And we retain very much our stated capital allocation of returning 40% to 50% of net income to shareholders. With that, Ill pass it over to Brian to give some more details.
Brian Worrell: Yes, Angie, after the strong fourth quarter taking a look at 2018, the first thing is we expect higher net income just given what were seeing in the marketplace and more importantly the synergies which are very positive for overall free cash flow performance. We talked about a lot of the operating changes that we were going to be putting in place here in the fourth quarter and while Im pleased with the performance there, we still got more work to do. So we are anticipating continued improvement in working capital, specifically in accounts receivable as well as inventory. So working capital should also be positive as we look at 2018. And then the other big area is really around merger and integration costs and the cash associated with those. Those have come down this quarter and will continue to go down through the first half of 2018 and throughout the year, so they should be significantly lower. We are continuing to invest in high return restructuring projects and we expect that cash flow impact to continue through 2018, although tapering off as we work through the year. So overall, we expect much better free cash flow performance in 2018.
Angeline Sedita: Great. Thats very helpful. And then for Oilfield Services and Equipment, you had a nice move at the top line for both businesses in Q4. Can you talk a little bit about the traction youre seeing in recapturing market share there? And then also for '18, the pricing outlook for both those businesses, particularly for subsea.
Lorenzo Simonelli: Yes, Angie, maybe to start off with Oilfield Services and as you know, one of our key aspects has been regaining market share within North America and also within the Middle East. And weve seen now two straight quarters where weve been able to increase revenue in our core Oilfield Services product lines and have outpaced rig count. So we feel were performing well in those key basins in North America and winning back some critical work internationally, particularly with the Middle East. Weve still got work to do. We feel that theres a good outlook going forward on the Oilfield Services side, especially as you look at North America with the price that you have in place of WTI and the activity levels continuing to be strong. So were looking to see encouraging revenue as we go forward there. On the OFE side just to highlight there, again we mentioned that the outlook on the offshore and deepwater remains challenging with some of the projects that have been pushed. Weve got Brent that is favorable at above $70 on base. So we do think the tree count will be up in 2018 but the rate of the increase will still be lower than what we saw in 2017. Thats still off the highs of the peak. So well start to see some of those projects come through in the back half.
Angeline Sedita: Thanks. And then maybe a little bit of color on the pricing and then Ill turn it over.
Brian Worrell: Yes, Angie, if you take a look at pricing, while there certainly were some signs of stabilization in some product lines and in some basins, I havent seen really any big price movements even through weve seen the commodity strength here in the last month or so. So as you know, the international market has been flat and is pretty tight and a lot of that business is on contracts and some of the pricing is already laid in there. But Id say in general this is probably one of the best markets weve seen in the last few years in the Oilfield Services base that we feel positive about where this is going to go. But I think pricing is going to lag the overall commodity price increases. But something were paying attention to and something were actively working.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Jud Bailey with Wells Fargo. Your line is now open.
Jud Bailey: Thank you. Good morning. A question if I could on TPS. Lorenzo, you talked a little bit about it, but could you maybe help us think about the order outlook in 2018? You referenced maybe trying to exploit some opportunities on the industrial side and of course LNG provides you a good optionality. Is it fair to think about order growth, I dont know, in the 10% to 15% range or could it be higher than that? Could you just maybe help us think about the moving pieces for orders for TPS this year?
Lorenzo Simonelli: Yes, maybe just to breakdown a little bit of TPS, because as Brian mentioned as well and I did, 2017 clearly was challenging with what we saw in TPS the equipment margin being impacted with the shift from the higher margin backlog to the lower margin downstream and transactional services remaining low. As we look at 2018, the business continues to be well positioned as the market improves. And as you mentioned, were looking to other sectors such as the industrial with our new platform of the NovaLT gaining entry and being able to get a position there as we start to see LNG then pick up in the second half. So it will be tough in the first half but with a recovery in the second half and we think we got a great positioning overall when you look at TPS. Included in there is obviously a strong services backlog of 13.5 billion. So overall, high single digit from an orders perspective as you look at the total year from 2018 with some of the LNG starting to come back in the second half. And longer term, nothings changed here. This is a great solid business. Weve got a great industry-leading franchise within TPS as the LNG market comes back and we continue to penetrate the other segments.
Jud Bailey: Okay. Thanks for that. And then my follow up would be on TPS margins. I think Brian referenced first half of the year in line with 4Q. I just want to clarify two things. One, does that contemplate the restatement that was referenced in the fourth quarter in terms of new accounting for the long-term service agreement? And then also as you kind of execute on some of these cost initiatives, is it fair to think about the back half of the year rising 2 to 3 basis points. Is that a realistic goal based on what you think you can do on the cost side?
Brian Worrell: Yes, if you look at what I had said about the margin rates, I did for ease include the impact of the change to the 606 new rev rec standard. And just taking a step back and looking at that, I just wanted to remind folks here that what that new rev rec standard does is it just basically impacts the timing of revenue recognition and productivity that we drive in these long-term service agreements. It basically takes them from a retrospective view to prospective only, so it doesnt change the economics of the contract. There are still incredibly profitable. Our billing milestones for customers dont change. So it really doesnt change the cash flow either, but it did include that in the short-term margin rate outlook for you there. If you take a look at the second half of the year, I think your spot on here in terms of the cost-out initiatives that weve laid in. Youll start to see them impact more dramatically in the second half. The other thing that you have is the lower margin equipment backlog, as I said in the third quarter call and Ill reiterate here, that winds down really to the first half and turns in the second half. So the tailwinds are definitely greater than the headwinds as you move into the second half and start to see the sequential margin improvement in TPS.
Jud Bailey: Okay, great. I appreciate the color. Ill turn it back. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of David Anderson with Barclays. Your line is now open.
David Anderson: Great. Thanks and good morning. A question on the services side. For your North America business, your product mix is quite a bit different than your larger peers, so maybe a couple of questions around there. Artificial lift in kind of production side has always been kind of a key part here. You have the rod lift and the ESPs. You can [indiscernible] life of well solution. Can you talk about how successful youve been in kind of implementing that kind of life of well solution? Is there a pushback from customers? How do you see this progressing over the next few years please?
Lorenzo Simonelli: Dave, good to hear from you and Ill kick it off and then pass it on to Brian. Look, were seeing the strategy within OFS play out as we anticipated. So as you mentioned, we do have a different portfolio than our competitors. We do not have the pressure pumping focus. And so when we look at our different product lines and service lines, we feel good about the fact that were outpacing the rig count. Again, you saw revenue growth in all of the product lines within the fourth quarter. And in particular when you look at the life of field concept, you look at the introduction of full stream and  look, full stream isnt just trying to sell everything. Its associating the different product lines and services capabilities we have such as linkage of the rod lift or ESP with some of the digital capabilities that we have within digital solutions. I referenced the first IntelliStream that we actually introduced to a North America customer. Those are providing better outcomes for our customers, driving better cost per barrel equation and thats really what were looking to do going forward. So its an early start but we feel good about where were headed on the introduction.
David Anderson: So Lorenzo along those same lines, another core strength here is on the completion side. You highlight a number of new technology, new products in your release today. Can you talk about kind of what your customers are asking from Baker Hughes? Is it around kind of efficiencies around pad drilling, is it on higher IP rates, is it something else? What are you getting pulled into these days? What are they asking Baker Hughes to provide you?
Lorenzo Simonelli: Look, if you think about ultimately the customers what theyre worried about is the total cost equation both from the CapEx perspective of undertaking the project initially and then also the operating costs. So from BHGE they see a company that has the opportunity to really drive non-productive time down within the OpEx. Were also able to look at it from a capital expenditure perspective the way in which we design the project. On the OFE side the new horizontal tree which is able to bring down the cost of a conventional tree by 50%. So thats really where were targeting. And the overall equation is increase production rates, be able to bring down the cost equation on cost per barrel and were having good impact and good discussions as we go forward with our customers.
David Anderson: Thanks, Lorenzo. And if you dont mind if I can just squeeze one in there for Brian here. Excluding the receivables monetization, you had a very good quarter in the free cash flow as you alluded to. In the past youve talked about getting to a 90% free cash flow conversion rate. Could you discuss some of the levers that you need to get there? Im just kind of wondering how much of that timing of that is predicated on a cyclical recovery here?
Brian Worrell: Yes. David, if you think about it, its kind of a couple of things Ive talked about with Ange. Weve got a lot of opportunity here for self-help. One is really around  as I talked about, as we drive higher net income in the synergies and increase our margin rate, thats a direct impact on free cash flow and that is a pretty high conversion net income there in terms of the cost savings that come through the synergies. The second area again Ill point back to is in working capital. While we did make some progress here in the quarter, we do have opportunities particularly in receivables and as well as in inventory to drive better performance as we drive better process enhancement, product rationalization, site rationalization and those are some side benefits of the synergies that dont necessarily come through the cost line. And then in payables if I take a look, the legacy oil and gas business was in excess of 10 days better in terms of payables versus the legacy Baker business and were starting to see some improvements there. So we think thats really a self-help story. And then finally around CapEx, we think we as a combined business are less capital intensive and what folks have typically been used to in Oilfield Services. In addition to that as we look at the integration, were focused on better fleet management, better repair turnaround time, trying to optimize our CapEx spend. And were seeing some synergies come through in that area as well. So we think weve got a lot of self help here to get to that 90% free cash flow conversion. Its not going to happen overnight, but we see a good path to get there.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Scott Gruber with Citigroup. Your line is now open.
Scott Gruber: Good morning.
Lorenzo Simonelli: Hi, Scott.
Brian Worrell: Hi, Scott.
Scott Gruber: I want to come back to the TPS margin line of inquiry, a number of moving pieces here near term. How should we think about normalized margins in that segment over the longer term?
Brian Worrell: Yes, if you take a step back and look at whats going on here just to give you a little bit of insight and that helps think of  walk you through normalized margins here. Weve got a couple of relatively short-term dynamics going on. As weve talked about it a couple of quarters now, we got a mixed headwind in the equipment backlog with the lower margin downstream focused projects. And again, I expect that to unwind here in the first half. And then wed anticipated offsetting a portion of this with services volume, but we did see that activity coming in a bit lower as we saw some push-outs, some delays in customer maintenance events and schedules. And we do anticipate that to turn as well. But with the visibility we have in both the contractual services portfolio and in the installed base thats not on contract, we dont see a lot of major outages here in the first half. So that within the services business also has a downward pressure on the mix. And then finally because we had lower volume in the quarter than we anticipated, we had a lot of productivity projects that didnt slow through to the bottom line just given that the volume was lower, it doesnt flow through to the P&L. So that should come through later as volume continues to increase. And then Rod and the team are working on a pretty strong cost-out program as we deal with these dynamics. The backlog in the equipment does get better, so you start to see that turn. So that is a positive impact as we go into  the second half of 2018. The service headwinds are really short term based on the visibility we have with outages. And while the second half of 2018 looks good, 2019 looks much better and weve gotten visibility into how that should turn. So sequentially we should get better throughout the year and 2019 should certainly be better from a margin standpoint and you should see progressive improvements here that are pretty significant.
Lorenzo Simonelli: Scott, you look at it  weve always known TPS is more of our longer-cycle business. It takes longer to recover. And as we see the other projects starting to come back with the favorable outlook within the industry, youll see that pick up. And weve really got  also the OFS business is shorter-cycle where we see the pickup straightaway.
Scott Gruber: I appreciate all the color. But as you think about the out years with the longer-cycle businesses returning, would you be happy with 15% in that business? Is it 20%? Just thinking longer term, what would you guys be happy with achieving in that business on a normalized basis?
Brian Worrell: Yes, I think long term. I dont think things have changed dramatically in the business. To Lorenzo point it does take longer to see the recovery in activity flow through the P&L. But fundamentally weve got a strong market position. We like the technology we have. Were making our cost position better and dont see a fundamental shift in the long-term profitability of this business. You have ebbs and flows within a quarter but feel pretty good about the long-term profitability and the sequential improvements over time.
Scott Gruber: Got it. And Brian, if I can sneak another one in. I may have missed it but can you just provide some color on equipment margins in 1Q and over the course of '18, how much more restructuring is possible there? Can you sustainably move that above breakeven in '18?
Brian Worrell: Okay, sure. As we mentioned, I think Neil and the team had a strong quarter here with a lot of productivity coming through as they closed out some of the projects seeing real cost savings there. If you think about it though, they are volume pressured especially in the first half of this year just given where the backlog has been and the order intake has been. And well start to see some revenue in the second half of the year coming through on the orders that we booked this year. So naturally with more volume you will see their margin rates improve. We have executed some restructuring in that business. Neil and the team are continuing to look at the cost structure. We actually think we got some synergies between OFE and OFS as we move forward that will help the business as well. But again, a similar story to TPS from a long-cycle standpoint you will see sequential improvement come through, but it does take a little bit longer for that volume improvement to have an impact on margin. So look for sequential improvement in the second half.
Lorenzo Simonelli: And again just to maybe remind you, our synergies for '18 remain very much on track. So theyre all in play.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of James Wicklund with Credit Suisse. Your line is now open.
James Wicklund: Good morning, guys.
Lorenzo Simonelli: Good morning.
James Wicklund: So far all of the big three oilfield service companies have noted that one of their primary strategic objectives if not the primary objective is to grow market share. It strikes me when the three biggest players in the sector all go after market share aggressively at the same time, something suffers and its usually price. In the Middle East youre gaining work in Iraq where some companies choose not to go or at least increased activity. Thats one way to gain market share. What are the levers that you guys have to pull that will make your market share push successful? And can pricing really go up if youre all shooting each other?
Lorenzo Simonelli: James, first of all  I think when you look at our strategy and weve mentioned the growing share, first of all were coming from the aspect. Weve got the benefit of the synergies that are coming through from a cost perspective as weve brought together the companies. So were bringing down the cost of our products and were looking for margin accretion to continue within the OFS business. Were also looking to continue to expand on the relationships we have with our existing customers and thats the benefit of bringing together the two companies. The scale and presence we have in these areas of the world were able to definitely benefit from that and that doesnt necessarily increase our cost. It actually helps us from a volume perspective. So weve seen that weve been able in North America to again outpace rig count and youve seen the margin improvement take place within the business segment. Also within the Middle East youve seen us be able to win some key awards and again that volume is over the installed base that we have. So we feel good about these key pillars that we have. I cant speak to how the competition is doing it, but we clearly are looking at margin improvement.
James Wicklund: Thats a very good answer and I appreciate that. My follow up, if I could, is still back on price. You noted that margins will go up but it will be at least in part due to the cost synergies that you can provide. What is generally and I know you guys do a ton of stuff everywhere, but generally at least in the Oilfield Services side of things and to some extent the equivalents, but I guess just really the Oilfield Services side of things, do you think international pricing will move up this year or will your benefit primarily be from reduced costs?
Lorenzo Simonelli: James, you got to look at it  internationally its really based on large tenders, so its difficult to look at it from a pricing perspective on a comparable saying whats happening price by price versus tenders. So what were really focused on is the total operating expense and what were able to provide within each tender and making sure that those margins are accretive for us.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude todays Q&A session. I would like to return the call to Mr. Lorenzo Simonelli for any further remarks.
Lorenzo Simonelli: Thanks, Sandra. I just want to thank everybody for joining today. This is really the early part of the journey. Were seven months in and Im very pleased with the progress thats being made on the integration, the coming together of the two businesses. Weve made significant progress in the fourth quarter. Youve seen the hard work by everybody on the integration front, also the capital structure. Im looking forward to 2018 and also continuing to drive the key pillars of our strategy around growth, margins and cash in an improving environment. As we look at the industry, its clearly got positive momentum and weve got an opportunity to capture that. So thanks a lot and speak to you soon.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in todays conference. This does conclude the program. You may all disconnect. Everyone, have a great day.

===== 2017 Q3  (2017-10-20 09:30:00) =====
Executives: Phil Mueller - Vice President of Investor Relations Lorenzo Simonelli - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Brian Worrell - Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: James West - Evercore ISI Jud Bailey - Wells Fargo Jim Wicklund - Credit Suisse David Anderson - Barclays
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen and welcome to the Baker Hughes, a GE Company Third Quarter 2017 Earnings Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later we will conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions will follow at that time. [Operator Instructions] And as a reminder, this conference call is being recorded. I would now like to introduce your host for today's conference, Mr. Phil Mueller, Vice President of Investor Relations. Sir, you may begin.
Phil Mueller: Thank you, Sandra. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to the Baker Hughes, a GE Company third quarter 2017 earnings conference call. Here with me today are our Chairman and CEO, Lorenzo Simonelli, and our CFO, Brian Worrell. Today's presentation and the earnings release that was issued earlier today can be found on our website at bhge.com. As a reminder, during the course of this conference call, we will provide predictions, forecasts, and other forward-looking statements. Although they reflect our current expectations, these statements are not guarantees of future performance and involve a number of risks and assumptions. We advise you to review our SEC filings for a discussion of some of the factors that could cause actual results to differ materially. In addition, we believe that using additional non-GAAP financial measures on a combined business basis will enhance the evaluation of the profitability of the company and its ongoing operations. Also, reconciliations of operating income and other non-GAAP measures to GAAP results can be found in our earnings release and on our website at bhge.com under the Investor Relations section. Because this is the first quarter of operation following our merger, we have prepared financial statements on a combined business basis as if the merger had been completed on January 1, 2016. All prior year and quarter comparisons are to these combined business results. With that, I'll turn the call over to Lorenzo Simonelli.
Lorenzo Simonelli: Thank you, Phil. Good morning everyone and thanks for joining us today. Before we begin with the quarter results, I would like to thank our team for what we've achieved in our first 90 days as a combined company. As we said, this will be a journey. Our current focus is on understanding and improving our core operations as we integrate. I'm particularly impressed with the progress and the speed of the integration since the creation of Baker Hughes, a GE Company on July 3. The combined business was fully operational on day one. Thanks to the very detailed preparation and planning prior to closing. I'm more convinced than ever that the creation of BHGE combine the right companies at the right time. Customer feedback continues to be very positive and we're having constructive discussions about how our capabilities can improve project economics. In this sustained low commodity price environment, the need to drive productivity is critical for our customers. Our new company has taken its first steps and our message of partnership along the value chain is clearly resonating. From upstream to downstream, we provide our customers a broad offering of solutions. We're also driving a culture of safety for our customers, our employees and everybody else involved in our operations. We've implemented the Perfect HSE Day process. As you know, in our first quarter as a combined company, we've already have to deal with a number of challenging environmental events such as hurricanes Harvey, Irma and Irwin. Our thoughts go out to all those who are affected by these events, including many of our employees. Turning to this morning's discussion, I'll cover three topics. First, I'll give a brief overview of our operational results in the quarter. Second, I'll share our perspective of the industry and the market dynamics in our key segments and highlight some of the key achievements of the quarter. Finally, I'll give you some more detailed thoughts on the new company and the integration. Brian, will then review our financial results in more detail, before we open the call for questions. In the third quarter, we delivered $5.7 billion in orders and $5.4 billion in revenues. We saw sequential revenue growth in our shorter cycle businesses and the clients in our long cycle businesses, consistent with the view we have shared with you previously. Adjusted operating income was $240 million. We continue to see improved margin performance in our oilfield service business, partially offset by challenges in our longer cycle business, particularly in our oilfield equipment segment. Earnings per share were negative $0.24 and adjusted EPS was $0.05. While I'm pleased with the positive orders results this quarter, we still have a lot of work ahead of us in order to improve operating margins and cash generation. Synergy execution is a critical component of that. Our synergy plans are full in place now and the teams are executing on them. Further, in our first 90 days of operations, we've identified additional opportunities to improve productivity in the company and simplifying and reduce cost in our operating structure. We are positioning the company for higher growth and profitability. We know where we have to focus to deliver on our commitments. Now, it's up to us to execute. Brian will go through the detail of the financial results, but I want to spend a few minutes on what we're seeing in the market place. In our oilfield services segment, we continue to see growth driven by our well construction business line to North America. While North American rig count is more than 40% up year-to-date, we saw a deceleration in the quarter with the US land rig counts up 6% versus the second quarter. While customers in North America are generally quite positive about the outlook, we expect activity to stay flat through the end of the year, until the market has better line of sight into 2018 budgets and operators production hedge positions. We continue to believe that our advanced drilling capabilities will differentiate us in the marketplace, where industrial well construction practices and service intensity per well continue to increase. Our drilling services and drill bits businesses outpaced rig count growth in North America in the third quarter. We've our AutoTrak curve high-build rotary steerable system, Talon high-efficiency PDC drill bits, tailored drilling fluids and enhanced solids removable techniques, we've helped operators reduce well cost and improve performance, particularly in the Marcellus and Utica. We delivered a total of a 100 wells, where more than a mile of footage was drilled in a 24 hour period. This speaks to how far we have raised the bar in the industrial well construction arena in North America, where our rates of penetration metrics in drilling can now be quoted in miles per day rather than in feet per hour. We have long laterals now that we know in [ph] every basin and longer more complex laterals being planned by our customers. Our drilling services business is positioned for growth in the coming quarters as these more challenging drilling horizons come into play. International activity in oilfield services remains muted with rig count flat year-to-date. However we are seeing signs of activity increase both in the volume and size of tenders for new work as customers feel more confident about their operating cost and commodity price stability. To that point we were awarded a large multi year integrated drilling contract with an important customer in the Middle East as well as two critical deep water completion contracts in Latin America offshore. In our oilfield equipments segment, the subsea market continues to be very challenging. Activity remains low and prices continue to be pressured. We expect three awards in 2017 to be a 150 to 170, up significantly versus 2016, but still 70% below peak levels seen in 2013. As we previously communicated, we had a significant win in the quarter to support this oil gas field. The win is a result of a productivity initiative using our digital tools across our design and manufacturing process to deliver the most cost competitive products in the subsea market. Our cost out efforts and ability to develop local content were critical in securing the award and being part of Egypt's energy future. During the quarter we also announced what is the first demonstration of our ability to generate value for our customers through our full stream offering. The agreement executed with Twinza Oil will provide support for an offshore development project in Papua New Guinea. This business model is an exciting development for the industry. With the combination of capability between our oilfield equipment, oilfield services and turbomachinery segments can provide a unique high productivity value proposition for our customers and commercial differentiation. Despite these successes in the quarter, we continue to expect the subsea markets to be very challenge in the short term. We have little sign of any significant recovery in 2018. In our Turbomachinery segment, the LNG market continues to be over supplied in the near term and with gas prices pressured in most markets. The long term value proposition for LNG remains positive and we have an industry leading portfolio in this segment with unsurpassed manufacturing and services capabilities. Opportunities for growth in the short to midterm exists across the board in mid-stream and downstream segments in which we participate, these include, gas to power projects, stranded gas monetization, pipelines and surface compressions to name a few. Many of these applications acquire a range of turbomachinery equipments that is fit for purpose in terms of both cost and function. To better serve this market, we have been expanding our Nova LT equipment applications to serve anything from traditional oil and gas segments to the industrial sector. I'm pleased to say that earlier this year we secured a contract to supply a co-generation power plant with our 16.5 megawatt Nova LT gas turbine generator. The plant will deliver electricity to our customer's facility in Malaysia and apply a wastage recovery process. This innovative approach will help increase energy efficiency and lower CO2 emissions by 54,000 tons per year. In refining, large complex refineries should gain an advantage in a more competitive over supplied landscape. However, costs in refining margins continue to move some projects that arrived. In the quarter, we won a critical contract in the Middle East to provide seven compression trends enabling a refinery plant to produce cleaner energy. In petrochemicals, we see healthy end market demand. Cost advantage supply basis continue to drive projects forward, particularly in North America and the Middle East. Earlier this year we won a deal to supply three large theme turbine driven compressors for an ethylene production plant in North America. In the digital solutions segment, we see end markets for our measurement and controls base portfolio slowly returning to growth. Non-oil and gas end markets continue to be robust, driven by aviation and industrials. Oil and Gas end markets are beginning to stabilize and we expect them to return to growth over the medium term. Our digital offerings in software and digital services continue to gain traction in the market place. And in the quarter we secured our largest ever award of approximately $300 million from an important international customer. This long term award includes a holistic asset performance management solution based on the GE Predix platform. In the third quarter, we went live with our plant operations advisory program with BT, in the Gulf of Mexico. Our technology is performing 25 million calculations a day and together with our customer, we are focused on reducing non-productive time. Almost all of our customers are either evaluating or applying new solutions in this emerging digital space and I believe we are uniquely positioned from our portfolio perspective, help them make step changes in productivity for their businesses. Lastly on integration, we've made significant progress over the first quarter as a combined company. The organization is in place and all leadership positions have been stalled. We have trained over 15,000 employees on changes impacting and their roles in the new company. We had personal touch points with over 90% of our customers in the first two weeks after closing. And in early September, we went live with our fully integrated commercial platform. I have personally had the opportunity to engage with many of our most important costumers around the globe and continue to update them regularly. As you know, cost actions are underway as well. We are taking restructuring actions wherever it is necessary. We successfully consolidated over 20 facilities in the quarter and initiated an additional 40 for completion by the end of the year. Overall, I feel we have made an incredible amount of progress in the third quarter. I feel good about achieving the synergy targets we laid out. We are still in the early days and just recently had our100 day anniversary. We are on track and what I've seen so far is highly encouraging. With that, let me turn the call over to Brian, to go through our financial results.
Brian Worrell: Thanks Lorenzo. I'll start with total company results and then go into the segment details. We had a strong orders quarter at $5.7 billion, which is up 2% sequentially and 18% year-over-year. Quarter-over-quarter the increase in orders was driven by our shorter cycle segments, oilfield services and digital solutions as activity picked up in North America as well as the Middle East. This increase was partially offset by headwinds in our long cycle business with turbomachinery and oilfield equipment down11% and 5% respectively. The declines in these businesses were driven by strong comparisons in the second quarter and continued delays in customer spending. Year-over-year total orders grew 18% our [indiscernible] base in the third quarter of 2016 and all of our segments showed growth. Backlog increased from $20.6 billion $20.9 billion in the quarter. Both equipment and services backlog grew. Equipment backlog ended at 5.7 billion. The third quarter was the first quarter and over six quarters as where our equipment backlog grew sequentially. The equipment book-to-bill was 1.1 marking this as the second straight quarter with a positive book-to-bill ratio. Service backlog was $15.2 billion and increased 1% sequentially. Revenue for this quarter was 5.4 billion, which is down 1% sequentially and flat year-over-year versus last quarter our short cycle business is oilfield services and digital solutions were up driven by activity increases in both North America and the Middle East. We saw sequential declines in our longer cycle businesses, turbomachinery and oilfield equipment as a result of lower 2016 order intake, which drove the lower opening backlog. Year-over-year the revenue increases in oilfield services and turbomachinery were offset by the significant decline in oilfield equipment. Operating loss in the quarter was 122 million. On an adjusted basis, we delivered 240 million of operating income. This excludes net restructuring, impairment and other charges of $203 million as well as merger and related costs of $159 million. Adjusted operating income was up 105% sequentially. As a reminder, when comparing our sequential results we called out some non-recurring charges in the second quarter. In the third quarter we had higher amortization expenses due to the impact from purchase accounting. Even when adjusting for those items, operating income was up significantly driven by strengths in oilfields services, digital solutions and turbomachinery, partially offset by continued softness in oilfield equipment. Included in our reported and adjusted operating income, it's a negative impact of approximately $15 million as a result of supply chain driven delays caused by hurricane Harvey. We expect the majority of that to come back to us in the fourth quarter. Year-over-year operating income was down 13%, the increase in oilfield services was more than offset by declines in the other segments. Next I'll cover taxes. Tax expense for the quarter was $93 million, while we were in an overall net loss position for the quarter, we generated income outside the US and losses within the US, primarily due to the restructuring actions that we have taken. Our foreign income with tax, but because we have been in a net loss position within the US for a period of time, we were unable to deduct these losses, that's driving the overall higher tax expense. As we start to generate earnings in the US overtime we expect to benefit from the valuation allowances built up including the ones from this quarter. For 4Q, we expect taxes to follow the similar profile to this quarter. Loss per share for the third quarter was $0.24. On an adjusted basis, third quarter earnings per share were $0.05 cents. Free cash flow in the quarter was negative 405 million. While we'd anticipated a significant out flow from merger and restructuring related activities, this quarter's performance was below the expectations. First, let me give you some details and then I will give you some insights into how we are going to run things differently going forward. As I said merger and restructuring related items had a significant negative impact of approximately 400 million in the quarter. This was driven by accelerated incentive compensation payment as well as a lease buy out that were both triggered by the merger. We had a significant amount of restructuring and severance payments as we execute to achieve our synergy targets. In addition we had a negative impact of approximately 200 million from the continued reduction in our receivables factoring programs. Operationally both accounts receivable and inventory performance were below our expectation and were mainly driven by our oilfield services business. While some of that might be attributable to distraction from the integration, we are expecting significantly better performance in the next quarters from the team. We have dedicated a senior leader to build our operational processes to deliver on our commitment of improved cash conversion. In addition, we are integrating both reporting and operating mechanisms to drive more visibility into cash flow. We expect fourth quarter operational free cash flow generation to be markedly better than in the third quarter. Next I'll walk through the segment results. In oilfield services, the market continues to improve in North America though we saw a deceleration in growth versus the second quarter and the rig count flattening since the end of July. International activity remains muted, in selected markets, we are seeing some signs of activity increases though. The oilfield services business delivered a solid quarter, revenues of 2.6 billion were up 4% sequentially. This quarter-over-quarter improvement was driven by the well construction product lines particularly in North America land and in the Middle East. The completions business delivered double digit growth sequentially with solid gains in Saudi Arabia, the Permian and the Rockies. As Lorenzo mentioned, revenue growth for the drilling services and drill bits business outpaced rig count growth in North America. Regionally increased activity in North America and the Middle East had higher volume. Revenues from North America were 1 billion up 5% sequentially driven by the onshore well construction business. Drilling services, drill bits, wire line and completions, all delivered double digit sequential growth. Internationally, revenue was 1.6 billion up 3% sequentially driven by the Middle East as the well construction product lines delivered solid growth in a flat rig count environment. Outside the Middle East, revenue growth in Asia is driven by completions and artificial lift businesses, and growth in Europe was drilling services, drill bits and pressure pumping. These gains were partially offset by declines in both Latin America and Sub-Saharan Africa. Operating income was 75 million up 48 million sequentially and 115 million year-over-year. The operating income for the quarter includes approximately 35 million of additional amortization as a result of purchase accounting. Despite this, the business delivered strong incremental margin. The increase in operating income is primarily driven by higher volume, cost out efforts and favorable mix, partially offset by hurricane Harvey impact, which primarily was in the chemicals and completions business. In the near term we expect the business to continue to perform in line with the markets in which we operate. We view current market dynamics as favorable for our drilling services and drill bits businesses as customers continue to drill complicated laterals. And for our completions business as North American operators begin to work down that drill but uncompleted inventory. As we continue to ramp up our synergy programs, we expect to drive additional operating margin leverage in the business. Our OFE business despite top line orders growth continues to operate in a very difficult environment. As Lorenzo mentioned, activity remains at low levels with few signs of significant improvement in the short term. Orders in the quarter were $760 million up 45% versus last year and the equipment book-to-bill was 1.4, primarily driven by the Zoro win. The team is building on the success from last quarter with the Eni Mozambique win. In addition orders increases in our flexible pipe systems business, which showed continued strength in the Brazilian market. Services orders were also up 3% year-over-year, driven by increasing levels of activity in North America for the pressure control business through supporting its install base. Neil and his OFE team are focused on rebuilding the backlog. Revenue was 600 million down 28% year-over-year. The decline in revenue was driven by lower subsea production system equipment project backlog, as well as continued market pressure in the rig drilling systems business. We expect the large deals won in 2017 to start generating revenue in 2018. Service revenues were up slightly only partially offsetting the weakness on the equipment revenues. Operating loss was $43 million which was unfavorable year-over-year. Foreign exchange movements negatively impacted operating income by approximately $30 million. This was mainly driven by the strengthening of the Brazilian real and the British pound versus the US dollar in the quarter. OFE has manufacturing bases in Brazil and the UK and is fulfilling long term contracts with key customers in Sub-Saharan Africa and Brazil. We consider the $30 million impact, operational in nature, but do not expect the FX impact to reoccur at the same level going forward. Even excluding the impact of FX, operating income was down year-over-year driven by significant volume pressure and negative cost leverage. In addition we continue to see pricing headwinds in the pressure control and flexible pipe systems businesses, which were only able to partially offset with productivity and cost out. Overall, we think the OFE business will continue to be challenged. We expect to build backlog and compete for key deals. However, as you've seen customer spending in large projects continues to push off, the team has been reducing cost and are prepared to operate in this environment. Now, moving to Turbomachinery and process solutions, the team delivered solid orders growth of 16% versus the prior year despite continued challenges across this primary market. Total orders were 1.4 billion in the third quarter and equipment orders were up 79% year-over-year. As we find several large deals for gas compression equipment in the quarter. The gas compression win rate remained strong and actually increased in the quarter. TPS also saw modest improvements in the offshore business as well as some wins in the onshore business mainly in the Middle East. There were no FID's for LNG projects in the quarter. Service orders were down 10% year-over-year driven primarily by fewer upgrades as a result of lower customer spending and some softness in the downstream portion of the business. In addition the transactional service business was also down year-over-year. Turbomachinery delivered revenues of $1.5 billion up 2% year-over-year. Revenue from equipment was down slightly year-over-year as a result of lower order intake in 2016. Service revenues were up. Contractual services, installations and transactional volumes were up, partially offset by lower activity in our downstream related services. Operating income for Turbo machine was $210 million, down 19% year-over-year. Our service volume was up, lower margin rates in our equipment backlog more than offset the positive impact from higher service sales. As the business is executing through a lower margin equipment project mix, primarily downstream projects, we expect equipment margins to continue to be at lower levels in the short term. Overall we expect the TPS business to continue its technology leadership and capture market opportunities as they present themselves. In the short term, we expect the headwinds on service orders from customer spin delays and low L&G orders to continue. Similar to prior years, we expect to see an increase in service volume in the fourth quarter and we are focused on winning more work on the downstream and industrial sides of the business to offset challenges in upstream. Next on Digital solutions, as a reminder as this business operates in a few different end markets across oil and gas, automotive, aerospace and power, while we see some stabilization in the oil and gas end markets, major project investments remain low. In the third quarter the digital solutions business delivered orders of 917 million. This was a 43% year-over-year driven by the large Predix deal with an important international customer that Lorenzo mentioned earlier. Excluding this deal, orders were down slightly year-over-year. The decline was mainly driven by the condition monitoring product lines, partially offset by growth and other businesses. Regionally we continue to see a slowdown in large EPC projects in the Middle East and Europe partially offset by strength in Latin America. Revenue for digital solutions was $629 million down 2% year-over-year. We saw growth in our inspection technologies business that was more than offset by pipeline and process solutions. Operating income was $87 million down 20% year-over-year driven by lower margin in the pipeline and process solutions business as well as negative mix. Overall, we expect Digital Solutions to continue to grow in the fourth quarter in line with the typical seasonality, but of a lower base in the fourth quarter of 2016. With that Lorenzo, I'll turn it back over to you.
Lorenzo Simonelli: Thanks Brian. Overall, I'm pleased with the progress we've made in the quarter. We closed the transaction and formed the brand new company on July 3. And we hit the ground running on day one from an inspiration perspective. Commercially we secured several key wins in the quarter and booked $5.7 billion of new orders. We are base lining operations and where we see a need for improvement, we are taking immediate action. We are focused on margin improvements that are cash generation and delivering the best results for our customers. We continue to position the company for growth and profitability and we are focused on executing our strategy to deliver on our commitments on growth, margins and cash. Actions are on the way and I feel optimistic about the future. Phil, now over to you for questions.
Phil Mueller: Thanks, with that let's open up the call for questions Sandra.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from James West with Evercore ISI. Your line is now open.
James West: HI, good morning guys. So, Lorenzo the three pillars you guys are focused on, on regaining some share margins and free cash flow conversion. And it's only been a 100 days, I assume you get that, where do you think you stand in that process, are we 10%, 20%? Where are we in kind of getting to the optimal results?
Lorenzo Simonelli: Thanks, James and thanks for recognizing. We're just celebrating our 100 days into this transaction that we feel is going very well. And maybe just as the backdrop relative to the three strategic pillars you mentioned, we remain very focused on what we control. As you look at the external environment, oil inventories are still 20% above the five year averages. When you look at the three pillars, let's take them one-by-one to begin with. On growth, you look at the performance during the course of the third quarter, you had drilling services and bits growing and outpaced the rig count growth in North America, we feel good about that. You look at the orders performance; sequentially it's the second quarter in a row, where we got positive orders. You look at a year-over-year performance up 18%, on the book-to-bill positive. Critical wins, you look at this all, which was a key one in Egypt from a subsea perspective, digital. So, we see good traction on the growth side, it's early days, the market remains challenging, but we are definitely focused from a commercial standpoint and getting out there and meeting with the customers has been a key aspect of the first 100 days and as you noted during the course of the first two week, we met over 90% of the customers. On margins the key focus here is on the synergies, as you look at integration, it's on track. I mentioned even in September that we are on track, with what we've committed to for 2018, relative to the integration and the synergies. You look at the sequential margins performance from a business segment perspective, Brian walked you through that and sequentially three of the four businesses are showing positive performance. We've got weakness in our sea segment which again, is part of the aspect of Sub Sea and the industry continuing to be delayed in its recovery. You look at the third pillar cash, as Brian mentioned, it's a key area of focus for us. During the course of the quarter, we had one time key related items, and restructuring, however, from an operational perspective it's an area that we continue to focus on. It's one of the key areas I have as a focus on inventory receivables, I'd say we didn't perform where we wanted to in the third quarter, and it's something that we've addressed and we've got people acting upon it immediately. So, when you look at it, early days, but definitely positive momentum, we've got the team rallied and focused on the key priorities. So thanks James.
James West: Okay, okay fair enough. And then may be just one follow up or little bit unrelated, but the shareholder return strategy, and I know you've seen or work on this, your net cash position. How are you guys thinking now and over again those old days, but about dividend sheer buy pack pay program?
Lorenzo Simonelli: Yeah James, just maybe to give you an update on capital allocation and 100 days and we mentioned in September that we're committed to a share hold of a friendly capital allocation plan, that's going to be returning 40% to 50% of netting coming to shareholders. We also mentioned we are going through that with our board at the moment and it's part of the key strategic review that's being undertaken. We got a strong balance sheet that gives us the ability to drive buy backs and also inorganic actions. And our capital allocation priorities are going to be alliance with creating significant shareholder value. So, we are going to take a balanced approach and we want to make sure that we maintain the strong balance sheet, as the industry continues to be volatile as we look at it going forward, it's a challenging environment. We did as you know, in the third quarter announced a dividend of $0.17 per share and we are reviewing that as we go forward, with our team and also the board, so we'll be giving an update as we go forward.
James West: Okay, get it, thanks Lorenzo.
Operator: Thank you and our next question comes from the line of [indiscernible] with Morgan Stanley. Your line is now open.
Unidentified Analyst: Yeah, thank you very much and yes, congratulations on the 100 days. So still early and the quarter is kind of a cash standpoint, I think it was a little noisy, a little light, even adjusting for the foreign exchange and a few other things. So, given that you have a better handle on the integration and targets ahead, could you give us a game back to the initiatives on the way. I wonder whether you could give us an update on, this kind of, let us say even though improvement in the environment, but I think you'll believe there will be more. What is your current view on normalize margins for these businesses, could you for example get without any improvement in subsea [indiscernible]. Could you get the equipment business into a profitable state if you think? If you could run through some of the initiatives, I know you've issued focus going on in CRM, for example in Baker Hughes and trying to implement some of the GE systems there, so could you give us a little bit of an update there on your updated view on margins?
Lorenzo Simonelli: To start out with the cash, alright it was a bit noisy this quarter, given that this is a first quarter. We had a quite a bit of merger and deal related cost as well as restructuring, as I mentioned that was about $400 million. We took down our monetization program that impacted us by about $200 million. But, you know as I said, working capital did come in under our expectations from our cash flow perspective, and that was primarily driven by sea bubbles and the OFS business. We had a little bit of an inventory build as well, so if I look at that going forward, the deal related cost should definitely be declining here in the fourth quarter and into the next year we'll trail off. We will continue to look at high payback restructuring earlier as we drive the synergies here. So, I expect the restructuring cost to continue and as I mentioned earlier, we have mobilized the team to look at how we can build stronger operating processes to drive better collections, better visibility, not only with us, but across the portfolio. So, I would definitely expect fourth quarter better operationally, some of that seasonality, others are some of the process changes that were making here and then, last onetime items.
Unidentified Analyst: These things are never done in overnight, and yes, we all wanted to aggressively go after all hanging opportunities, you mentioned still a lot of interest a lot of infrastructure to be merged, if it telecoms to the cost of it. Its strike me that maybe the second quarter or the third quarter next year is considered as a timing to when we should start to get a more of a clarity on the underlined performance?
Brian Worrell: Yeah, I think so, by then you have a lot of the restructuring under way clearly and will have full three four quarters here to get some of the operating processes in place. But I think that's a realistic expectation.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay, Lorenzo sorry.
Lorenzo Simonelli: Yeah now, just to address your question on the business segment and if you think about all of us you know, speedy recovery in North America, decelerating but still growing and internationally we see some activity rising. On the other sea, subsea, at the moment it's extremely low, you've seen the activity level, at the same time; we've won some major business, as you look at our second quarter win relative to Mozambique. And also Zorro in the third quarter, we're focused on cost cut and one of the key enablers that we were able to win this whole deal was by applying digital tools within our supply chain, there really key cause competitiveness. We feel it's being a very important aspect of our business and offering for our customers going forward and so you should see over the long term, continuing project execution excellence and margin improvement in that business.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay, thank you very much. Well I'll hand it back.
Operator: Thank you and our next question comes from the line of Andrew [indiscernible], your line is now open.
Unidentified Analyst: Thanks, good morning guys Lorenzo, Brian. I appreciate the granular details. That was really very helpful. So, I guess I would start of to follow up on capital allocation and maybe you can talk about your optimal cost, capital structure giving your undelivered balance sheet and also maybe, I suppose capital allocation talk about thoughts on M&A, given the recent shadow, we've had in the market on especially subsea 7?
Brian Worrell: Okay Andy, I think when we talked earlier we definitely have an opportunity to relook capital structure, we are under leverage. If you look at the balance sheet by a lot of metrics, we are working to that as Lorenzo said, with the board here and will update you guys, you know, once we've gone through that process. But, the metrics look good, you know, we've continued to have a strong balance sheet and as I was talking in the call, we got a plant in here to get the free cash flow into more of a steady straight in line with what we talked about in early September. So, we'll keep you posted as we work through things with the board.
Lorenzo Simonelli: And Andy just on the rumor that was out there relative to subsea 7, I think that I've mentioned previously, you know, our focus right now is really on the integration hand, we've got our hands full. We don't speculate on the aspect of rumors, we see our all three businesses previously well positioned with the winds also that we had. And we partner with numerous CPC's out there, and we work with our customers, really on what's the best outcome for them.
Andrew: Alright thanks, that was very helpful. And then when you think through your strategy and how it could differ from the past, for specifically oilfield services, can you talk a little bit about the strategy there, maybe potentially some rolling back of that acid like model internationally and how things could change and how you look at the world, when these things have done in the past?
Brian Worrell: Yeah Andy, if you look at our product portfolio, we feel very good about the combination that we have. Now, when you put together, packaging's and geo oil and gas, we have a suite of capabilities that we think is unique in the industry and enable us to work with our customers really to drive efficiencies. When you think about going below the mud line from and above, we've got the combination of the lifting equipment, the drilling services. We also have the digital capabilities to drive efficiencies and productivity. That's the game changer here, it's really to take the aspect of inefficiency through silos and drive productivity. In this environment that's what our customers continue to ask us for, is get us to the lowest cost per barrel, get us the efficiencies and as we go forward, we are really working on well construction, we're working on the operating environments that are necessary within each of the workplace and that's going to be the strategy going forward.
Lorenzo Simonelli: And Andy as we talked before, we are taking a look at some of the regions were the asset like model was being contemplated. And because of the infrastructure we have, I decided really not to have folks between us and our customers, dramatically reducing that asset like model. You know we are going to continue to evaluate the geography from our profitability and our returns and make decisions based upon that. But, until now the asset like model is going well.
Andrew: Alright thanks guys, I'll turn it over.
Operator: Thank you and our next question comes from the line of Jud Bailey with Wells Fargo, your line is now open.
Jud Bailey: Thank you, good morning. I got a question, could you maybe comment a little more broadly on the TPS segment, I have seen a big dragger for Baker Hughes. Could you talk a little bit about your outlook, maybe on orders and mixable, because we are looking at 2018, understanding L&G's oversupplied at the moment. But I think there's been some, if I do sort of move toward and tell rightly to comment, is it possible the quarters could be up next year or do you see more flatter or down, just one?
Brian Worrell: Yeah, Jud, if you look at the PPS business in the as you said rightly L&G is a portion of it, but there is actually much more in there relative to the midstream and downstream when you look at pipelines, you look at also what we do from an offshore and onshore production. And as you look at 2018, we should see better order activity and L&G remains challenging, we see that more being trauma, to the free perspectives started to comeback as there is demand out there. But we see the other segments continuing to pick up and then also as we go towards the transactional business on services continuing to maintain a focus on the operating activities within our customers.
Jud Bailey: Okay, thank you very much follow up is on the same segment, but I am just thinking about margins? As service revenue grows, that's basic quota of the margins obviously revenue is going to be under some pressure. Could you talk us through, how you're thinking about maybe that the mix in revenue next year and how that could impact margins year-over-year for TPS?
Brian Worrell: Yeah Jud, if you take a look at the dynamics right now in TPS, you know revenues are up in the quarter 2%, and operating incomes comes down 19% in service. Service mix was good and we are certainly a tailwind, but it was more than all set by margined in equipment as we work through a backlog, which is got some negative mix primarily driven by the downstream segments which is not as profitable. As I look into the next couple of quarters, I would expect that to continue the negative mix based on what the backlog is today. But if you look, we actually had a booked a bill of 1 in the quarter, equipment back log grew, so we are refilling that back log and that should get better as we progress through the year. On top of that, we have seen some headwinds in the transactional services business, as operators are really conserving cash and our bags and based on what we see, later in the year next year, that's a turn as well.
Jud Bailey: Okay, I appreciate the color. You've answered about, thanks.
Operator: Thank you and our next question comes from the line of Jim Wicklund with Credit Suisse, your line is now open.
Jim Wicklund: Good morning guys. I am looking at oilfield services segment, and North America was at 4%, I realize that you guys don't have the petrol pumping business directly anymore, just under station BJ. And while you are operating income, was right from 27 to 75, it just strikes me that a 2.8% margin in the US when we've got some of your peers reporting higher numbers. I'm just wondering, how comfortable you guys are with the current consensus forecast for either down Q4, with the kind of outlook you've given and with the biggest engine driver North America onshore kind of having some really relatively weak performance in the quarter. Can you address any of that?
Brian Worrell: Yeah, if you take a look at El Paso and North America, as you rightly pointed out, our portfolios are a bit different. We don't have pressure pumping, we do have the chemicals business which is not directly related obviously to rig counting what's going on in North America land. If you look at those businesses that are really rig count driven, you know drilling services wire line, drill beds all are more than the rig count, strong performance in incompletion as well. And if you look at the minimal fear in this quarter, we had really strong growth in drilling services and completions, and that's really have higher margins. As Lorenzo and I both mentioned, we see the market flattening and really I don't think in the fourth quarter, in drilling services won't be as much as a tail end, but we do see some pretty strong growth in other product areas, were our margins are a bit lower. And then we also have some synergy that should be coming in in the fourth quarter and then in the next year. So, when I put all that together, from a mixed end point, from the market, you know flattening a little bit, I would expect incremental to be in line with historical averages. But it is something we are focused on and you know as we talked about gaining share here and positioning the products from a cost perspective to drive higher margins.
Jim Wicklund: Okay and can you talk about the equity income contribution from BJ?
Brian Worrell: Yeah if you look at the quarter it was a negative by $39 and as a reminder we report BJ services on a one month lag, because they don't close as quickly as we do. And look from a position standpoint, you know we like our position in the business, we got good visibility in the what's going on there, we work with more within the team and where we need to do something commercially with pressure pumping , we can do that. But BJ services is in a mode of coming together and we building that business and we are working closely with the team as they do that.
Jim Wicklund: Okay guys thank you very much, I appreciate the help.
Operator: Thank you and our next question comes from the line of David Anderson with Barclays, your line is now open.
David Anderson: Thank you and good morning. I'll just come with a bigger picture question here, your business is mix is quite a bit different than the other names in the space, so, I was worried for the sooner your oil prices remain range bound for the next couple of years. Can you talk about which parts of your business do you think will perform best, I guess in other words, which part of the claws will still be able to grow even without the oil price ensure margin expansion?
Brian Worrell: Thanks so, good to speak to you again. As you look at the portfolio, yes we are different and also we got a good compliment of the oilfield services as well as you look at the longer cycle businesses. When you think about the price being range bound, you look at the benefit that we are going to achieve through synergies and also key focus of growth. So, the synergies will come through on the revenue side , we've already indicated that by 2020 there's $400 million of EBITDA revenue synergies, we feel good about those, lot of good conversations happening with the customers that will enable us. As we look at the longer term on the gas side, we see gas continuing to grow and also L&G returning, and so when you think about our PPS business that returning, again mentioned previously, orders being growing again in 2018. And you look out also at the other segments when you think about the downstream, the refinery chemicals, the pipelines and then our digital solutions business. As you think about the segment that's outside of also oil and gas, which is more aviation industrial that's continuing to pace with GDP. So, we have an opportunity to race; again grow even in ranges that are based on outlook.
David Anderson: And I just wanted if you could just address how you are looking into next year, with respect to 2018 EBITDA? Your reasoning the case that your call consensus number is out there, and now kind of first quarter under your bottom, are you still constant about hitting those numbers even if you don't see oil prices move up appreciably from here?
Lorenzo Simonelli: Yeah so David, you back on that conference, you go to that September conference, you know I said that the market in 2018 was consistent and the market was looking at things. Also I said, that is we go forward, we won't be providing a new guidance but, we think similar to everyone else in the industry. And you look at that we are thinking similar to others in the industry continuing to be challenged on the overseas side with some pushups on some on some of the projects. We've seen a deceleration in the North America grove from the trust perspective. So, we are staying focused really what we control, the synergies the integration and we'll be providing more updates as we go forward.
David Anderson: Thank you, Lorenzo.
Operator: Thank you and our next question comes from the line of [indiscernible], your line is now open.
Unidentified Analyst: Hey, thanks for squeezing me in. I guess quick question if we trying to bridge the gap 3Q verses kind of 4Q consensus, if you can kind of walk through the moving pieces as we think about the sequential change. You got the 15 million for the supply chain under ways, we'll have some cost synergies, you have digital solutions should be up and TPS should be up. And so if you can kind of bridge the gap, you know I think there's a 100 million kind of increase in 4Q?
Lorenzo Simonelli: Yeah, to give you some perspective on that, a couple of things, you did point out Harvey, the majority of that will come back to us in the quarter, so that definitely should be helpful. We have some normal; seasonality in the digital solutions businesses, so digital solutions is supposed to grow in the fourth quarter. As I walk through with Tim, we feel good about our position in LFS and expect to see growth in LFS if synergies come through and we think, we'll have some volume increase there. And in TPS for us to grow in the fourth quarter as well, as we looked at the back log, equipment as well as services. And we got a lot of productivity lined up for that business as well. So, those are the big drivers and in synergy, it will start to ramp up after the lower base this quarter, we should see some improvement in the synergies.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay, and then also on the offshore equipment, another short decline in margins here, are you ready to call the bottom line margins and also the equipment and if so, how long do you think it will kind of get back to break even there?
Lorenzo Simonelli: Yeah, offshore equipment is definitely continuing to be challenging here. And this quarter in particular we did have an all size affect impact. So, I don't expect them to repeat at that level. So from that perspective, you should see margins get better quarter over quarter from that alone. You know calling the bottom, Neil and the team have really been focused on going after deals and makes sense for us. And they've been taking a lot of cost out to deal with this volume decline. So, we feel good about the cost position, they are working hard to drive, you know profitability, as we rebuild the back log. But I do think they will continue to be challenged, so I wouldn't expect other than this FX item in appreciable increase in margin right here as we look for the next few quarters.
Unidentified Analyst: Any feedback out there, if FX was a clean margin on there, do you have the number?
Lorenzo Simonelli: The FX was around $39.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. I'll turn it back over. Thanks, Brian.
Operator: Thank you and our final question comes from the line of [indiscernible], your line is now open.
Unidentified Analyst: Thanks for taking my question. I guess just back to the 18 hour I appreciate that you don't want to get specific on a number but justify the phrase at this way. As we look at consensus now about $3.5 billion of EBITDA and you mentioned that you expect orders to be up. Can you give us a sense of how much orders need to be up, to kind to get to that level, and I understand that there are a lot of other variable, but just try to give us a sense of magnitude there?
Brian Worrell: Let's maybe just break it down by business and go for it, because if you just look orders are, it's may be better to take it down a level and take it by business. So we look at your first business, you know we continue to see activity ramping up in North America and The Middle East along with some recover in the hour international market when you look at also the North sea, Latin America. So, in 2018 even though North America is decelerated you should still see some momentum there. On OFE, we see that continuing to be pressured at this moment in time; you know we should have better orders performance in 2018. But actually, the revenue side continued to be pressured, TPS we mentioned orders being positive in 2018 and also from the revenues perspective we should stop see the offshore, onshore production, the downstream area, so if you look at the activity thing, but we should see revenues essentially improving there. And we as business, you look at again improving their relative to the elements outside of also oil and gas from aviation and industrial perspective. So, you know really three out of the four business segments are seeing an opportunity here from the revenue which help us in 2018 and that's sort of the landscape when you break it down by business segment.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay, thanks for that Lorenzo. Maybe on the follow up, as I look at the $3 billion of orders this quarter, can you break that down into how much was - you had a few pretty large one time benefits there, I suspect some portion of that is recurring if sort of the world stays at level that it's at right now. Can you help us break down that 3 billion in terms of recurring and kind of one time large order?
Lorenzo Simonelli: So I think that that 3 billion is maybe an extra or a FX number, it's in total for the business at 5.7 billion orders.
Unidentified Analyst: Yeah, correct. Sorry about that got you.
Lorenzo Simonelli: Okay, so again the - can you repeat the question relative to the 3 billion please?
Unidentified Analyst: So if we have the 3 billion in which is largely the legacy GE portion of the business, so the backlog really driven businesses, how much of that 3 billion in orders is something that might be recurring versus something that's large and maybe one time, just to get a sense of what the baseline recurring number might be.
Lorenzo Simonelli: Yeah, look there's always going to be some lumpiness based on big orders that take place. If you look at that 3 billion, you'd say, the Zoro is something that you'd highlight in there as a big order and then the digital as we mentioned close to 300 million with a big international customer.
Brian Worrell: Yeah, the one thing I would point out about that too is, while we had Zoro as a big order this quarter, we also had Eni Mozambique last quarter and for the quarter-over-quarter that's kind of normalized.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay, great. Thanks for that and I'll turn it back.
Operator: Thank you and this concludes the Q&A portion of the call. I'll now turn the call back to Mr. Simonelli for final remarks.
Lorenzo Simonelli: Thank you very much. And again thanks to all of you for joining us this morning. I just wanted to maybe close out, so we're 100 days into this terrific new business that we've created. I'm pleased with the progress we've made this quarter. We've had several key wins in the quarter and booked $5.7 billion of new orders. We're base lining operations and where we need improvement, we're taking immediate actions. We know where we need to execute and we've been very open in having that discussion with you today. We're focused on margin improvement that are cash generation and delivering the best results for our customers and that's what we're going to be doing going forward. So thank you very much.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in today's conference. This concludes the program and you may all disconnect. Everyone have a great day.

===== 2017 Q1  (2017-04-26 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Alondra de Oteyza - Baker Hughes, Inc. Martin S. Craighead - Baker Hughes, Inc. Kimberly A. Ross - Baker Hughes, Inc.
Analysts: Byron K. Pope - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc. James West - Evercore ISI Sean C. Meakim - JPMorgan Securities LLC Judson E. Bailey - Wells Fargo Securities LLC David Anderson - Barclays Capital, Inc. Angeline M. Sedita - UBS Investment Bank
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Baker Hughes First Quarter 2017 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later we will conduct a question-and-answer session, and instructions will follow at that time. As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded. I would now like to introduce your host for today's conference, Mrs. Alondra Oteyza, Director of Investor Relations. Ma'am, you may begin.
Alondra de Oteyza - Baker Hughes, Inc.: Thank you, Vince. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to the Baker Hughes first quarter 2017 earnings conference call. Here with me today is our Chairman and CEO, Martin Craighead, and Kimberly Ross, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Today's presentation and the earnings release that was issued earlier today can be found on our website at bakerhughes.com. As a reminder, during the course of this conference call, we will provide predictions, forecasts, and other forward-looking statements. Although they reflect our current expectations, these statements are not guarantees of future performance and involve a number of risks and assumptions. We advise you to review our SEC filings for a discussion of some of the factors that could cause actual results to differ materially. Also, reconciliation of operating profit and other non-GAAP measures to GAAP results can be found on our earnings release and on our website at bakerhughes.com under the Investor Relations section. And with that, I'll turn the call over to Martin Craighead. Martin?
Martin S. Craighead - Baker Hughes, Inc.: Thanks, Alondra, and good morning and thanks for joining us today. I'm going to cover three topics this morning. I will discuss our first quarter results and the market dynamics we observed during the quarter. Then I will share our perspective on the industry and highlight how our new product introductions are targeted at optimizing well construction, production, and recoveries in this market environment. And finally, I will provide an update on the GE Oil & Gas transaction and how this combination will uniquely position Baker Hughes for the future. Starting with our first quarter results, we increased our adjusted EPS by $0.26 from the fourth quarter and achieved our third consecutive quarter of positive adjusted profit from operations. Turning to the top-line, we saw solid growth in our North America onshore well construction business, particularly in our leading rotary steerable and drill bit offerings, reflective of our strong franchise in these product lines. This growth was more than offset by the deconsolidation of our North American onshore pressure pumping business, lower international revenue, which is related to non-reoccurring fourth quarter product sales, seasonality and price deterioration, and also spending declines by customers in the Gulf of Mexico. Adjusted EBITDA grew $43 million sequentially for an EBITDA margin of 14%, and looking year-over-year, in spite of a revenue decline of 15%, EBITDA increased by $200 million. Looking more closely at the market trends in the first quarter, the ramp-up in North America has been more robust than many had expected. Along with this growth, we've had to work through the challenge of supply chain tightness, with labor and materials cost inflation impacting select product lines and basins. In addition, while we have seen signs of service capacity absorption in select product lines in some North American basins, there is still a fair amount of excess service capacity that must be absorbed before service pricing gains can take hold more consistently. And to that end, for most drilling-related product lines, where we have seen strong demand, we believe we're on the cusp of pricing recovery. What we're seeing today ties back to what we said in October, when we outlined a series of milestones that we believe need to be reached in order for a broader recovery to take place, and before market predictability can return in a meaningful way. First, we said that supply/demand surplus had to be balanced, allowing commodity prices to improve. Now, since then, we've seen OpEx implementation of production cuts. But at the same time, we've also seen a significant growth in U.S. land rigs, along with an increase in production. In addition, inventory levels have remained stubbornly high, while more recent projections for global oil demand growth have been scaled back. Second, we said that commodity prices needed to stabilize and be sustained in the mid-to-high $50 range for confidence in the customer community to improve and investment to accelerate. And third, we said that activity needed to increase meaningfully before excess service capacity could be absorbed and pricing recovery could take place. Kimberly will talk more about the near-term market outlook, but in the context of those three milestones, I would characterize the North American market as still finding its footing but continuing to head in the right direction towards reaching those thresholds. At the same time, we remain mindful of geopolitical dynamics, economic growth, fiscal policy and currency fluctuations, all of which remain variables that could impact supply and demand, and by extension, oil prices. Next, I'd like to spend a few minutes sharing some observations about North America, and then I will provide some perspective on international activity. Starting with well construction, U.S. land has evolved into what I would describe as a bifurcated market, in which operators are demanding highly advanced solutions, such as our leading AutoTrak rotary steerable family, for certain challenging applications, and on the opposite end of the spectrum, conventional motor drilling and low cost completions. Both ends of the spectrum are growing and represent continued opportunities for Baker Hughes going forward. For example, as operators continue to drill longer laterals to lower their cost per barrel, this shift plays very well into our strength in the drilling and evaluation product segments, particularly our rotary steerable franchise and diverse offerings of innovative drill bits. In the first quarter, we saw strong growth across our drilling and evaluation product lines. In fact, we're sold out on the latest generation of AutoTrak and, as a result, we're accelerating our manufacturing to ensure that we continue to capture this ongoing growth. Turning to conventional drilling. We have been making strategic investments to enhance product development and our supply chain for the North America market. Later this year, we are opening a Motors Center of Excellence in Oklahoma, a fully automated robotic facility that will produce more cost efficient drilling motors, while allowing us to achieve greater maintenance and reconditioning efficiencies. This facility is a direct result of our plans announced last year to build on our core strength in product innovation, including a focus on developing more fit-for-purpose products and solutions that are available at a wider array of price points to meet customers' economic and performance objectives. Another example is the very successful launch last month of our revolutionary TerrAdapt, the industry's first drill bit with self-adjusting depth-of-cut control elements that autonomously extend and retract to create an optimal cut based on the rock formation. This allows the TerrAdapt bit to automatically change its aggressiveness to maximize rates of penetration, while mitigating vibrations and stick-slip, which are the industry's leading cause of non-productive time. This breakthrough technology is already demonstrating its value in plays such as the Permian Basin. And on a recent run, the TerrAdapt bit increased the customers' rate of penetration by 27%, compared to the average rate of penetration for offset wells drilled through the same formations. Also within well construction, we have seen customers' continued preference for lower-cost completion products, such as frac plugs. This trend is an example of how customers, while more bullish on activity, remain focused on keeping costs down, in part due to the broader market uncertainties that are still lingering out there. In recognition of this customer priority, our newly launched TORPEDO composite frac plug, which was commercialized last month, is another recent example of a fit-for-purpose product that delivers higher performance, while lowering costs for customers. The plug, which features a single set of slips versus two, contains 40% less metallic and composite material, and is 40% shorter in length compared to standard plug designs, cutting mill out times by an average of 50% without sacrificing strength and meeting our customers' performance objectives. Now turning to well production, we expect to see our chemicals business grow, as production volumes continue to increase, which follows first quarter performance in which its revenue grew in line with production. Going forward, we also expect to see growth in this business as customers gain more confidence in making investments and as production maximization becomes more of a necessity due to the aging of wells that have recently come online. Shifting to international, in the first quarter we saw a very different set of market behavior and challenges, as customers remained cautious on spending in light of market uncertainties. And, as I said earlier, customer confidence in commodity prices remains one of the key elements that is required for a sustained industry recovery. In the international land market, while we believe activity has bottomed, and that is a positive, we continue to see pricing deterioration. Offshore, both internationally and in the Gulf of Mexico, activity and pricing continued to decline, as the current oil price environment dampened customer confidence in achieving economic returns using existing technology for those longer cycle projects. As you can see, the broader market conditions and customer behavior vary significantly by region and operating environment. However, with our leading products and innovative technologies, Baker Hughes is strongly positioned to capture share and capitalize on growth opportunities across all of our product lines and geographic regions. We're leveraging our strength in well construction, as I mentioned, to outperform competitors and win business in North America and globally. For example, in the first quarter, we set drilling records in the Marcellus and Utica basins by achieving 1-mile a day, 5,280 feet in a 24-hour period on four wells, two in each of those basins I mentioned. On the last well, Baker Hughes set a new record for the Marcellus, with a remarkable 7,380 feet drilled in 24 hours. Similarly, our well production business will remain a key differentiator in a market in which production maximization becomes even more critical. For example, in January we launched the TransCoil rigless-deployed ESP system in the Middle East in partnership with Saudi Aramco. This innovative technology, for both onshore and offshore markets, features an inverted ESP system, with the motor connected directly to a new proprietary power cable configuration. This eliminates the traditional ESP power cable to motor connection, which increases the overall system reliability compared to traditional ESPs. In addition, the TransCoil system is designed to be pulled and reinstalled on a coiled tubing unit, eliminating the need for costly rigs and reducing intervention costs. Our production chemicals product line was awarded a long-term contract to supply chemicals for an ultradeepwater field in Angola. The award, which was won based on clear product differentiation in the deepwater market, is an example of we are aggressively capitalizing on offshore opportunities as they become available. In addition, we were awarded a significant three-year contract to provide wireline services in the North Sea for a major operator. We also won contracts for multiple product lines, spanning drilling and evaluation to completions for a large subsea development project in Western Australia. In Mexico, Baker Hughes was awarded the largest portion of a multiyear offshore contract for a major operator. We will provide integrated drilling, completions, and workover services for an important shallow-water development for the largest project awarded in the marine region in Mexico. And, finishing with our efforts to market Baker Hughes' products, technology and expertise to local service providers globally, a customer segment which has grown considerably in the recent years, I continue to be pleased with both our progress and the customer response that we've seen. We're currently mobilizing to support the three agreements that we signed in the fourth quarter with service providers in the U.S., Mexico, and Malaysia. And in the first quarter, we executed a large direct sale with a local service provider in China and identified additional meaningful opportunities that are in the pipeline. As I've said previously, as this market segment matures, we believe it will become another source of consistent, profitable growth for Baker Hughes. In summary, we are executing on our strategy to leverage our strength and product innovation. We have the right portfolio of products and, in spite of continued industry challenges in some market segments, we are well-positioned to capitalize on growth opportunities globally. We believe this strong position will be further bolstered through our agreement with GE, to combine Baker Hughes with GE Oil & Gas, which we continue to expect will close in mid-2017. In short, this business combination will have the unique capabilities to deliver the technology and performance enhancements that our respective customers require to navigate the volatile industry conditions that we expect will continue. The combined company will have the ability to unite the physical and digital worlds, an innovation engine that is second to none, cross-industry knowledge that spans the full stream value chain and two outstanding teams of people. I am confident that the new Baker Hughes will be the provider of choice that can deliver the technology advancements and efficiency and productivity gains that customers industry-wide are calling for to ensure maximum success and value creation throughout every phase of our industry cycles. We continue to work constructively with the regulatory agencies around the world to obtain the required approvals to complete the transaction. And we remain extremely excited about the potential of this transaction to deliver benefits to our customers, value for our shareholders, and opportunities for our employees. And we will continue to keep you updated on developments as appropriate. Now with that, I will turn it over to Kimberly and I will be back after the Q&A with some closing thoughts. Kimberly?
Kimberly A. Ross - Baker Hughes, Inc.: Thanks, Martin. Good morning, everyone. Starting with our first quarter 2017 results, revenue for the quarter was $2.3 billion, down 6% sequentially. During the quarter, we grew our North America onshore business, particularly in the well construction product line. This growth was more than offset by the deconsolidation of our North America onshore pressure pumping business, lower revenue internationally, and reduced activity in the Gulf of Mexico. On a GAAP basis, the net loss for the quarter was $129 million, or $0.30 per share. Negatively impacting our results were $114 million of adjusting items, or $0.26 per share, which included the impairment and restructuring charges of $83 million after-tax, related primarily to severance and asset impairment, and merger cost of $31 million associated with the GE transaction. The adjusted net loss, excluding these adjusting items, was $15 million, or $0.04 per share, for the quarter. Adjusted operating profit before interest and tax for the quarter was $91 million, a sequential improvement of $70 million. Despite a decline in revenue, profitability increased sequentially, driven mainly by $84 million of bad debt recoveries in Ecuador, which stem from receiving government-backed bonds in exchange for outstanding receivables that had been previously reserved, and a $42 million benefit from no longer consolidating the North America onshore pressure pumping business. These were partially offset by the impact of reduced revenue internationally, mainly from higher margin year-end sales not repeating and continued pricing deterioration, and also reduced activity in the Gulf of Mexico. Free cash flow was a negative $174 million for the quarter compared to $610 million in the fourth quarter of 2016. This was driven mainly by $415 million tax refund in the U.S. in the fourth quarter and an annual compensation related payments in the first quarter. Now let us take a closer look at our operational performance. In North America, revenue for the quarter was $712 million, down $63 million, or 8%, sequentially. Excluding the $83 million in North America onshore pressure pumping revenue from the fourth quarter, revenues grew 3%, or $20 million, sequentially. This increase was driven by solid growth in our U.S. land business, primarily in the well construction product line, and the seasonal activity uplift in Canada, partially offset by a steep activity reduction in the Gulf of Mexico, including fewer completion deliveries. Also, revenue for our upstream chemical business, which represents approximately one-quarter of our North America revenue, grew in line with production. As Martin mentioned earlier, this business more closely tracks production volumes rather than rig count. Adjusted operating loss for the North America business was $23 million, a sequential improvement of $33 million. Excluding the $42 million of North America onshore pressure pumping losses from the fourth quarter, operating losses were up by $9 million. This was a result of the high decremental operating profit from the steep activity decline in the Gulf of Mexico, which more than offset the incremental operating profit from the North America onshore revenue growth. Also, the sharp onshore activity ramp-up in North America has caused short-term supply chain challenges in certain product lines and basins, resulting in some labor and material cost inflation. Moving on to our international results. We reported revenue of $1.3 billion, down $79 million, or 6%, sequentially. Latin America revenue was down by $24 million, or 11%, sequentially, driven by activity declines across the region and the seasonal product sales not repeating in the first quarter. Revenue in the Europe/Africa/Russian Caspian segment declined by $29 million, or 6%, sequentially. This is primarily due to non-reoccurring year-end product sales, seasonal activity reductions, mostly in the Russian Caspian area, and lower activity in West Africa, particularly Nigeria, as a result of labor union strikes. For the Middle East and Asia Pacific segment, revenues were down $26 million, or 4%, sequentially. The decrease in revenue was driven primarily by the reduction in year-end product deliveries and the impact of additional price reductions in the region. Internationally, adjusted operating profit was $157 million, up $72 million sequentially, despite the decline in revenue. This was driven mainly by the $84 million of bad debt recoveries in Ecuador, partially offset by the impact of reduced activity, particularly from the higher margin product sales in the fourth quarter not repeating and pricing deterioration. Revenue for the Industrial Services segment was $227 million, down 3% sequentially. The decrease in revenue was mainly related to a seasonal activity decline in the pipeline inspection business and reduced activity in our downstream chemical business resulting from lower refinery utilization. Adjusted operating loss before tax was $6 million, with profitability down $17 million sequentially. The decrease in profitability was driven by an unfavorable mix of revenue and seasonal activity declines. Profitability was also negatively impacted by mobilization cost for upcoming projects and other one-time expenses. Now, looking ahead, based on current activity growth trends, in North America we are forecasting revenues in the second quarter to modestly increase sequentially, as activity growth in the U.S. onshore well construction product line is forecasted to more than offset the seasonal decline in Canada and ongoing activity reductions in the Gulf of Mexico. Internationally, we are expecting revenues to remain relatively flat sequentially, as offshore activity reductions and ongoing pricing deterioration are forecasted to be offset by positive growth onshore, and the seasonal uptick of our Europe/Africa/Russia Caspian segment. Our Industrial segment revenues are projected to grow in the second quarter as a result of the usual seasonal activity growth. For the second quarter, we expect our income taxes to continue to be impacted by a geographic mix of earnings, valuation allowances, and certain discrete tax items. As such, and based on our current assumptions, we expect our income tax expense to range between $50 million and $70 million in the second quarter. To summarize, while we continue to face some market headwinds through the first half of 2017, we are well-positioned to capitalize on the opportunities ahead. We remain focused on getting our merger across the finish line, while maximizing return on invested capital, growing our top-line, continuing to proactively manage our cost structure, and reducing our working capital. And with that, let's go to Q&A. Alondra?
Alondra de Oteyza - Baker Hughes, Inc.: Thank you, Kimberly. At this point, I'll ask the operator to open the lines for questions. To give everyone a fair chance to ask questions, we ask that you limit yourself to a single question and one related follow-up question. With that being said, Vince, could we have the first question, please?
Operator: Yes, ma'am. Our first question is from Byron Pope of Tudor, Pickering. Your line is open.
Byron K. Pope - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc.: Good morning.
Martin S. Craighead - Baker Hughes, Inc.: Good morning, Byron.
Byron K. Pope - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc.: Good morning. Martin or Kimberly, just to help us frame North America with BJ now deconsolidated, can you just size for us on a  just the size of U.S. land versus Canada versus Gulf of Mexico? Clearly, Gulf of Mexico was the biggest headwind in Q1 and some follow through in Q2. But, could you just help us size those different businesses? Just trying to get a feel for the mix within North America, again, with now that the North America land pressure pumping business is no longer consolidated.
Kimberly A. Ross - Baker Hughes, Inc.: Yeah, Byron, good morning. So, if you look at it, we said in the notes  prepared remarks that approximately 25% of our business is chemicals. If we then look at it, it's about 60% is U.S. land and the remaining is Gulf of Mexico.
Byron K. Pope - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc.: Okay. That's helpful. And then on the international side, Martin, I think your commentary with regard to pricing is similar to your primary competitors. And is it confined to a few geo markets and customer types or is it more broad-based? And just curious if you can provide some incremental color as to what's driving this what seems to be renewed pricing pressure on the international side.
Martin S. Craighead - Baker Hughes, Inc.: Byron, I wouldn't say it's renewed. And I'd say the intensity, if you will, of negotiations and tenders has been pretty consistent. But what you do have is a roll-through now of renewals on contracts, which is starting to impact the bottom-line. And as you heard Kimberly say, we had some restructuring charges, some of that was in the Eastern Hemisphere to get the top-line and the cost structure better aligned as these previously agreed-upon discounts roll through. As to severity by region, obviously, where you've seen some of the more striking turndowns, given the nature of the fields or the economics for our customers, what comes to mind particularly is the continent of Africa, parts of Latin America, then the severity is pretty dramatic, frankly, simply because there is not enough work in some cases for the number of suppliers that have traditionally been there. So it's a bit of a street fight. But I wouldn't say necessarily it's gotten any worse, I think, from  but from a numbers perspective you're starting to see the manifestation of some of these prior agreements come into play. The other thing that I'm not sure is fully understood, and I want to be careful how I say this, Byron, but these aren't necessarily take-or-pay agreements. These are agreements and they are contracts. But  you've been in this business a while, as you see activity start to rebound in some of these places with so much capacity coming back out, just like the customer community engages their suppliers to try to get the costs in line, the service community is pretty doggone good as well at reengaging with the customers to make sure that even in the middle of, so to speak, contracts and agreements, we'll reengage to make sure that we're getting the fair price relative to the market. So these things can  they can change pretty quickly as well.
Byron K. Pope - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc.: Thanks for the color. I appreciate it, Martin and Kimberly.
Martin S. Craighead - Baker Hughes, Inc.: You bet.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from James West of Evercore ISI. Your line is open.
James West - Evercore ISI: Hey. Good morning, Martin. Good morning, Kimberly.
Martin S. Craighead - Baker Hughes, Inc.: Good morning, James.
James West - Evercore ISI: So, Martin and Kimberly, you kind of both alluded to in the North American land market, I guess, some challenges as the ramp-up has occurred. I think it's pretty well understood by us, the challenges in the fracking business and what's happened there. But as we think about directional drilling and other product lines or completion tools, where you guys have a huge position and a market leading position, what are  outside of, say, just pure labor, what are the bottlenecks that you're starting to run into now? Is it supply chain? Is it getting motors? I mean, what's causing that?
Martin S. Craighead - Baker Hughes, Inc.: No, it's a good question, James. As you well know, while the pressure pumping business has a, let's say, greater command or demand of people and logistics and freight, a directional drilling crew still needs vehicles, it still needs 18 wheelers to move equipment, crew still need hotel rooms, inflationary pressure on bonuses and day rates, and so forth. So it's  on a percentage of revenue basis, I don't have the numbers at the finger of my tips relative to when we were consolidating pressure pumping. But no business line right now in North America, and particularly in a couple of the more active basins, is immune from cost inflation and it's something that we're working to manage, manage aggressively, both internally as well as reengaging with the customers to try to get some uplift.
Kimberly A. Ross - Baker Hughes, Inc.: And I'll just add to that. If we look at, for example, on supply chain, where obviously reductions had to take place both internally, as well as externally, from suppliers, you see over time starting to kick-in. Also on some of the raw materials, for example in chemicals, those are tied to oil prices. So you see a bit of cost coming in there. Copper, prices are going up. And in areas like cutters for drill bits also, where we've seen obviously a significant uptick in that area. So that's a particular area in drill bits, where both on the labor side, as well as the supplier side, we're seeing some constraints.
James West - Evercore ISI: Okay. And then, I guess, the follow-up there is how long until  or is it happening now, were you able to push through these inflationary pressure to your customers via pricing?
Martin S. Craighead - Baker Hughes, Inc.: It's happening now. I'd say March was maybe where we started to get some better visibility to a couple of the key product lines, getting more price, as well as the...
James West - Evercore ISI: Okay.
Martin S. Craighead - Baker Hughes, Inc.: ...customer accepting more push-through. But, James, it's  price isn't about just covering our inflation, internal inflation. It's...
James West - Evercore ISI: Sure, you won that price, for example (33:10), yeah.
Martin S. Craighead - Baker Hughes, Inc.: Absolutely.
James West - Evercore ISI: Yeah, okay. Very helpful. Thanks, guys.
Martin S. Craighead - Baker Hughes, Inc.: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Sean Meakim of JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Sean C. Meakim - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Hey. Morning.
Martin S. Craighead - Baker Hughes, Inc.: Good morning, Sean.
Sean C. Meakim - JPMorgan Securities LLC: So, Martin, I was hoping that you touch on artificial lift, as we're seeing completions now start to catch-up to drilling activity in U.S. onshore. I was curious how that's translating into onshore sales of artificial lifts. Kind of where you're seeing  what regions you're seeing traction for your product specifically?
Martin S. Craighead - Baker Hughes, Inc.: Good question, Sean. In light chemicals, it's  if you're sitting down with an asset manager or a drilling completion manager, as his portfolio of wells are starting to come online, then the conversation intensely shifts to, all right, let's put these wells on production, what's the best approach. And I characterize  I mentioned this bifurcation. There's certainly a push for productivity focus, as well as some customers are more efficiency-focused, depending on the economics in their own unique situations. And when I say efficiency, these would be artificial lift systems that are more traditional in scope, lower upfront costs, something like a gas lift, maybe a rod lift. Your more productivity focused customers are more ESP driven. They have a profile when they look at the decline curve. Do they start with ESPs? How far can that ESP take them? And then do they have a backup plan to put rod lift on the curve? Obviously, when we buckle up with GE Oil & Gas, that will help the conversation. So, obviously, the West Texas area is showing the strongest near-term growth, yet we're seeing, believe it or not, pickup in the Bakken as well as in Colorado. So it's for us naturally, the oil basins, but it's led by the West  by West Texas.
Sean C. Meakim - JPMorgan Securities LLC: And last cycle, operators who are inclined to put lift on as soon as they are completing a well, is there bit more of a gap this cycle, less incentive...
Martin S. Craighead - Baker Hughes, Inc.: Yes.
Sean C. Meakim - JPMorgan Securities LLC: ...getting them right away? Okay.
Martin S. Craighead - Baker Hughes, Inc.: This uptick has been, I think, a little bit more  a little steeper, as well as the ability to get these wells completed in a timely fashion. I think you guys have reported the increase in the delay between finishing the drilling and getting it online as the DUCs have  seems to have increased in number. So, yes, this one is a little bit more delayed. But I think the customers, as these wells start to come online, their focus from drilling and completions is going to shift to optimization and getting as much drainage and recovery as they can. And that really puts something like an ESP that can be adjusted in  it's really the best solution and not to say anything against rod lift and certainly having that in our portfolio going forward will give us a much better solution or offering to the customer to maximize that recovery per well.
Sean C. Meakim - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Got it, that makes sense. And just to tie in little more just the same product line with different application, we're seeing some offshore FIDs this year, mostly for tiebacks, sounds like some more will be coming. Can you talk about the potential there in terms of deploying ESP technology and there is some of these tieback opportunities for perhaps some subsea boosting systems?
Martin S. Craighead - Baker Hughes, Inc.: Yeah. So we've had  given the engineering that goes into a Baker Hughes Centrilift ESP, it's started for offshore applications. And now that we've  the world attention has kind of moved to these unconventionals and so forth, we've obviously broadened our portfolio to make that offering. But our core business in ESPs continues to be offshore applications. And we are encouraged by, as you say, the number of  kind of attention being shifted back to the brownfields and the tiebacks. And I would say subsea boosting as well as horizontal applications, lot of these tiebacks, just don't have the reservoir pressure that they used to have. So we're looking at dual ESPs, we're looking at horizontal ESPs to be put into the surface flow line infrastructures. And obviously, the GE Oil & Gas strong presence in subsea design and engineering separation power, to the degree that we can work with GE Oil & Gas at this stage in terms of managing the regulatory issues we've identified and have been approached by a couple of these customers to kind of engineer a comprehensive solution between Baker Hughes and GE Oil & Gas, and to the degree that we feel comfortable having those conversations, at this stage prior to the merger closing, we're engaging.
Sean C. Meakim - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Very interesting. Thank you, Martin.
Martin S. Craighead - Baker Hughes, Inc.: Sure. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Jud Bailey of Wells Fargo. Your line is open.
Judson E. Bailey - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Thank you. Good morning.
Martin S. Craighead - Baker Hughes, Inc.: Good morning, Jud.
Judson E. Bailey - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Question  Martin, you touched on in your comments that the bifurcation you're seeing for directional drilling systems  or drilling overall in the U.S. high-end versus kind of more conventional motor, is there a way you could help us think about or sizing  well, if I were to look at your portfolio, your revenue mix, however you want to frame it, like what percentage of your business is now dedicated towards high-end? I would imagine it's still relatively small, but we're trying to think about the mix you guys have and help us size up maybe the growth opportunities as you see that market continue to evolve.
Martin S. Craighead - Baker Hughes, Inc.: Yeah, and that's a tough one to answer, Jud, because depending on who you talk to, and depending on their portfolio and depending even on the customer defining high-end, I got to be honest, some people will say that what they are doing is high-end and the rest of us would scoff, but let me see if I can answer it this way. If I go back to what the customers' needs are and there're certainly a  there's a customer community out there that is looking for efficiency above all else. And there is a more, let's say, higher profile operator that is also looking to maximize the recovery and the production to the lifecycle, and I'd say that's probably by nature a little bit more longer-term focused player, more sophisticated in its in-house engineering, has more comprehensive plans about the way they complete the well, the way they put it on artificial lift, do they have on electrical grid or they're going to go to some kind of power to lift or gas to lift, and in that segment where that engineering discipline is pretty hefty inside, we're seeing some phenomenal ambitions around lateral lengths, multi-laterals, sliding sleeves or OptiPort 100, 200-stage type of discussions, pretty sophisticated artificial lift. So, on a percentage basis, let me just see if I can  I'd say that the drill bits are the fastest growing conversion, whether it's Kymera or TerrAdapt, followed by rotary steerables, which in our total drilling profile, may be 25% of the strings, but certainly on a margin basis probably 80%. That's the sector that's sold out. That's the sector we're seeing pricing gains coming. Certainly the performance justifies our higher prices. In my prepared remarks, over 7,300 feet in one day is unimaginable up in the Marcellus just a year ago. It's frightening to think a year from now what we'll drill in one day. So it's hard to put a percentage on it. On the completion side, the efficiency players are more driven to the plug-and-perf. But as I said in my remarks, the TORPEDO plug being 40% shorter than the standard plug, there is some serious engineering in that. I mean one single set of slips versus two, the lower risk of drilling those out. But that all said, you can only  from a coiled-tubing drill-out perspective, you can only get so far before you lose the torque at the bottom of the hole to drill those plugs. So then you start talking about the dissolvable plugs and our dissolvable plug business, I've got to tell you, in the first quarter was pretty strong. But on the percentage basis, the dissolvables as a percentage of total plugs is still very minimal, but growing. So I think the key thing to remember with Baker Hughes is that, on a drilling perspective, we obviously have the pole position on high-end drilling, high-end completions. We're opening the Motors Center of Excellence later this year in Oklahoma. It's a pretty sophisticated manufacturing repair center that will lower the cost per unit, turn things around faster, and so our ability to play across the entire spectrum in that bifurcation  I don't mean to point out that the bifurcation is somehow a challenge. It's simply what's evolving in the market, and understanding those segments  the devil is in the details  allows us to be more targeted and maximize the opportunity. I don't know if that makes sense or answers your question.
Judson E. Bailey - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Yeah, no, the market is moving very quickly and so that color is very helpful. Thank you for that. My follow-up is meant for Kimberly. You gave us some revenue guidance for international and North America. Could you maybe help us think about how margins would look in each, North America and international, and maybe if you're willing to take a step further, how to just think about maybe incrementals in the North America business in the back half of the year, assuming we continue to see growth and hopefully some pricing kind of come through?
Kimberly A. Ross - Baker Hughes, Inc.: Yeah. So we're not really giving any color or guidance on the overall margin for North America or internationally. What I will say is, as we noted before in international, we do expect to see some ongoing pricing deterioration, and we'll expect that to offset some pockets of growth that we expect to see onshore. And obviously, we have the uptick in Europe. Also, we have continued to focus on cost reductions. As you saw in Q1, we had some additional charges that we took for restructuring, as we look at those markets and determine where we need to take some additional costs out going forward. And a lot of this really depends on how the markets develop. If we look at the incrementals for North America, a few things affecting that, obviously, cost inflation, the mix that we have, Gulf versus on land. And we all need to keep in mind also that the chemicals, you don't see the same amount of incrementals going through as you do on the rest of the business. So we need to keep that in mind. And then also artificial lift is picking up, but it does lag the rig count. So there are some items there with regards to incrementals. And when I look at the fact that we will have cost inflation, we're also continuing to look at opportunities to get cost out, not only of the organization, where I think we've done a lot of work, but now really on supply chain and the manufacturing of the products, and whether it's by engineering solutions or working with suppliers. And I think this is where we have a real opportunity when we combine with GE to make some big steps with regards to some of those costs going forward.
Judson E. Bailey - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Okay, great. I appreciate it. I'll turn it back. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from David Anderson of Barclays. Your line is open.
David Anderson - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Great. Thanks. So, Martin, you highlighted the 3% growth in North America, it was a little bit lower than we were expecting this quarter, and only kind of modest growth in U.S.  in North America in second quarter. I was wondering if you can kind of expand a little bit more on that. At the beginning, you kind of broke down that business, but in the past you said like 50% of that business is going to be tied to the rig count, a quarter is going to lag, and the remaining is going to be tied to oil prices. Can you just kind of walk through those buckets as you see them progressing right now? I mean, it sounds like  well, I guess, kind of imply  will there be a big kind of step-up in revenue in the back part of the year, sort of this demand that we're kind of waiting to come through here?
Martin S. Craighead - Baker Hughes, Inc.: Look, we certainly expect the top-line to grow going forward, given the activity forecast we see in North America. The exposure to Baker Hughes, though, in the Gulf of Mexico is pretty substantial. And that, obviously, had an activity decline, as well as a mix shift between not only the activity decline, but also kind of the movement of some rigs from the deeper waters on to the shelf. If we move on land for the U.S., we're encouraged that, just like the previous question, the percentage of the drilling business that will move towards rotary steerables can only increase, given the fact that the lengths that our customers continue to try to pursue. And there is another subtle, I think, element to this, is that the barriers here  and I think there were some notes written on this, some good notes over the last couple of weeks, that length for length's sake isn't going to necessarily continue to produce the results. We're getting into some interference issues, boundary issues, which means that as our customers are drilling these, the ability to land the well spot-on increasingly means that a rotary steerable with some formation evaluation instrumentation in the string is increasingly critical. So, we're starting to see a shift from just blow and go these holes down as fast as you can, which is certainly a big part of the efficiency gains. But we're going to have to be very careful working with our customers, and our customers primarily, to make sure that these things are drilled as efficiently as possible. So I would say that you're going to see a strong ramp-up in the high-end mix of the drilling side of the business, but we're also investing to make sure we backstop and take our fair share of the more modest parts of the drilling business. And there's another very significant, I think, tailwind that Baker Hughes has in North America, a lot of noise around what's North American production going to do. And we can either say that we're  it's disappointing that it's going to grow or it's not going to grow as fast, we don't really know, but the underlying factor is that our chemicals business and, to a large part, the artificial lift business grows with North American production. And these wells that have just come online, they're going to age quickly in terms of the decline curve. So we see differential growth, not compared to the rig count, but we see differential growth relative to what traditional growth has been in our core chemical product line. So, I mean, when you go through each one, obviously, something like wireline is somewhat stagnant. But on the flip side, our fastest growing business right now in North America on a percentage basis is our drill bits business, and that's smoking it on just about every front we look at. And the introduction of perhaps one of the most revolutionary products that I've seen in my career is this TerrAdapt bit and what it's capable of doing. And the last thing I want to say on this is, you guys try to figure this, the future out of these North American basins, I think if you fast-forward a couple years, the role that the drill bit plays in making sure that these wells are optimized and drilled as efficiently as possible, you're going to see the bit become more of the conversation, and that's obvious. I'm not just saying that because that's a space we own. I'm telling you that what is going  what the bit is going to do to improve optimization, as well as placement, is just not going to be about the cutter. The bit itself is going to play a leading role. So I hold high expectations for what our drill bit business is going to deliver.
David Anderson - Barclays Capital, Inc.: So, Martin, towards the beginning of your remarks, you just mentioned that kind of Gulf of Mexico continues to be the headwind. Just kind of curious, I mean, do you think second quarter is a bottom here on the Gulf side. And just kind of secondarily, you'd mentioned some tender wins and be in the right places offshore. What does that mean to Baker Hughes, be in the right places offshore?
Martin S. Craighead - Baker Hughes, Inc.: No, a great question. What it means is that, is this an operator, and the ones that we won, the operators are large position holders, their company profile means that they have to make the Gulf of Mexico work. They have to the engineer some of the cost out. They're excited by  in one of the big contracts, they're excited by the buckling up with GE Oil & Gas, who is also a currently large provider. So over the three, five-year term of that contract, we have it now in our portfolio, not for what the next couple quarters will deliver, but what...
David Anderson - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Okay.
Martin S. Craighead - Baker Hughes, Inc.: ...GE and us will be able to do to together. So I'm not willing to call a bottom on the Gulf.
David Anderson - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Okay.
Martin S. Craighead - Baker Hughes, Inc.: But we should hopefully be near it.
David Anderson - Barclays Capital, Inc.: God, I hope so. Right. Thank you.
Kimberly A. Ross - Baker Hughes, Inc.: We did too.
Martin S. Craighead - Baker Hughes, Inc.: Thanks, David.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Angie Sedita of UBS. Your line is open.
Angeline M. Sedita - UBS Investment Bank: Thanks. Good morning, guys.
Martin S. Craighead - Baker Hughes, Inc.: Hi, Angie.
Angeline M. Sedita - UBS Investment Bank: Hi, Martin. So could you give us an update on the progress on the asset-light model and the opportunities that you're seeing both internationally and the U.S. and just some color there?
Martin S. Craighead - Baker Hughes, Inc.: I can, Angie. Thanks. Yeah. We kind of coined that term this time last year and we had two key elements of that. First was, taking a look at the North American business as it relates to the capital intensity of at that time our largest product line, pressure pumping. We worked through the summer and the fall. We deconsolidated that. This is our first quarter of not having that capital intensity. We love the arrangement we made. We love the CSL guys that they're really competing head-on. The business is growing strongly. No capital calls on us, which we love. And, I mean, I had somebody say to me the other day, it's pumps for hire now. The disaggregation on that business continues. I think that business, in particular, is going to be owned by the independent service companies. Local always wins, whether it's the Bakken or the South Texas. And these guys play local. They have a price point that is shocking and they're winning. So we love having 47% of a great business. Moving to the alternative business models, where we said that every product line and every basin, including North America, has to win. Let me tell you, Angie, there is not a country in the world, including the U.S., that isn't all about local value, and some are more aggressive than others. But in my 30 years in this business, everything else being equal, Angie, and it's not always technology that wins, frankly not always, which isn't good for us all the times, it's not always price that wins. But let me tell you, local always wins and I don't care where that is. It can be the Bakken or it could be in the Congo, and we signed up three really nice contracts last quarter. We had a huge sale this quarter for a local provider in Asia. Our pipeline is stacked and full. Now, I want to be honest and frank, though, as well. I mean, a lot of these new startups are challenged. I mean, there is no market in the world that's great right now, not for the big guys, not for these little startups. But in terms of the relationships we're building the ability for them to be putting Baker Hughes products into the market, once they get their feet under them, it's looking  it's definitely the right move and it's looking good. So we couldn't be more happy with the way that business is going to evolve.
Angeline M. Sedita - UBS Investment Bank: Right. That's helpful. And then on the international pricing, everybody is seeing these challenges on the pricing side, but how long do you think this pricing continues? Does the pricing pressures and the rebidding continue throughout 2017 or do you see potentially an end in sight?
Martin S. Craighead - Baker Hughes, Inc.: I think the end is in sight, Angie. I think we're going to experience some of these roll-throughs. It's still pretty aggressive. But I think the second half the conversations are going to kind of wane around pricing. And as I said, certainly on the land side of the international markets, it's waning now. The offshore not yet, but I think the 2017 will  the end of 2017 will be the  the worst will be over.
Angeline M. Sedita - UBS Investment Bank: Right. Okay, great. Thanks. I'll turn it over.
Martin S. Craighead - Baker Hughes, Inc.: Okay, folks. Listen, thanks, Angie. I want to make some closing comments. First, I want to thank everybody for being with us, but a couple of key points. First, on the markets. The international markets we think have reached bottom in terms of activity, but pricing pressure will linger as activity improves in the second half of the year. In North America, we continue to see growth and some positive pricing trends in certain basins on some certain  or specific product lines. The second point I want to make is that our portfolio is very well-positioned to capitalize on these market dynamics. The chemical business is gaining share and is positioned to grow with increased North American production growth. The artificial lift business, which does lag the rig count, is seeing increased demand. Key product lines in our D&E portfolio are absolutely sold out and we're gaining pricing momentum. We have the most comprehensive completion offering of anyone in the business, and yet we still have some pretty incredible launches in later half of this year that we'll tell you about when those happen. And the asset-light strategy that Angie just asked about, whether it be the deconsolidation of the North American pressure pumping business or the new channels to market predominantly international are gaining traction and are going to improve our capital returns and continue to grow our margins. And then the final point I want to talk about is the GE deal. Every element of the Baker Hughes strategy that we've laid out for you over the last 12 months is enhanced and accelerated by the buckling up with GE Oil & Gas. New product development is going to be accelerated via access to the technology, breadth and depth within the GE store. Supply chain synergies will continue to fuel product, cost reductions. Our go-to-market strategy will leverage the capabilities of a full stream service sector company with unparalleled geographic access. And finally, and I think most importantly, and where the customer community is certainly heading is that Baker Hughes will be uniquely positioned to drive the digital transformation, if not revolution, so badly needed in the upstream oil and gas sector. So that's our call for the quarter. I want to again thank everybody for joining us. Bye.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your participation in today's conference. This concludes the program. You may now disconnect. Everyone have a great day.

===== 2016 Q4  (2017-01-26 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Alondra de Oteyza - Baker Hughes, Inc. Martin S. Craighead - Baker Hughes, Inc. Kimberly A. Ross - Baker Hughes, Inc.
Analysts: David Anderson - Barclays Capital, Inc. James West - Evercore Group LLC Judson E. Bailey - Wells Fargo Securities LLC Byron K. Pope - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc. Scott A. Gruber - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker) Bill Sanchez - Howard Weil Kurt Hallead - RBC Capital Markets LLC James Wicklund - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker) Colin Davies - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Baker Hughes fourth quarter 2016 earnings conference call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question and answer session, and instructions will follow at that time. As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded. I would now like to introduce your host for today's conference, Mrs. Alondra de Oteyza, Director of Investor Relations. Ma'am, you may begin.
Alondra de Oteyza - Baker Hughes, Inc.: Thank you, Vince. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to the Baker Hughes fourth quarter 2016 earnings conference call. Here with me today is our Chairman and CEO, Martin Craighead; and Kimberly Ross, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Today's presentation and the earnings release that was issued earlier today can be found at our website at bakerhughes.com. As a reminder, during the course of this conference call, we will provide predictions, forecasts, and other forward-looking statements. Although they reflect our current expectations, these statements are not guarantees of future performance and involve a number of risks and assumptions. We advise you to review our SEC filings for a discussion of some of the factors that could cause actual results to differ materially. Also, reconciliation of operating profit and other non-GAAP measures to GAAP results can be found on our earnings release and on our website at bakerhughes.com under the Investor Relations section. And with that, I'll turn the call over to Martin Craighead. Martin?
Martin S. Craighead - Baker Hughes, Inc.: Thanks, Alondra. And good morning, everybody, and thanks for joining us today. This morning, I'm going to focus on three important areas. First, I'm going to share my perspective on everything that we accomplished at Baker Hughes in 2016, including an overview of the fourth quarter results. Second, I will give you an update on our pending merger with GE Oil & Gas and talk about why our excitement about this combination continues to grow. And, third, I'll give you our views on the industry outlook and how we intend to build on our momentum amid market conditions that are improved but far from robust. Starting with our fourth quarter results, in what remained a challenging market, our revenue grew 2% from the third quarter to $2.4 billion. Adjusted operating profit from operations was $40 million and positive for the second consecutive quarter, which is a testament to the success of our restructuring efforts during the second half of 2016. Now, to remind you, I'd like to review the path forward we outlined for you in May. One, we said we would simplify the organizational structural and operational footprint to improve profitability and return on invested capital. Our initial goal was to reduce annualized costs by $500 million by the end of 2016. Two, we said we would optimize our capital structure by reducing debt and buying back shares while maintaining financial flexibility. Three, we said we would focus on our core strength of product innovation in our full-service business while building broader sales channels for our products and technology, and do so with an asset-light approach that maximizes returns on invested capital. And, four, in line with that asset-light strategy, we said we intended to maximize shareholder value for our North America Land Pressure Pumping business while continuing to participate in this market segment. So now let's look at what this company delivered. On the first point, costs, we achieved the savings target by the end of the third quarter, three months ahead of schedule, and then we exceeded it. Today, I'm pleased to say that we achieved nearly $700 million in annualized cost savings by the end of 2016. Now, this was not just an exercise in removing costs; it was a complete restructuring of the company to improve efficiency, foster more accountability, and enhance performance. Yet, even as we underwent significant structural changes, the company never took its eyes off the long game. We achieved record safety performance, and our employee retention rates exceeded 2015 levels. Also, we continue to invest in the future by bolstering our recruiting presence at key universities. A lot of work went into this effort, and our focus on costs and operational discipline will continue in 2017. Regarding our second objective, optimizing our capital structure, we reduced debt by $1 billion and executed on our share buyback plan up until the merger agreement in October. In addition, we exited 2016 with $4.6 billion in cash, double the $2.3 billion at the end of 2015. Turning to our third objective. To ensure we are best positioned to capitalize on opportunities in the market, we created a flatter, simpler, and more responsive organizational structure that has allowed us to operate more efficiently and effectively, and it's working. For example, while offshore markets remain challenging, we are leveraging our differentiating position in technology to win key projects. In the North Sea, we were awarded a multiyear contract from Statoil to provide cementing and pumping services, completions, drilling and completion fluids, and integrated drilling services. In addition, we won a multimillion-dollar drilling services and wireline contract for a major operator in the Gulf of Mexico. And, in Brazil, we were awarded a multiyear, ultradeepwater contract with an IOC for drilling services, logging while drilling, wireline services, pressure pumping, drill bits, and many other services. Turning now to our plans to accelerate innovation, we exceeded our objective with nearly 70 new products launched during the last six months of 2016. That was an increase of more 50% over the first half of the year. For example, in September, we launched the Kymera XTreme hybrid drill bit, and it's having an immediate impact on the market. During the quarter, this bit achieved drilling performance records in Norway, the Netherlands, the Gulf of Mexico, the Permian Basin, Saudi Arabia, Oman, and Australia. On average, this bit is increasing the rate of penetration by 35% over competitive products. Moving to our efforts to build new sales channels for our products and technology, we've embarked on a concerted sales effort targeting the growing segment of local service providers throughout the world. This effort is already producing results. During the quarter, we entered into agreements with three local service providers in the United States, Mexico, and Malaysia. The interest among this customer segment is growing, and we are confident that this effort will differentiate Baker Hughes among competitors and become a source of consistent growth as it matures. Also, in line with our mandate of ensuring that our product lines earn the right to remain in our portfolio, we exited underperforming product lines in specific markets, the majority completed in 2016. And finishing up with our fourth objective. To maximize shareholder value, we contributed our North America land fracking and cementing business into a new company that is now the largest pure-play pressure pumping provider throughout the North American market. In addition to receiving cash from our partners as part of this transaction, we own nearly 47% of a company with outstanding technology, assets, and people, and seasoned leadership team with a successful track record of execution. The new company has a strong balance sheet, more cost-efficient structure, and even stronger prospects for growth. This deal allows us to more efficiently benefit from the improvement we're already seeing in this market while also allowing Baker Hughes to reduce capital intensity and resource requirements. In summary, we delivered on or exceeded every objective for 2016. Now, beyond all that we accomplished last year, I firmly believe that our most transformational achievement will prove to be the merger agreement with GE. This combination will not only accelerate our own momentum but provide desperately needed productivity and efficiency gains for our respective customers, significant value for our shareholders, and greater opportunities for employees of both companies. To this point, our conversations with customers have clearly indicated that they have grown frustrated with the broader oilfield services sector because there is still a sizable gap between their needs and what the service industry as a whole has been delivering. They are looking for a different set of solutions that address productivity and not just operating cost structure, which in many ways is an opportunity that frankly has run its course. As such, they want service and equipment providers to deliver on the vast promise of data analytics to enable them to make the right decisions and investments at the right time. By combining with GE Oil & Gas, we will be better able to meet these customer demands. We will have a much broader full-stream portfolio of productivity solutions that will provide the new company with more revenue diversity and resiliency throughout the industry cycles. We will have access to the advanced manufacturing and innovation capabilities that the broader GE can provide, including the ability to leverage the immense potential of GE's Predix industrial operating system. Our respective teams are working very well together on the integration planning, and there is great chemistry among our people. I have never been more confident that this the combination that's right and the best outcome for Baker Hughes, our customers, shareholders, and employees. Next, let me turn to the market outlook and how we are positioning Baker Hughes for success. It is clear that the market is in a healthier place as the result of a number of significant industry changes that have occurred over the past several months. However, while there is reason to be optimistic, there remain a number of factors that could cause the expected recovery to occur more slowly and less smoothly than some anticipate. I'd like to walk you through our rationale for this view. In October, we said that a series of milestones needed to be reached in order for a broader recovery to take place and before market predictability could return in a meaningful way. First, we said the supply-demand surplus had to rebalance, allowing commodity prices to improve. Since October, two things have materially changed. We've seen OPEC's decision to scale back production, and we have seen forecasted demand for 2017 to increase by 1.6 million barrels a day. Taken together, and adjusting for drawdown of global inventories, this would point toward a balancing of supply and demand in the second half of 2017. However, as we also said previously, the North American shale segment remains a wildcard in all of this. Since details of OPEC's plan surfaced, rig counts have increased by 33% in the United States, with over 170 rigs added and a corresponding increase in U.S. shale production already underway. Second, we said that commodity prices needed to stabilize for confidence in the customer community to improve and investment to accelerate. We continue to believe that North American operators need sustained prices in the mid to high $50 range for this to occur. The North American shale operators' ability to rapidly increase production has resulted in commodity price recovery being shallower than expected, bringing uncertainty to the sustainability of these recent price increases. And, third, we said that activity needed to increase meaningfully before excess service capacity could be absorbed and pricing recovery could take place. We have seen the first signs of this in select product lines in a few of the North American basins, but I still believe there remains a fair amount of capacity that must be absorbed before service pricing will become more tightly correlated with higher commodity prices and increased activity. With this backdrop, it's clear the market has taken a positive turn, and we have all the elements in play for recovery. Turning to international markets. We expect overall activity to be flat to down in the first half of the year, with upwards movement in the second half. We will see pockets of continuing growth onshore that we intend to leverage. In contrast, we expect offshore markets to remain challenging throughout 2017, but as demonstrated by our recent contract wins, we are very well-positioned to capture opportunities as they arise. So, in summary, 2016 was a year of significant progress for Baker Hughes, marked by a lot of hard work that led to many accomplishments. We begin 2017 with a much more optimistic industry outlook, but one that is not completely devoid of challenges and unanswered questions. As we look ahead, we are excited to build on this momentum, and we are confident that the company is well-positioned for success in any market scenario. And with that, I'd now like to turn it over to Kimberly. Kimberly?
Kimberly A. Ross - Baker Hughes, Inc.: Thanks, Martin. Good morning, everybody. Starting with the 2016 full-year results, revenue was $9.8 billion, down 37% from 2015. This was an extremely tough year for the oilfield, with rig counts dropping another 32% compared to the 2015 average and pricing pressures worsening as oil prices bottomed at $26 earlier in the year. The most severe revenue decline was in our North American onshore pressure pumping business, which declined 82% as we strived to maintain cash flow positive operations in what were unsustainable pricing conditions. Adjusted EBITDA for the year was $493 million, with $535 million generated in the second half of the year as a result of cost reduction efforts. In 2016, we generated $4.2 billion of free cash flow, including the $3.5 billion merger termination fee. And we ended the year with $4.6 billion in cash. Moving to our quarterly results. Revenue for the quarter was $2.4 billion, up 2% sequentially. This growth was mainly the result of increased activity in North America and a few areas internationally, particularly in the Middle East, as well as better-than-expected year-end product sales. These increases were partially offset by reduced activity in the North Sea resulting from labor union strikes, seasonal weather delays, and project postponements. On a GAAP basis, the net loss for the quarter was $417 million or $0.98 per share. Negatively impacting our results were two items. First, $107 million of income tax expense in the quarter, or an equivalent of $0.25 per share, as a result of having a negative 35% tax rate. The negative tax rate in 2016 is driven primarily by the geographic mix of earnings and valuation allowances recorded against U.S. and non-U.S. deferred tax assets. Second, $291 million of adjusting items, or $0.68 per share, which included a loss on sale of a majority interest in our North America Land Pressure Pumping business of $97 million, severance charges of $69 million, contract terminations of $46 million, asset impairments of $30 million, inventory write-off of $30 million related to products that were not contributed to the pressure pumping venture, and merger costs of $19 million associated with the GE deal. The adjusted net loss, excluding the $291 million of adjusting items, was $126 million or $0.30 per share for the quarter. Adjusted operating profit before interest and tax for the quarter was $21 million, a sequential improvement of $14 million. The increase in profitability was driven mainly by increased revenue, lower operating costs from restructuring actions, and a $23 million investment gain in the quarter. This was partially offset by the $45 million of non-reoccurring benefits that we disclosed in the prior quarter. Adjusted EBITDA for the quarter was $266 million, which represented an 11% EBITDA margin. Free cash flow was $610 million for the quarter, which was up by $501 million sequentially. The majority of this increase was due to a $415 million tax refund in the U.S. Please note that this does not include the $142 million of proceeds from the pressure pumping transaction, which we reported on our cash flow statement under investing activities. Now, let us take a closer look at our operational performance. In North America, revenue for the quarter was $775 million, up $101 million or 15% sequentially. Excluding the onshore pressure pumping business, revenues grew 9.3% or $59 million sequentially. The increase was driven by improved U.S. onshore activity, a seasonal uplift in Canada, and higher completion deliveries in the Gulf of Mexico. In North America, our drilling services and completion system product lines were up sequentially 22% and 18%, respectively. Revenue for our upstream chemicals business, which represents approximately one-quarter of our North America revenue, was relatively flat sequentially, as this business more closely tracks production volumes rather than rig count. Adjusted operating loss for the North American business was $56 million, a sequential improvement of $18 million. Excluding the onshore pressure pumping business, operating profit margins were a negative 2.2%. The sequential improvement was due to an increased revenue and savings from ongoing cost reductions, partially offset by headwinds from $28 million of non-reoccurring items benefiting the third quarter. Moving on to our international results. We reported revenue of $1.4 billion, down $9 million or 1% sequentially. Latin America revenues were down by $18 million or 7% sequentially. This was driven primarily by reduced activity in Brazil, where the rig count declined 29%, and a large one-time product sale in Colombia in the third quarter, not repeating. Revenue in the Europe/Africa/Russia and Caspian segment declined by $29 million or 6% sequentially. Labor union strikes, weather delays, and project postponements impacted activity in the North Sea. Also, revenues declined as a result of unfavorable exchange rates in the region and labor union strikes in Nigeria. The revenue reduction in these two segments were partially offset by year-end product sales. For the Middle East and Asia Pacific segment, revenues were up $38 million or 6% sequentially. The increase in revenue was primarily from year-end product sales in Qatar, China, and Saudi Arabia, along with some pockets of growth in the Middle East. Internationally, adjusted operating profit was $85 million, down $7 million sequentially. The decrease in profitability was driven by activity declines in the North Sea, Brazil, and Colombia, the latter related to the one-time sale last quarter, and $14 million in foreign exchange losses as a result of the devaluation of the Egyptian pound. This was partially offset by higher margin year-end product sales and savings from cost-reduction efforts. Revenue for the Industrial Services segment was $233 million, down 13% sequentially. This was driven primarily by project delays and seasonal activity declines in the process and pipeline business, particularly on the maintenance side. Adjusted operating profit before tax was $11 million, down $15 million sequentially. The decline in profitability was related to the seasonal activity drop. Also, the third quarter included a $3 million benefit that did not repeat in the fourth quarter. Now, looking ahead to 2017. In North America, we are forecasting revenues in the first quarter to slightly decline as activity growth, primarily in our well construction product line, will be more than offset by the deconsolidation of the onshore pressure pumping business and reduced activity in the Gulf of Mexico. Our 46.7% non-controlling ownership in our North America pressure pumping venture will be reported as an equity method investment. Prior quarters will not be restated. Internationally, we're expecting a mid to upper single-digit decline in revenue for the first quarter as a result of the seasonal decline in product sales, typical winter weather slowdowns in our Europe/Africa/Russian and Caspian segment, and continued pricing pressures. Our industrial segment will also experience the usual seasonal declines. Based on our current view of the market, adjusted operating profit is currently forecasted to be relatively flat sequentially. Increased profitability in North America from the deconsolidation of the onshore pressure pumping business and onshore activity growth are expected to be offset by lower profitability internationally from year-end product sales and the investment gain in corporate not reoccurring in the first quarter. At this point in the cycle, our income taxes are highly unpredictable and are expected to continue to be impacted by geographic mix of earnings, valuation allowances, and certain discrete tax items. Based on our current assumptions, we expect our income tax to range between $50 million and $70 million in the first quarter. Depreciation and amortization expense is expected to slightly decline sequentially as a result of the deconsolidation of the onshore pressure pumping business, which was $13 million in the fourth quarter. Capital expenditures for the first quarter are expected to range between 5% and 7% of total revenue. To summarize, we delivered on our objectives for the second half of 2016, and while we have some significant headwinds in the first half of 2017, we are well positioned to capitalize on the opportunities ahead. We remain focused on generating positive cash flows by proactively managing our cost structure, reducing our working capital, and maximizing return on invested capital. And with that, let's go to Q&A. Alondra?
Alondra de Oteyza - Baker Hughes, Inc.: Thank you, Kimberly. At this point, I'll ask the operator to open the lines for your questions. To give everyone a fair chance to ask questions, we ask that you limit yourself to a single question and one related follow-up question. With that being said, Vince, could we have the first question, please?
Operator: Yes, ma'am. Our first question comes from David Anderson of Barclays. Your line is open.
David Anderson - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Thank you very much. Martin, your top line North America performance outpaced the peers this quarter. I was wondering if you could provide a little bit more context there. Looks like Gulf of Mexico might actually been a benefit this quarter along with Canada. I was wondering if you could help us break out the different components for us.
Martin S. Craighead - Baker Hughes, Inc.: Good morning, Dave. I'd put this way: The pressure pumping business grew 100% sequentially. Now, granted, that's off of some relatively smaller numbers. And the Gulf of Mexico was up slightly, particularly on the frac boats. But certainly, the drilling business, be it the bits or our LWD AutoTraks, were up between 25% and 30% sequentially. And, if you remember, this is something we highlighted back in the third quarter as to the demand signature for that technology, as these laterals continue to get longer and longer. So it was a bit across the board, and you're right, the Gulf was up a bit. Canada was up around high single digits, mid-teens, but the real drivers was our drilling group.
David Anderson - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Okay. Thank you. And maybe just kind of switching over to international, I guess your comments are a bit bearish here on the international outlook, where (26:24) you're talking about kind of declines in the first half. I was wondering if you could just kind of maybe help us understand a little bit what your customers are doing and what they're saying these days. Seems like NOC spending should be fairly steady, but how about the IOCs? What are they looking for right now to start getting back to work? You mentioned deepwater doesn't look very promising this year. So what do these IOCs need to see in order to start getting more aggressive and start spending more money in the market?
Martin S. Craighead - Baker Hughes, Inc.: It's a great question. And it's a mix, right? You segmented it between NOCs and IOCs, but even in those two categories, certainly different temperaments and different risk appetites. But, as we said back in the third quarter, and we're holding to that, for our offshore IOCs, it's got to be north of $60, probably north of $65, to encompass the majority of them. And it's got to hold there for a while. Now, it varies. Certainly, deepwater West Africa has a different profile in terms of customers and also the risk appetite versus, let's say, the more mature North Sea basins. And of course, as you well know, Dave, I mean, it's just a longer cycle commitment, and that's where the durability of these commodity prices just have to hang there for a while  and again starting with a 6. I think it's  and it's very possible that by the second half, I hope we didn't come across too negative on the deepwater. We said it's  the decline in the first half will be more severe in that segment, but there's no denying the productivity of these deepwater basins, and they're not going to be ignored. Our peers in the service sector on that area particularly, particularly the subsea companies, they're working through their cost profile. And I think as that starts to materialize in the FEED studies and so forth, and the FIDs, you're going to see more of these projects come to pass in the second half. So I mean it does depend greatly on commodity price and the durability of that price. But fundamentally you just can't ignore what those basins have in terms of productivity. So we remain very optimistic. It's just a timing issue, but it's getting a brighter outlook than it was, say, six months ago.
David Anderson - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Great. Thank you, Martin.
Martin S. Craighead - Baker Hughes, Inc.: You're welcome.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from James West of Evercore ISI. Your line is open.
James West - Evercore Group LLC: Hey. Good morning, Martin. Good morning, Kimberly.
Martin S. Craighead - Baker Hughes, Inc.: Good morning, James.
Kimberly A. Ross - Baker Hughes, Inc.: Good morning.
James West - Evercore Group LLC: So, Martin, I guess I wanted to follow up a little bit on Dave's last question about the international business. I mean, it seems to me at this point, with a lack of FIDs for the last two years, that you have to have customers that are becoming increasingly concerned about their production as we get out into kind of 2019, 2020, 2021. And so while understanding that they want a 6 handle before they go forward with major particularly offshore projects, in your conversations, how much is the production side playing into their thought process relative to just the pure oil price forecast?
Martin S. Craighead - Baker Hughes, Inc.: Oh, I think that's a very good point. My customer community at the highest level is concerned about replacement ratios, long-term asset base. And there's certainly headline-grabbing North America acquisitions by IOCs and as they position themselves. But it's a lot of hard work to bring a barrel on in North America. I mean, it's why it's called an industrial operation. It's a lot of activity, a lot of work. And yet you look at the reservoir profiles in these deepwater basins, those are company makers, and those are the reserve replacements that our IOC community needs going forward. So it's all hands on deck on our customer side, as well as us, GE, for example, in getting that cost curve down, and we're getting there. And, again, it plays right into the merger announcement in terms of being able to put together a full-stream solution. So I'm convinced that  and while it's maybe not flavor-of-the-month, deepwater right now, there's no getting away from the fact that our IOC customers need that in their portfolio, and I don't want to be provocative or anything, but without that, then our IOCs are not IOCs, and it's a big part of their go-forward valuations.
James West - Evercore Group LLC: Right, okay. That's consistent, I think, with our view. And then, on your rotary steerable business, your directional drilling business in North America in shale plays, I think last quarter during the Q&A you talked about how you were sold out in that business, and it sounds like you had, obviously, a very good quarter in the fourth quarter with AutoTrak, et cetera. Are you adding capacity, at this point, to meet the increased demand? Because it looks like North America will be up substantially in terms of drilling activity this year.
Martin S. Craighead - Baker Hughes, Inc.: We are. So the answer to your question is yes. But as you've heard us, both Kimberly and I, and you'll hear it throughout our organization, return on capital.
James West - Evercore Group LLC: Right.
Martin S. Craighead - Baker Hughes, Inc.: So equipment goes where it's loved the most, and not every basin in North America is created equal right now in terms of pricing. But, yes, we are bringing more tools out, but we're not going to lose discipline on the amount of money we're making on them.
James West - Evercore Group LLC: Okay, great. Thanks, Martin.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Jud Bailey of Wells Fargo Securities. Your line is open.
Judson E. Bailey - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Thanks. Good morning.
Martin S. Craighead - Baker Hughes, Inc.: Good morning, Jud.
Kimberly A. Ross - Baker Hughes, Inc.: Good morning.
Judson E. Bailey - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Hey, a question  I wanted to get you to discuss, if you could, Martin, how to think about your North America business now with deconsolidating the pressure pumping business. It's a lot of production chemicals, a lot of artificial lift. Can you help us think about the projection of that business perhaps relative to the rig count? You'll have some areas that lag the rig count. And then help us think about the margin profile incrementals as that business grows over the next one to two years.
Martin S. Craighead - Baker Hughes, Inc.: Just think about the North American portfolio. What do you want to be in? You want to have a leading drilling position in terms of technology, and you want to play into the trend of longer laterals. And there's nothing on the market like the AutoTrak, given its proportional steering and ability. Then you move to the completions business, which is continuing to challenge our customers. So we have things like the OptiStriker and of course sliding sleeve, as well as  which is still being used in certain basins. And then, of course, you even have, as these laterals get longer, the need for more material sciences around the dissolvable plugs. And then you move to the production side, where we have a leading franchise in terms of our chemical business and of course the high-end artificial lift business. I mean, it's fantastic. Now, as you rightly inquire, the margin curves or the volatility is much more muted in something like chemicals. So it gives us more resiliency, but it doesn't track the rig count, and it's not going to be as explosive. And certainly now going forward, it makes up nearly a quarter of our business. So it's the right portfolio and it's  I'll leave it at that. And, Kimberly, can you talk to the margins, or are you going to  ?
Kimberly A. Ross - Baker Hughes, Inc.: So obviously as we start seeing more activity come through with the cost base that we have, we'll see incrementals. We're not going to give a number today on that. And I think also keep in mind that with the lower business of pressure pumping, which was obviously a lower margin for us, and the fact that we'll be more asset-light, we expect a better return on capital overall going forward in the North America operations.
Judson E. Bailey - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Okay. Thanks for that. And I wanted to follow up, Kimberly, on your operating profit kind of guidance for the first quarter. I just want to make sure I'm comparing to the right thing. Are we to look at the $21 million in operating income, the adjusted operating income number for the fourth quarter to think about the first quarter, just to make sure we're benchmarking it correctly?
Kimberly A. Ross - Baker Hughes, Inc.: Yes. You're correct.
Judson E. Bailey - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Okay. All right. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Sean Meakim of JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Martin S. Craighead - Baker Hughes, Inc.: Sean, you there?
Alondra de Oteyza - Baker Hughes, Inc.: I think we lost Sean.
Operator: Our next question is from Byron Pope of Tudor, Pickering, Holt. Your line is open, sir.
Byron K. Pope - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc.: Yeah, good morning.
Martin S. Craighead - Baker Hughes, Inc.: Good morning, Byron.
Byron K. Pope - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc.: Martin, the Middle East/Asia Pacific region is second only to North America in terms of the revenues for the company, and so seasonal factors in Q1 aside, could you just speak to what you see in some of your Middle East onshore geo markets? Clearly the year-end product sales were stronger than what you would have expected, but again if you could just give your thoughts on how you see the outlook progressing for some of your Middle East onshore geo markets this year, that'd be helpful.
Martin S. Craighead - Baker Hughes, Inc.: Sure, Byron. There's a bit of a disconnect between the OPEC cuts that were announced and what we're forecasting at least for the next six months in terms of activity. And I have to hand it to our customers there. The governments have long-term strategic plans. They keep their NOC subsidiaries kind of on notice that they want to have a certain production capacity. Some of our Middle East countries and clients have not wavered from their long-term 2020 or 2025 production goals. So we've seen no pullback that would kind of correlate, if you will, to the announcement on a production cut. We still expect it to be relatively steady and a couple pockets, so some of the more midsize to smaller players in the Middle East are actually going to increase. So it's a positive environment, at least for the first half, in that region.
Byron K. Pope - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc.: Okay. And then just a short follow-up related to the  you mentioned the three arrangements you now have in place with local OFS players in the U.S., Mexico, and Malaysia. I'm assuming those discussions were ongoing for a while. But just could you speak to the extent to which the combination with GE may have helped get those arrangements across the finish line?
Martin S. Craighead - Baker Hughes, Inc.: I think once the combination occurs, it will probably provide a broader relationship, potentially. But at this stage, we're opportunity rich in that area, and we're going through the processes and making sure all the T's are crossed and I's are dotted. We have no lack of interest, as I said in my comments, in that area. We're a little ahead of schedule. We brought a few online in the fourth quarter when we told you we thought it would be the first half.
Byron K. Pope - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc.: Right.
Martin S. Craighead - Baker Hughes, Inc.: So it's very positive. And I think it'll only get more positive once we have a bigger catalog, so to speak.
Byron K. Pope - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc.: Thank you. Appreciate it.
Martin S. Craighead - Baker Hughes, Inc.: You're welcome.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Scott Gruber of Citigroup. Your line is open.
Scott A. Gruber - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Yes. Good morning.
Martin S. Craighead - Baker Hughes, Inc.: Good morning, Scott.
Kimberly A. Ross - Baker Hughes, Inc.: Good morning.
Scott A. Gruber - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Martin, I just want to continue on with Byron's question. As you think about your go-to-market strategy abroad, post the GE deal, has anything changed with how you think about that strategy going forward?
Martin S. Craighead - Baker Hughes, Inc.: No. Absolutely not. And it wouldn't be appropriate at this stage, given the regulatory process. I mean, the integration teams are working very well together. They're focused on organizational design; they're focused on operating models. And we're looking at validating and feeling comfortable with synergy targets. But as it relates to the go-to-market strategy, I see that further down once regulatory approval is given. But I would just tell you this  and, again, it gets back to the previous question  it's a broader catalog and probably even more channels than what we had set out prior to our discussions with GE.
Scott A. Gruber - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): And then a question on pricing internationally. We're hearing that concession requests are being made again in the Middle East. How much of a headwind is pricing in the Middle East and elsewhere across the markets abroad, and are there any pockets of improvement that you're seeing at this point, internationally?
Martin S. Craighead - Baker Hughes, Inc.: No. There's no pockets of improvement internationally. I mean, it's  not in the first half. And it gets back to what we see with regards to commodity prices. But everything starts in North America and kind of ends in North America. And, as I said, we're kind of at the end of the downturn. We're starting to  I think we're on the cusp of a sustained recovery. The question is timing and intensity, but it's certainly looking a lot more positive. That washes to the other shores where we work and the clients' own changes. Certainly, our customer communities in the Eastern Hemisphere has a different tone. They're more optimistic. But, again, it gets to the longer-cycle nature. And we got to see capacity get absorbed in North America to where it starts to really tighten up the conversations in the Eastern Hemisphere. But I'd say the pricing in the fourth quarter in the Eastern Hemisphere is probably the worst I've ever seen potentially that I can remember. Let's put it that way.
Kimberly A. Ross - Baker Hughes, Inc.: And I'd just add to that also that obviously we still have annualization of contracts coming through from price concessions that were given before. And we still obviously have some longer-term contracts that are rolling over and get renewed at lower pricing, so just keep that in mind as we go through the year.
Scott A. Gruber - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Got it. Appreciate the color.
Martin S. Craighead - Baker Hughes, Inc.: You bet.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Bill Sanchez of Howard Weil. Your line is open.
Bill Sanchez - Howard Weil: Thanks. Good morning. Kimberly, my question for you, just back onto 1Q and just again trying to understand the operating income guide 1Q versus 4Q. Given the numbers that you stated in your prepared comments, when we strip out pressure pumping in North America, by my math it equates to that you get about a $40 million EBIT pickup in 4Q that of course you get to carry into 1Q. So help us on the merely flat here. Would suggest that, I mean, I guess, look, pressure pumping would improve relative to that but that international maybe is down more sharply from an EBIT contribution perspective. So do I have the math wrong here? Or help us a little bit, please.
Kimberly A. Ross - Baker Hughes, Inc.: I think a few things that you need to keep in mind is, first of all, we have the seasonality that typically takes place in Q1. We also will not have a repeat of the direct sales. You also, on  while North America is expected to be up, international is expected to be down. And also with pricing, as we just discussed. So you have a few moving parts taking place there. So obviously the pressure pumping being a plus, but then we have some things going the other direction. And then also we have the $23 million that we mentioned of an investment gain that we had in quarter four that does not repeat in quarter one. So there are few moving parts there.
Bill Sanchez - Howard Weil: Okay. So the non-pressure pumping businesses in North America 1Q are down relative to 4Q from an EBIT perspective. Is that fair?
Kimberly A. Ross - Baker Hughes, Inc.: Well, we're not giving necessarily a straight EBIT number on that. So we're not giving you guidance specifically on the North America business. So what we have said is that on the top side is well construction will be offset by the deconsolidation of the pressure pumping, and also we have some reduced activity that we expect in Gulf of Mexico.
Bill Sanchez - Howard Weil: Okay. One other question, Kimberly, just 4Q cleanup here. Are you able to give us what I would call the recurring tax rate would have been, or tax benefit would have been, in 4Q?
Kimberly A. Ross - Baker Hughes, Inc.: Not as a tax. But obviously, right now, we don't have tax benefit. Right? Because any benefits are being offset by the fact that we have to put valuation allowances up against those benefits. So thus the reason also that we continue to have a kind of distorted tax rate, coupled with the fact that we continue to pay withholding taxes and other taxes that go in there also. So that's why we tried giving you some guidance for quarter one. We're getting brave out here and giving you some guidance there on the $50 million to $70 million that we expect of a charge for quarter one, but this continues to be volatile, and obviously it's very dependent on the earnings mix, the geographic mix of where the earnings come through.
Bill Sanchez - Howard Weil: Okay. I appreciate the time. I'll turn it back.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Kurt Hallead of RBC. Your line is open.
Kurt Hallead - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Hey. Good morning.
Martin S. Craighead - Baker Hughes, Inc.: Morning, Kurt.
Kurt Hallead - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Hey, I just wanted to get a sense  Martin, you spent a lot of time this morning talking about having to earn the capital within the product line dynamics internally. You think about that in total, where do you think the opportunities lie to maybe move some equipment, move some of that capital? And again, for competitive reasons, I'm not going to ask you to get specific about it, but one of your competitors indicated that they'd be willing to effectively pull out some of their assets out of the Gulf of Mexico and move them other places if they don't get the returns that they're seeking. So just curious as to your thought process on that.
Martin S. Craighead - Baker Hughes, Inc.: Well, look, our operational folks, along with our product line folks, have regular rigorous discussions as to the earnings potential, not only with the new assets that are coming out of manufacturing but the existing assets. As we said in our prepared remarks, we had some significant deepwater wins in Brazil, West Africa, and so forth, and the North Sea. And those are at numbers that justify pulling tools from certain places. And my comment around it all starts in North America and ends in North America  my having lived and worked overseas and engaged with the customer community in those respective basins, the vibe in North America, given the intensity of work, the service intensity, very quickly changes conversations. Now, you have longer-term contracts and so forth, but this industry needs to have more discipline when it comes to return on capital. We do certainly as a company, and we're not shy about having the conversation with our customers that equipment needs to go where it's loved the most, and that's why I think that North America could be a catalyst sooner rather than later with regards to what's going on in the rest of the world, and I  appreciate, I can't give you specifics of where things are moving right now. But it's a very rigorous and frequent conversation between our ops and product line folks.
Kimberly A. Ross - Baker Hughes, Inc.: Yeah. And this is Kimberly. And I would add to that, I think the new organization structure has really helped us in this also, because you have Belgacem, along with Art and obviously finance helping along there, too, and others, really taking a look at what's the total amount of assets that we have, where do we think the growth is going to be with regards to different product lines, and then within the different regions. And we have, I think, strong processes also now to know where the tools are and how to share the tools across the operation. And so, to Martin's point, the rigor that's gone into this, I would like to think, is step-changing versus how we were doing things in the past. And so feeling good about not only where we move tools to but also do we build new tools based on where we see opportunities going forward.
Kurt Hallead - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Okay. Thanks for that. And I want to follow-up with this  and, Kimberly, you provided some very good specific, again, guidance on first quarter. Now, can you help us  how do we think through the equity and earnings line with the BJ rights? Private company now. And that's going to, obviously, have an impact, at least, on the earnings per share number. You gave us the operating profit guidance, but how should we think about that equity and earnings line in the first quarter?
Kimberly A. Ross - Baker Hughes, Inc.: Yeah. So obviously, as a private company, we will not be giving guidance on their number specifically. You will have visibility to it each quarter. Obviously, the objective here is to see improvement in the overall performance of that business, and they're going to have a leaner cost structure. And also, as they start with this uptick and they're reinvesting in that business, they're doing it mindfully so and keeping their eye on cost. And so we do expect to see improvement in the performance versus what you saw in the recent quarters while it was 100% under Baker Hughes. So, with that said, we will not be giving guidance on that. I think once you see the Q1 results in our equity, it'll give a better sense. So apologize that right now I can't give you a number to plug in there.
Kurt Hallead - RBC Capital Markets LLC: That's okay with no number, but from a logic standpoint, given everything you just said, I would imagine it would still be a drag, at least in the first quarter. It'd still be kind of a negative contribution. Is that a logical way to think it through?
Kimberly A. Ross - Baker Hughes, Inc.: Yeah. I think that's a logical way to think about it.
Kurt Hallead - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Okay. Thanks so much. Appreciate it.
Martin S. Craighead - Baker Hughes, Inc.: You're welcome.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Jim Wicklund of Credit Suisse. Your line is open.
James Wicklund - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Good morning, guys.
Martin S. Craighead - Baker Hughes, Inc.: Good morning, Jim.
James Wicklund - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Martin, IOCs rarely increase their budgets midyear. So your discussion of improvement in the second half of the year internationally, is that from expectations of NOC spending picking up, or are these projects and contracts that you have or will secure during the second half of the year that you feel confident about?
Martin S. Craighead - Baker Hughes, Inc.: I agree with what you said, but I also get the feeling that given the uncertainty that's out there and the hope or anxiousness that its worst is behind us, I'm not so sure that that  budget adjustments midyear won't be different. And, look, in many, many cases, the budgets are either still in flux or haven't been formally announced. So we remain  I think second half offshore deepwater is going to have a different complexion. And that's where I'm at, Jim.
James Wicklund - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Okay. So it's mostly deepwater as opposed to just broadly international that you think will pick up in the second half. Okay.
Martin S. Craighead - Baker Hughes, Inc.: I think across the board internationally offshore with  that certain deepwater basins will look differently in the second half than the first half, yes.
James Wicklund - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Okay. I appreciate it. My follow-up  you note your three local service provider opportunities that you've taken advantage of, and I know the assumption had been among many that it'd be places in Saudi with their 70% local content guidance, and Malaysia's no surprise. The one in the U.S. is a surprise. Can you talk about how that's structured and what product lines are involved in the U.S. partnership, or is that just pressure pumping and I'm missing it?
Martin S. Craighead - Baker Hughes, Inc.: I guess we could have included the pressure pumping one, but, no, that's not it. I could probably tell you, but I don't want to in terms of what product line. But I will tell you this, that given again the areas around, let's say, barrier to entry, investment, infrastructure, and you just look at the value proposition, the price point that has to be reached, I'll let you draw  you know this business. I'll let you draw the conclusion of which one of those in our portfolio in North America  it's got an element of scale to it. And, as Kimberly said, we look at the amount of money that's required and what's the return on that going to be versus what's it going to be in the next-generation LWD, and we just said, let's let somebody else distribute it on our behalf.
James Wicklund - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Okay. That's helpful. Thanks, guys, very much.
Martin S. Craighead - Baker Hughes, Inc.: You bet.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Colin Davies of Bernstein. Your line is open.
Colin Davies - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: Good morning, everybody.
Martin S. Craighead - Baker Hughes, Inc.: Good morning.
Kimberly A. Ross - Baker Hughes, Inc.: Good morning.
Colin Davies - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: I just wanted to see if we could get a little bit more color around competitive activity in some of the product lines in North America. You talked about the pricing profile and revenue profile. But around equipment reactivation, are the competitors exhibiting some discipline here around reactivations, or do you think we're going to have a chase of market share resuming?
Martin S. Craighead - Baker Hughes, Inc.: Well, I can't speak for my competitors. I would say that in product lines that have a low barrier to entry  and pressure pumping, frankly, is one of those  I think you're going to see capacity adds. The guy who's willing to accept the lowest return is generally  sets the returns for everybody else, because he's willing to bring in capacity. And when that playing field is a lot of participants, then that's a challenge. And that leads to the outcome that we announced in the fourth quarter. On the offset of that, whether it's high-end flow assurance chemicals, whether it's rotary steerables, whether it's high-end completions, or the next-generation type of artificial lift technology, that's a different ballgame, and I can only speak from Baker Hughes' perspective, but as Kimberly said, we're going to be extremely disciplined when it comes to capacity.
Colin Davies - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: Okay. And just a follow-up around  and there were some comments earlier around the nature of contracts and the rollover of some of the price concessions that have occurred on the way down. Are you able to see whether your customers are trying to get more extended-term contracts to try and lock in lower prices? And what's your attitude to that in the balance between sort of activity capture and pricing?
Martin S. Craighead - Baker Hughes, Inc.: Well, it's a mix, but that's an insightful question, and the customer community is clearly trying to lock in longer-term contracts. We look at each one very closely, and we're in general avoiding that type of outcome. If it does have that in this particular environment, then it has kick-out clauses or escalation opportunities. But, yes, there is a bias in the customer community now to try to button down service agreements for the longer term. And in general we're not biting.
Colin Davies - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: Great. That's very helpful. Thank you very much.
Martin S. Craighead - Baker Hughes, Inc.: You're welcome. Okay, folks. Listen, I want to bring this to a close. And I want to, first of all, thank all of you for joining us. Let me just summarize a couple of points. Baker Hughes is executing on the strategy that we articulated for all of you back in May, and it's working. We delivered nearly $730 million improvement in adjusted operating profits from the first half to the second half of 2016, despite continued market headwinds through that time. In the fourth quarter alone, we generated $632 million of cash flow from operations, and we grew the top line sequentially, securing a number of critical, important strategic wins. The innovation engine in Baker Hughes is in full throttle. We beat our target for new products to market, and we successfully launched our commercial model earlier than we had anticipated for those new sales channels. As we set our technology agenda for creating a step change in productivity for our customers, we firmly believe our merger with GE Oil & Gas will be revolutionary, particularly as we begin to operationalize the full potential of digital technology in the upstream sector. And, finally, we've laid out our views on how we see the market evolving over the coming next couple of quarters and years. And despite a few remaining challenges, the outlook is considerably more positive, particularly for our North America business. With the actions we've taken over the last couple of quarters, I like where we are right now with our portfolio. We are in the right geographies, and we have the right asset mix, and we're positioned extremely well for the upcoming recovery. So again thanks, all of you, for joining us. Bye.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your participation in today's conference. This concludes the program. You may now disconnect. Everyone have a great day.

===== 2016 Q3  (2016-10-25 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Alondra de Oteyza - Baker Hughes, Inc. Martin S. Craighead - Baker Hughes, Inc. Kimberly A. Ross - Baker Hughes, Inc.
Analysts: Judson E. Bailey - Wells Fargo Securities LLC James West - Evercore ISI Byron K. Pope - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc. Sean C. Meakim - JPMorgan Securities LLC Kurt Hallead - RBC Capital Markets LLC William Sanchez - Scotia Howard Weil Scott A. Gruber - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker) Daniel J. Boyd - BMO Capital Markets (United States) James Wicklund - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker)
Operator: Good day ladies and gentlemen and welcome to the Baker Hughes Third Quarter 2016 Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded. I would now like to introduce your host for today's conference, Ms. Alondra de Oteyza, Director of Investor Relations. Ma'am, you may begin.
Alondra de Oteyza - Baker Hughes, Inc.: Thank you, Abigail. Good morning everyone and welcome to the Baker Hughes third quarter 2016 earnings conference call. Here with me today is our Chairman and CEO, Martin Craighead, and Kimberly Ross, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Today's presentation and the earnings release that was issued earlier today can be found at our website at bakerhughes.com. As a reminder, during the course of this conference call, we will provide predictions, forecasts and other forward-looking statements. Although they reflect our current expectations, these statements are not guarantees of future performance and involve a number of risks and assumptions. We advise you to review our SEC filings for a discussion of some of the factors that could cause actual results to differ materially. Also, reconciliation of operating profit and other non-GAAP measures to GAAP results can be found on our earnings release and on our website at bakerhughes.com under the Investor section. And with that, I'll turn the call over to Martin Craighead. Martin?
Martin S. Craighead - Baker Hughes, Inc.: Thanks, Alondra, and good morning everyone, and thanks for joining us today. This morning I'm going to address several topics with you. First, I will provide an overview of our third quarter results and the improvement we achieved. Second, I will update you on our progress against the three financial and strategic objectives that we outlined in early May and provide further details on how we are aggressively executing on these plans. And finally, I will give you our perspective on the market, including how our views have evolved and how Baker Hughes is positioned for the opportunities ahead. But look, before I get started, I want to take a moment and thank all of our employees for their commitment and effort in delivering a vastly improved quarter. The last two years have been extraordinarily challenging and I'm very proud of their leadership and how they've responded to those challenges, remaining focused on working safely and compliantly and taking care of our customers. Okay. Starting with the third quarter, we've made progress on all fronts. This is evident in our third quarter results. We recorded an adjusted net loss of $64 million or $0.15 per diluted share, an improvement of $328 million sequentially. While revenue declined 2% sequentially to $2.4 billion, reflecting lower activity levels and pricing pressure in key markets, we generated an adjusted operating profit of $7 million in the quarter. This represents an improvement of $462 million compared to the prior quarter and is an indication of the momentum in our cost reduction and business restructuring efforts. Now, let me provide an overview of our performance against the three objectives we outlined in May: one, reducing $500 million of cost by year end through simplifying our organizational structure and operational footprint; two, focusing on our core strengths in product innovation by fortifying our full service model and building broader sales channels for our products and technology; and three, optimizing our capital structure by paying down debt and buying back shares while ensuring we maintain financial flexibility. We've made significant progress against all of those objectives and we are doing so with an overarching focus on profitable growth and return on invested capital. Starting with costs, last month we said that we expected to achieve the $500 million in savings by the end of the third quarter, three months ahead of our original timeline, and that we had identified additional savings opportunities beyond that. To that end, I'm pleased to say that we not only have achieved that goal, but we now expect the total annualized savings run rate to increase by 30% to $650 million by year end. Kimberly will provide more details later in the call. Turning to our efforts to fortify our core full service business and build new sales channels for our products and technology, we continue to make significant progress. Previously, we said that we had identified opportunities to prune our product line portfolio and geo-market presence in certain markets by either exiting a market or converting it to an alternative sales channel. As previously highlighted, these exits and conversions represented less than 5% of total second quarter revenue. We expect to have two thirds of these exits and conversions completed by the end of 2016. As an example, we have recently converted select geographical areas within our drilling and completion fluids business in North America to a distribution model. We've completed one such conversion in the South Texas and Permian market, which will not only allow us to retain product revenue, but will also take our products into new markets and increase our market share. For this particular product line, we will replicate this model elsewhere in the United States while retaining our current model and markets where the financial returns are more appealing. This business conversion illustrates how these alternative sales channels provide us an opportunity to grow with a minimal asset base. This is just one example of how we are fine tuning our business with a surgical approach to improve efficiency, profitability and return on invested capital. That's the same philosophical view we are taking as we consider a range of ownership models for our North America land pressure pumping business. While we will continue to participate in this market, we are looking at models that will allow us to do so while mitigating the resource requirements and capital intensity that are inherent in this particular business segment. To be clear, some of the changes to our full service offerings provide an opportunity for conversion to an alternative business model, by selling products and services to local service providers in the markets that we're rationalizing. However, I want to emphasize that the opportunities extend to markets where we have a limited or zero presence today. I'm very pleased by the customer responses so far and we currently have a line of sight to a steady pipeline of revenue growth opportunities in this space, including some that could materialize in Latin America and the Middle East/Asia Pacific as early as the first quarter of 2017. We believe these local service providers represent a market segment that is under supported. We've seen numerous examples of government programs with the goal of keeping more of the oil field service and supply chain spending in-country by establishing home grown companies. This is an ideal opportunity for Baker Hughes. Because of our leading technology, innovator mind set and catalog of world class brands, we are uniquely positioned to enable this emerging customer segment in all facets of their business, spanning products, services, training, technical support and consulting services, and position them to compete for and win local contracts, not just in a one-time transactional way, but as part of a recurring longer-term relationship that grows over time. While this opportunity needs some runway to develop, the growth potential is real and is attainable. Next, let me give you some thoughts on the market, how it's evolving and where we think it's heading. As we said in July, and reiterated again in September, we continue to believe that oil prices in the mid to upper 50s are required for a sustainable recovery in North America. Our customers also need to be more confident on the durability of those oil prices before making any significant change to their spending patterns. As we previously projected, the North American market has been continuing to grind slowly upward and we expect that to continue. In order for a broader recovery to take place, a series of milestones need to be reached before the market can respond in a more predictable way. First, supply/demand surplus has to rebalance, allowing commodity prices to improve. Second, those commodity prices need to stabilize for confidence in the customer community to improve and their investment to accelerate. And third, activity needs to increase meaningfully before service capacity can be substantially absorbed and pricing recovery take place. Until then, we will continue to see this dislocation we have today in the relationship between commodity prices and services pricing. In North America, we have seen a recent shift in land activity from what was predominantly small private operators adding rigs opportunistically to include larger, more established E&P companies. While we've seen customers growing more optimistic about the industry outlook, volatility and uncertainty remain. We expect the ramp up to remain slow and pricing to remain challenging. And as a result, we expect only modest growth in the fourth quarter in North America. Internationally, we see activity declines and pricing pressure continuing in the near term, and with customers controlling spending, we don't expect year-end seasonal product sales to offset those declines. In Africa, where we have a significant deepwater drilling position, we expect our revenue to further decline as a result of ongoing reductions in deepwater activity. Additionally in Norway, we expect to see a sequential revenue reduction as a result of the recently resolved local strikes which impacted the first two weeks of the fourth quarter. Conversely, in the Middle East/Asia Pacific region, we expect to see growth opportunities in Kuwait, the United Arab Emirates, India and Oman. And in Saudi Arabia, we continue to fortify our position with a focus on flawless execution across our full suite of product lines. And finally in Latin America, we expect the overall market to remain relatively flat, although a one-time product sale in Colombia during the third quarter will create a sequential headwind. Now as we look ahead, it's also worth reiterating the obvious, that the oil and gas ecosystem remains fragile and susceptible to shocks from headlines, difficult (11:18) policy changes, currency fluctuation and geopolitical dynamics. And as I've said previously, the difference in this cycle is the more prominent role of the North American shale producer, who can achieve production growth and get it into the pipe far faster than conventional producers. As such, the elasticity of the unconventional segment could act as an effective ceiling on the commodity price. So while we remain optimistic about recovery's prospects, we are positioning the company to prosper in a lower for longer market environment. In simple terms, that means delivering solutions to our customers that result in more efficient wells, optimized production and improved recovery. Let me give you an example of how we are delivering more efficient wells for our customers. The DJ Basin in the Rockies has historically been a drilling motor market, but operators there are challenged to reach further with more and longer laterals. Conventional drilling systems lack the ability to stay in the target zone on longer laterals, and that limits the reach. Last quarter, Baker Hughes combined two industry-leading products, our AutoTrak Curve rotary steerable system, the only continuous proportional steering system in the market, with our Talon Force bit technology to increase lateral lengths from 5,000 feet to 10,000 feet, while drilling 30% faster and delivering gun barrel quality holes. Speed and reach are important, but speed and reach without borehole quality is a recipe for increased completions costs and premature wear on lift systems. So when you hit the sweet spot of fast and good, you have a clear competitive advantage, and that is what Baker Hughes does really well. We bring technology, products, systems and people that differentiate in the markets in which we choose to play. That's why one customer in the DJ Basin awarded us 100% of their work through 2017, and it's not just one customer. We now hold nearly 50% of the drilling share in that critical basin. Touching on optimizing production, while it's always high on our customers' agenda, given today's market conditions it's nothing short of an imperative. In some basins, particularly the Canadian oil sands with high cost and long cycle time for new projects, frankly it's a lifeline. Our chemicals portfolio is uniquely positioned to improve and sustain productivity for our customers in that market today, and we are seeing an increase in the demands for a technology solution in that area. For example, last month we launched our new TRETOLITE SNAP water clarifier product, designed for wells that require oil and water separation like the steam assisted gravity drainage, or SAGD, production facilities in Canada. During the oil and water separation process, dry oil and clean water usually come with undesired costs and operational instability resulting from heat exchanger fouling, oil and water recycling and slop oil generation. These issues drive costs up and production down. Prior to its commercial launch, we worked with an operator in Canada to trial run our TRETOLITE SNAP water clarifier and the results were overwhelmingly differentiating. Over the treatment period, we lowered oil and water rates, basic sediment and water levels in the oil. This significantly reduced recycling, costly equipment clean-outs and slop production, all while increasing throughput capacity. And finally, to increase ultimate recovery in a meaningful way will require not only the aforementioned well construction and production improvement, but also the development of a new range of sensing and intelligent products integrated into a broader digital framework. For several years now, we've been investing in next generation electronics to deploy in the extreme environments that we face in drilling and completions. Our recent launch of SureSENS ELITE is a great example for this in our completions business, designed to provide 20 years of downhole data in high pressure, high temperature wells. This design incorporates application-specific integrated circuits, or ASICs technology, that does not break down in high temperatures and delivers the next generation of reliability and accuracy for downhole gauges. The SureSENS ELITE gauge delivers ongoing pressure, temperature, flow and fluid density readings required to calculate estimated returns and optimize intelligent production systems. Initial market uptake has been strong and we're currently ramping up the production. I'm completely confident that as we focus on what we do best, differentiate ourselves in the marketplace with leading products and technology, make prudent decisions about where and how we go to market and continue to invest in our people, Baker Hughes will prosper no matter the environment. So with that, let me hand it off to Kimberly and I'll come back at the end of the call with a few final thoughts. Kimberly?
Kimberly A. Ross - Baker Hughes, Inc.: Thanks, Martin, and good morning, everyone. Let me start by saying that like Martin, I am very pleased with the progress our teams have made. We have had a lot of moving parts recently. During the last six months, we restructured the organization and people have now settled into their new role, while at the same time focusing on the customer and executing our cost reduction initiative. Additionally, we took steps to optimize our capital structure and continued to enhance processes around cross management, capital discipline and working capital. Delivering on all these objectives simultaneously ahead of schedule is a true testament of team performance. While we have more work to do, I have no doubt that we are on the right path. Moving to our third quarter results, today we reported revenue for the third quarter of $2.4 billion, down 2% sequentially, primarily as a result of activity reductions in our Gulf of Mexico, West Africa and Norwegian deepwater operations. On a GAAP basis, the net loss for the quarter was $429 million or $1.00 per share. The adjusted net loss for the third quarter was $64 million or $0.15 per share. Adjusted net loss excluded $365 million in after-tax adjusting items, or $0.85 per share primarily related to additional impairments and restructuring charges. As a result of the restructuring actions taken this quarter, we have now achieved $600 million of annualized savings. Approximately two thirds of the savings are related to lower compensation expense from workforce reductions and another one third of savings are associated with reduced depreciation and amortization expense from impairments. From a segment perspective, approximately 30% of the cost savings reside in North America, 65% in international and 5% in industrial services. The majority of the benefit is reflected in our third quarter results with an estimated incremental benefit in the fourth quarter of approximately $20 million. Based on this progress, and as Martin alluded to earlier, we now expect to achieve a new annualized savings target of $650 million by year end. Heading into 2017, we fully expect those efforts to continue. For example, we are evaluating opportunities to further optimize our global manufacturing footprint, thus reducing under-absorption and achieving other sourcing efficiencies throughout the supply chain. Also, we continued to carry costs associated with North America land pressure pumping business as we work through our process to maximize shareholder value for that business. Turning back to the third quarter, adjusted operating profit before tax and interest for the quarter was $7 million, a sequential improvement of $462 million. Most of the improvement is driven by a reduction in operating costs as a result of the actions we have taken to align our cost structure to the realities in the market and by the reduction in provisions for doubtful accounts and excess inventory, resulting mainly from the controls and processes we are establishing around receivables and inventory. Also, the third quarter results included the benefit of several non-reoccurring items totaling $45 million. The effective tax rate for the third quarter was a negative 19%. Our income tax rate has remained, and will continue to remain, volatile between the quarters as a result of the geographic mix of earnings, valuation allowances and certain discrete items. Taking a closer look at our results from operations, in North America, revenue of $674 million increased 1% sequentially. The increase in U.S. onshore activity and the seasonal uptick in Canada were almost entirely offset by a steep decline of activity in the Gulf of Mexico. In the Gulf of Mexico, we experienced project delays and reduced drilling activity as reflected by the 22% drop in the U.S. offshore rig count. In the U.S. onshore, where most of the activity increases were driven by small private E&P companies, we managed to outpace the sequential rig count growth in our drilling services and drill bits product lines. However, with almost half of our operations in the region associated with production, our business experiences less of an immediate correlation between revenue and the rig count. We see a similar dynamic in Canada where we are less impacted by the seasonality as a result of this mix. Adjusted operating losses for the quarter were $74 million with operating margins improving 1,192 basis points sequentially. This improvement was driven primarily by cost reductions, including lower depreciation and amortization expense from impairments and reduced provisions for excess inventory. The third quarter includes the benefit of approximately 410 basis points associated with non-reoccurring items. Moving to international results, we reported revenue of $1.4 billion, which is a 4% decrease versus the prior quarter. Despite the overall decline, our Latin America revenue grew 3% sequentially. This increase was driven primarily by one-time product sales in Colombia, partially offset by reduced activity in the region, mainly in Venezuela with an IOC and in Mexico. In our Europe, Africa, Russia, Caspian segment, revenue was down 11% sequentially as a result of steep activity reductions, primarily in Norway and West Africa. In Norway, activity was impacted not only by the timing of drilling and completion schedules, but also by delays that resulted from the recent union strikes. In West Africa, where we have a significant market share position in drilling, several large projects were temporarily suspended. The Middle East, Asia Pacific segment revenue was relatively flat sequentially as activity declines and price erosion across most of the region were offset by pockets of activity growth primarily in Saudi and Kuwait. International adjusted operating profit was $92 million with operating margins up 2,540 basis points sequentially, despite the decline in revenue. Sequentially, margins include a 1,300 basis point benefit from provision of doubtful accounts, mostly related to Ecuador, and valuation allowances on indirect taxes in Africa not repeating in the third quarter. Margins also benefited from cost reductions and reduced provisions for excess inventory. Note that our current quarter margins include the benefit of approximately 180 basis points related to non-reoccurring items. For our industrial services segment, revenue for the third quarter was $268 million, down 2% sequentially. The decrease in revenue was mainly related to project delays in the pipeline inspection and maintenance business causing an earlier than usual seasonal decline. Industrial services adjusted operating profit was $26 million with operating margins increasing 824 basis points sequentially on declining revenue. The increase in margins was driven by cost savings and provision for doubtful accounts from the second quarter not reoccurring. Also, the current quarter margins include the benefit of approximately 110 basis points related to non-reoccurring items. Looking at cash flow, during the quarter we generated $109 million in free cash flow, which includes $103 million of restructuring payments during the quarter. This quarter, we repurchased approximately 5.3 million shares on the open market totaling $263 million. In less than six months, we've purchased more than half of the $1.5 billion of shares under our previously announced program. As such, we ended the third quarter with $3.7 billion of cash on the balance sheet, which positions us well to address the challenges and opportunities ahead. Capital expenditures for the quarter were $70 million, unchanged sequentially. We have recently implemented enhanced controls on capital spending to ensure that we maintain the needed discipline and focus on returns when activity begins to ramp up. For all of 2016, we still expect our capital expenditures to range between $300 million and $400 million. Depreciation and amortization for the third quarter was $262 million, down $43 million or 14% sequentially. The acts and impairments recorded in the third quarter are expected to result in approximately $35 million of annualized depreciation and amortization savings going forward. To summarize, we've made good progress on our cost reduction initiative. Not only have we exceeded our original target for the year, but we've identified opportunities for further cost efficiencies. We have also continued to generate positive cash flow through managing our cost structure, reducing our working capital, and maximizing return on invested capital. And with that, let's go to Q&A. Alondra?
Alondra de Oteyza - Baker Hughes, Inc.: Thank you, Kimberly. At this point, I'll ask the operator to open the lines for questions. To give everyone a fair chance to ask questions, we ask that you limit yourself to a single question and one related follow-up. With that being said, Abigail, can we have the first question please?
Operator: Thank you. Our first question comes from Jud Bailey with Wells Fargo. Your line is open.
Judson E. Bailey - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Thank you. Good morning.
Martin S. Craighead - Baker Hughes, Inc.: Good morning, Jud.
Judson E. Bailey - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: First of all, congratulations on impressive results. My first question I think is for Kimberly. I think you may have, you've touched on this, but looking at your results, revenue is down slightly sequentially but you had over a $200 million increase in EBITDA sequentially. Did I hear you right that you recognized about $600 million of savings already, annualized savings in the third quarter and that accounts for probably the majority of the increase in EBITDA? What other items should we look at that were driving the sequential increase in EBITDA? Was it mix, or some other things that helped drive that? And then thinking about the fourth quarter, it sounds like we have some more cost savings to kind of roll through. I just wanted to just kind of have you touch on that, please.
Kimberly A. Ross - Baker Hughes, Inc.: Yeah. Thanks, Jud. So clearly we did have some cost savings in the quarter, that both from the initiatives that we did in Q2 as well as in Q3. And as we said, now on an annualized basis, we do expect to get $650 million, of which $$600 million is now done. With that said, there were some Q2 to Q3 items. Recall that in Q2 we had about $166 million of bad debt that didn't reoccur this quarter. Also, we had valuation allowances on indirect taxes last quarter of about $45 million. And in this quarter, we also recognized some non-reoccurring benefits, which were a bunch of small items largely related to some of the initiatives that we had with regards to cost reductions. And then also we had provisions for excess inventories that don't repeat this quarter. Then if we think of the Q4, I think there are a couple of things to recognize. First of all, again, we said that we have about $20 million more of savings that we expect in quarter four. Obviously, the $45 million of one-offs this quarter will not repeat next quarter. And then a lot depends on activity, and keeping in mind that in Q4 last year we saw some pullback during the holiday season, and so that could repeat this quarter again. And also, we don't expect to have a significant peak in direct sales in Q4, which historically has been a quarter when there are quite a bit of direct sales coming through.
Judson E. Bailey - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Okay. That's helpful. Thank you. But just to sum it up and just to kind of follow up on that, it looks like if I hear you correctly, we back out some of the one-time items you cited that were favorable. This is very much a real new baseline in margins that we should think about, so activity increases we should apply, what are we thinking incremental margins should be as we think about 2017? So it feels like this is a new baseline. I just want to confirm that. And then number two, how are you thinking about additional cost cut opportunities for 2017? Where do you see the opportunities? Is there any way to get a sense of how you think the size and scale of that next round of cost reductions could be?
Kimberly A. Ross - Baker Hughes, Inc.: Yes. I'm not going to give color at this point in time on 2017. But again, when you talk about baseline, keep in mind that we did have that $45 million this quarter that we don't expect to reoccur. With regards to additional cost savings, so we're continuing to identify areas. I've talked in the past about opportunities around manufacturing cost savings. There are things like continuing to negotiate with our suppliers. We're also evaluating what and where we manufacture things, whether it's internally, externally, we're looking at that. We're looking at processes to reduce costs in our products and also to bring our products to market faster. We're looking at logistics and distribution, and we started already some of those initiatives and they will continue into 2017. But at this point in time, we're not giving a specific number. As I've said, we've increased the cost savings target for this year on a run rate basis to $650 million and we'll continue to look for more opportunities.
Judson E. Bailey - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Great. Thanks. Thanks again.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from James West with Evercore ISI. Your line is open.
James West - Evercore ISI: Hey. Good morning, Martin. Morning, Kimberly.
Martin S. Craighead - Baker Hughes, Inc.: Good morning, James.
Kimberly A. Ross - Baker Hughes, Inc.: Good morning.
James West - Evercore ISI: Martin, I'm curious on the sales channel strategy that you're putting in place on the international side. I could totally get the concept of selling to some of the local providers, but how do you manage the, I guess the process of strengthening them when they could compete against you in other product lines that you're keeping in those countries?
Martin S. Craighead - Baker Hughes, Inc.: Well, a lot of that goes, James, to the selection of the individual player. I think one of the advantages that we have is being the first mover in this space in a strong, purposeful way. So, selecting the right player, having the agreements pretty tight and papered up well.
James West - Evercore ISI: Okay.
Martin S. Craighead - Baker Hughes, Inc.: But you know, there's another element here. These are long-term, enduring relationships. They could be measured in decades. And some of these markets that I said in my prepared comments are markets that we don't even exist in.
James West - Evercore ISI: Right.
Martin S. Craighead - Baker Hughes, Inc.: So in that case, it's (33:28) for us.
James West - Evercore ISI: That's easy. Sure.
Martin S. Craighead - Baker Hughes, Inc.: Okay. And the risk of, let's say, annoying us with some kind of violation of an agreement, when we have the technology pipeline that we have, we have the spare parts, platform, I mean, it's always  it's a risk, but it's a very I think manageable risk, James.
James West - Evercore ISI: Okay. Okay. Fair enough, Martin. And then on the pressure pumping side of the business, obviously, we're here at the bottom of the cycle. We appear to be going into an up-cycle that could show some strength here next year. That is a nice swing earnings provider. So how do you think about the timing of the, either the partnering or the exiting? I know you said you definitely want to have access, so some type of strategy around maybe taking that off of your plate to put it on somebody else's plate for at least for the time being. How do you think about the timing there and how you maximize the value of some type of transaction?
Martin S. Craighead - Baker Hughes, Inc.: Well, the fact that we're going to keep a meaningful participation kind of takes the timing risk out of the transaction.
James West - Evercore ISI: Okay.
Martin S. Craighead - Baker Hughes, Inc.: And as you've said and as we've said multiple times, having someone else manage it, run it, invest in it, we'll keep a relationship. But since that business has moved to the form that it is, which is really water and sand, it's become a horsepower and logistics game. So our strategy has not wavered one bit, and as I said in the remarks, we're moving through the process. We like where we are, and hopefully we'll bring this to conclusion within the next few months.
James West - Evercore ISI: Okay. Great. All right. Thanks, Martin.
Martin S. Craighead - Baker Hughes, Inc.: You're welcome.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Byron Pope with Tudor, Pickering, Holt. Your line is open.
Byron K. Pope - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc.: Good morning. Martin, I just have one question on North America. It remains your largest revenue segment, and so you provided a couple of data points for it. I think you mentioned drilling services and drill bits outpacing the U.S. land rig count in Q3. So as we think about North America onshore activity recovering faster than international and global offshore activity, can you frame for us how you think about which of Baker's product and service lines both in D&E and C&P you expect to lead the growth charge for you guys next year?
Martin S. Craighead - Baker Hughes, Inc.: Sure, Byron. Good morning. I'll tell you, by far the competitive advantage as well as the secular change in the market with regards to longer laterals lines itself up very well to a proportional steering rotary steerable, which is the AutoTrak Curve. We're the only one with that. And being able to drill a gauge hole the entire through the curve, through the lateral, avoid all the micro doglegs that the competitor tools create, as these completions get longer and you got to get your pipe to bottom, I mean the market is rapidly steering itself right into our drilling bailiwick, if you will. You couple that bottom hole assembly with the drill bit in terms of maximizing steerability and durability, I mean it's a beautiful thing to watch. You move to the production side and a big part of our business in North America is the production portfolio, and as we migrate less and less from the pressure pumping, it's only going to become more. And the artificial lift, I think is kind of a hidden gold mine. We continue to innovate in that space. I don't think our customers are paying attention to their electric bill as much as they should be. I think that's going to be another opportunity where technology is going to make a difference for our customers' lifting cost. So if I had to frame it up, it's first and foremost drilling technology followed by the artificial lift, and then as you've heard me say over and over, Byron, we've discussed the great thing about North American production is that as wells get older, it's like people getting older, they need drugs. These wells need chemicals, and just as I highlighted in the oil sands, our chemical expertise and our folks in that area are constantly innovating for some new flow assurance and items. So I'd stack it up in that category.
Byron K. Pope - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc.: That's helpful. And as I think about all those that you mentioned, I don't think of any of those as being particularly capital intensive. And so, realize it's too early to opine on 2017 CapEx, but is that a fair characterization of those product service lines that you mentioned that aren't terribly capital intensive as you think about the growth base?
Martin S. Craighead - Baker Hughes, Inc.: That's exactly right. No, an overarching theme that we kind of coined back when we came out of in May, was that we're going to be a capital-light organization. I mean return on capital is going to drive our mindset in our investment decisions, who we work for and where we work. So yes, that's what we like about our core businesses.
Kimberly A. Ross - Baker Hughes, Inc.: And it goes to our core strengths also.
Byron K. Pope - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc.: Great. Thank you. Appreciate it.
Martin S. Craighead - Baker Hughes, Inc.: Thanks, Byron.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Sean Meakim with JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Sean C. Meakim - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Hey. Good morning.
Martin S. Craighead - Baker Hughes, Inc.: Good morning, Sean.
Sean C. Meakim - JPMorgan Securities LLC: So Martin, maybe you could follow on to that discussion talking about the lower capital intensity of the business. Would it be fair to say, given how that mix can shift, that your CapEx spend just on a theoretical basis, or just conceptually, could stay below DD&A for an extended period of time? And to that extent, how do you think about what that translates in the form of free cash flow?
Kimberly A. Ross - Baker Hughes, Inc.: So, Sean, this is Kimberly. Obviously, the idea here is to have a better return on our capital at the end of the day, right. So it's less about how much we spend and more about what kind of returns we get on capital. And obviously, there are different components to the capital. Clearly, well as we start seeing increase in activity, then there will be money that will be spent on tools and those type of things. And additionally, we'll be looking at will there be some capital that we'll need to put into play with regards to redesigning our footprint around supply chain. And so there might be some other initiatives like that, that we'll have where we'll spend some CapEx. So again, we haven't given the color for 2017 at this point. Very clearly right now, I want to make sure everyone realizes, not that we're starving the business from CapEx by any means. It's very much about what kind of returns are we getting. And obviously, there's been a decline in the overall activity, therefore less requirement for CapEx. But with that said, not having the investments in rolling stocks and large facilities and other things for North America pressure pumping will obviously take some of the capital intensity away.
Sean C. Meakim - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. That's helpful. Thank you. And then just thinking about some of the challenges you're having offshore, you cited lower activity, but also some transitory issues, the North Sea and West Africa in particular. I was curious how much, are you seeing any outsized impact on your share just from the particular rigs where projects were being delayed, where perhaps you had more equipment this particular quarter? Just trying to get a sense for some of the transitory effects and what the implication is for the next couple of quarters going forward.
Martin S. Craighead - Baker Hughes, Inc.: That's a good question, Sean, and I think we were disproportionately hurt in the Gulf of Mexico, disproportionately helped on a share basis in West Africa, just given the customers that we work for. Our drilling share in West Africa now is probably 50%. It is that way. It has been consistently in the Gulf. We're not down, I'm not down on deepwater or offshore. It's just going through a transition. Our customers are battling their balance sheets trying to get the cost in line. We still have a very positive view on a dollar per barrel recovery cost. It makes all the sense in the world, but at these commodity prices, I think my customers in West Africa need about $65. I think it's probably about $55 in the North Sea, and I think it's about the same in the Gulf. And until we see that, as we've said before, you just have to have some period of stability for them to come back. The nice thing about that market, as you know, is the focus on technology, reliability, quality. That's right up our alley, so we're participating in managing our costs until that starts to recover.
Sean C. Meakim - JPMorgan Securities LLC: That's helpful feedback. Thanks, Martin.
Martin S. Craighead - Baker Hughes, Inc.: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Kurt Hallead with RBC. Your line is open.
Kurt Hallead - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Hey. Good morning.
Martin S. Craighead - Baker Hughes, Inc.: Hi, Kurt.
Kurt Hallead - RBC Capital Markets LLC: So you guys provided a lot of great information here this morning, and I just wanted to clarify a couple things just to make sure I'm on the right page here. So on a operating loss basis, when you adjust out for those one-time items, the operating income number I come up with is minus $1 million. Kimberly, am I approaching that the right way?
Kimberly A. Ross - Baker Hughes, Inc.: Yeah, without corporate.
Kurt Hallead - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Yeah, it's without, before corporate. Yeah, before corporate. That's correct. Yeah.
Kimberly A. Ross - Baker Hughes, Inc.: Yeah.
Kurt Hallead - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Okay. And then the context you guys provided around that was in the fourth quarter alone, you'll get another $20 million of incremental cost savings.
Kimberly A. Ross - Baker Hughes, Inc.: That's the expectation, yes.
Kurt Hallead - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Okay. And then can you give us some color around  I'm sorry, Kimberly, go ahead.
Kimberly A. Ross - Baker Hughes, Inc.: I was just going to say, but also keep in mind the $45 million of non-reoccurring benefits that we had this quarter.
Kurt Hallead - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Exactly. Thank you. And then the Andean sale, can you give us some general sense of what that contribution was in the third quarter?
Martin S. Craighead - Baker Hughes, Inc.: I can't quantify it for you, but it was material to Latin America's results.
Kurt Hallead - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Okay. And to the point where you think then Latin American operating income will not be repeatable effectively in the fourth quarter, that'll be down sequentially because of that sale?
Martin S. Craighead - Baker Hughes, Inc.: Yes.
Kurt Hallead - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Or you think it still could be flat.
Martin S. Craighead - Baker Hughes, Inc.: No, I think your first supposition is correct.
Kurt Hallead - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Okay. Great. All right. That's all I had. Appreciate the info. Thank you.
Martin S. Craighead - Baker Hughes, Inc.: You're welcome, Kurt.
Kimberly A. Ross - Baker Hughes, Inc.: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Bill Sanchez with Howard Weil. Your line is open.
William Sanchez - Scotia Howard Weil: Thanks. Good morning. Martin, two part question for you. Just given the North America revenue performance we saw relative to U.S. rig count; I know you talked about the impact of Gulf of Mexico. Could you help us perhaps just size for us Gulf of Mexico as a percentage of total MAM (45:02) revenue in the quarter? And also help us, Martin, as we think about 2017 top line in North America, what your expectations may be as it relates to the Gulf of Mexico type of recovery. What's going to be a good proxy to determining how your top line grows? Is it just overall spending with regard to the universe of independent E&P companies? Or how do we think about that mix between the U.S. land, Canada and Gulf of Mexico next year?
Martin S. Craighead - Baker Hughes, Inc.: I think it's, look, as we've said all along, Bill, and I appreciate your question, but breaking out the Gulf isn't something that I want to do. In terms of searching for a proxy as it relates to Baker Hughes North America, it's a challenge for you guys because you've got North America that's, sorry, pressure pumping, which will be separated in some capacity. We have an increasingly strong mix in the production portfolio, which doesn't tie to the rig count as directly. And then you have a fireball with regards to this drilling technology and the growing lateral lengths, which is really polarizing a market in separating guys who can only offer motors and to the guys who can offer rotary steerable tools. So, I think I can't give you the proxy as to some kind of indication out there of how you would model our North American revenue. It's been our intention, Bill, I can tell you, to continue to make this company focus on what it does best, which in many regards is going to make us increasingly more unique than our peers. And another threat of all this will be, as I said, the new channels that are even will participate in North America, like we did on our drilling fluids and what that means to revenues versus accretive margins. So I'll leave it to you experts to figure out what that proxy is. But that's the best color I can give you right now.
William Sanchez - Scotia Howard Weil: Is it your view, Martin, it looks like Gulf of Mexico I guess activity has stabilized after a pretty sharp 3Q. Is that your view in the mix of rigs and projects that you're working on would suggest 4Q Gulf of Mexico is up for you relative to 3Q?
Martin S. Craighead - Baker Hughes, Inc.: No I don't. I think that our customers, particularly our IOCs, are still struggling with cash flow issues. We have a significant operator there that told us recently the word from headquarters is you're going to deploy your capital to some better opportunities, one international and one on land. And if you look at the 17 rigs or whatever drilling rigs that are out there today, I think 10 at most have a contract to go beyond Q2, the MODUs. Beyond Q2, I've got six or seven rigs that I don't have visibility to. So I don't see the Gulf of Mexico getting better until probably mid-2017.
William Sanchez - Scotia Howard Weil: Thanks for the time, Martin. Good quarter.
Martin S. Craighead - Baker Hughes, Inc.: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Scott Gruber with Citigroup. Your line is open.
Scott A. Gruber - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Good morning.
Martin S. Craighead - Baker Hughes, Inc.: Hi, Scott.
Scott A. Gruber - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Martin, a longer-term question for you. What do you believe is the margin potential for your portfolio after you get through all the restructuring, after the sales model conversions, along with the smaller exposure to frac? And let's say the market delivers a modest middle of the road recovery in upstream spending over the next few years, what do you think is the normalized margin level that is reasonably achievable for your mix of businesses?
Martin S. Craighead - Baker Hughes, Inc.: That's a great question. I think just one, you're going to have to wait until we see the market settle out a bit more, we see our business settle out a bit more. Don't forget, six months ago we were in a very different state. We've moved extremely fast, fixed a lot of things. We have more to do. Kimberly highlighted some of the manufacturing strategy. I'm not prepared yet to put a number out there as to a normalized rate, but we feel we got a lot of smiles on our faces on this side of the fence. We feel really good about where our business is going. I'm just going to leave it at that right now, Scott.
Scott A. Gruber - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Well, if I could ask a follow-up, do you think it's unreasonable to assume that you can do better than the low teens margins you achieved last cycle?
Martin S. Craighead - Baker Hughes, Inc.: Tell me what oil prices are and gas prices. And look, I'm not trying to avoid your question. I think as we get further through this process in our business and we get our portfolio where we want it to be  we still have some moving pieces. We still have putting some meat on the bones with regards to our new channels. When we have that all sorted out, I think we'll be prepared to put some numbers out there for you.
Scott A. Gruber - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Okay. Well, I'll look forward to it. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Dan Boyd with BMO Capital Markets. Your line is open.
Daniel J. Boyd - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Thanks. Good morning.
Martin S. Craighead - Baker Hughes, Inc.: Hi, Dan.
Daniel J. Boyd - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Hey. Sorry to keep following up on the baseline EBITDA run rate, but I want to give it one more shot. When I fully adjust the numbers, I get to about $224 million in EBITDA, adjusted for 3Q. 4Q, presumably we're going to see another $10 million benefit since half the $20 million benefit is D&A. So we have a $234 million run rate going into 4Q. So want to confirm that that's correct. And then as I think about seasonality in 1Q 2017, presumably since you're not seeing the uptick in 4Q, there shouldn't be much of a seasonality impact in 1Q. Is that a fair way to think about it?
Kimberly A. Ross - Baker Hughes, Inc.: So, and if it's helpful later on, you can get offline with Alondra if you really want to get into the details. But if you're looking at it right now, it's $269 million was your starting point. You've got $45 million of non-reoccurring items, takes you to $224 million. Then if you take $20 million of the cost savings, so then you end up at $244 million, right, if you're doing math.
Daniel J. Boyd - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Well, I was  okay.
Kimberly A. Ross - Baker Hughes, Inc.: And then of course you need to take in account what happens with activity in Q4, which that's obviously not something that we'd know the answer to yet.
Daniel J. Boyd - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Okay. Yeah, all right. And then as I think about your AutoTrak and the market share that you're gaining, one of your other competitors mentioned that they're sold out. Is this something that you can use to pull through other products and services or bundle to gain market share beyond just AutoTrak?
Martin S. Craighead - Baker Hughes, Inc.: You know, that's a good question, Dan. And we're about sold out as well. As to a pull-along, there's not as much of that going on in North America. Very, very few. Very, very few , I wouldn't even call them bids, transactional activity is in any kind of combined state. But given the performance of our systems and the leverage that we have, and particularly as it starts to tighten up, I think you'll see more and more around completions are being pulled through. But we remain very focused on execution and I think our share position is going to just continue to grow, one, because of performance and two, which I think is a bit lost on the marketplace, is where these wells are going and you cannot drill them with a motor. Your torque and drag will just tear you up. And we have the only rotary steerable that has the ability to gently push off versus an on/off type of switch which creates a pretty tortuous well path, which is no big deal if you've got a 10,000-foot lateral, but as we approach 20,000-foot laterals, you've got to have really a smooth environment. So yeah, I think we will be pulling through more services as this market evolves.
Daniel J. Boyd - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Great. So hopefully that can help offset some of the mix issue. Thanks a lot.
Martin S. Craighead - Baker Hughes, Inc.: You're welcome.
Operator: Thank you. Our last question comes from Jim Wicklund with Credit Suisse. Your line is open.
James Wicklund - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Good morning, guys. Appreciate it. International, Martin, historically, and you and I have been doing this a while, international, usually it takes about six to 12 months to begin to recover after the U.S., but this time with deepwater, the rising tide not lifting all boats, and you're still talking about activity and pricing pressure in the international, can you give us what you all's expectation is of how long the recovery's going to be generally in international following the domestic recovery we've already seen?
Martin S. Craighead - Baker Hughes, Inc.: Well, I think it's a very  and you're right, Jim, we've been in this a long time. And I think it's a little different. North America's activity bump is because a significant amount of the deflation that's come off of our backs and our competitors' backs. That isn't going to be there forever. And as we're just talking to Dan around some of the technology, we're getting tapped out in North America. And so that's a response in the market that's because of our costs coming down. So it's not that the fundamentals of I think our customer community being able to really make money at $50 oil. It's because we're giving up too much of the economic rent. And that's going to go away eventually. Internationally, I hate to say this, Jim. If we don't see $55 oil in the North Sea, it's not coming back. And I think we need $65 in West Africa. Russia is staying steady, I think for reasons that is really around production level mandates versus pure economics. Parts of the Caspian and so forth are flat to trending down. Now Middle East definitely continues to be a bright spot. And it gets back to low cost producer wins in this market, so substantial I think. I don't think I'm exaggerating when I say substantial opportunity in Kuwait, Saudi, the United Arab Emirates and so forth. Oman. But besides that, if we don't get a lift in oil prices that's durable beyond just a few days or weeks, I don't see the rest of the world coming back in any meaningful way.
James Wicklund - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Okay. That's, we'll pray for higher oil prices. And my follow-up, if I could, Russia. One of the larger companies mentioned it in glowing terms a number of times. Can you talk about your exposure in Russia and how big of a market that could be for your more direct sales group? I know in Saudi they're pushing for 70% and all. But Russia's a different animal. Can you talk about your potential in Russia and your activity in Russia?
Martin S. Craighead - Baker Hughes, Inc.: Year-on-year, we picked up over 100 drilling rigs in Russia. Obviously, our state of play last year was a bit bobbled and cumbersome given the situation we were in. So they've hit the market hard, and the customers have responded. Again, technology's playing a role. In terms of overall size, I envision that we'll have a very large business in Russia. But it will be somewhat of a hybrid. There'll be leveraging the local content initiatives that are taking place. And again, the trade secrets and the model that we'll have around these new channels will facilitate that growth. On the other hand, in parts of Western Siberia the technology demands are still high and that goes to the fact that, as I said, we've picked up 100 drilling rigs in Russia just in the last eight months. So I don't want to quantify it for you at this stage, but it's going to be a bigger part of our Eastern Hemisphere business, I'm pretty confident of.
James Wicklund - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): You don't need to divine it. That's very good, Martin. Thank you very much. Appreciate it.
Operator: Thank you. I will now turn the call back to Martin Craighead for closing remarks.
Martin S. Craighead - Baker Hughes, Inc.: Thanks, Abigail. So let me thank all of you for joining us and let me wrap up with three points. First, there continue to be some challenging conditions and volatility and uncertainty remain, but there is some growing optimism that the conditions needed for a sustained recovery are closer at hand than they seemed to be just a few months ago. The strong progress that we made on all three components of our plan I want to remind you of, from costs and controls to commercial strategy and capital structure. And finally, we achieved stronger performance in the third quarter largely due to accelerated execution on cost reductions and efforts to fortify our core business and top line results. This is aligned with our focus to achieve profitable growth and improve returns on capital for Baker Hughes. Again, I want to thank you all for joining us and have a good rest of your day.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in today's conference. This concludes the program and you may all disconnect. Everyone have a great day.

===== 2016 Q2  (2016-07-28 08:00:00) =====
Executives: Alondra Oteyza - Director of Investor Relations Martin Craighead - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer Kimberly Ross - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President
Analysts: Judson Bailey - Wells Fargo Securities Kurt Hallead - RBC Capital Markets Angie Sedita - UBS Securities Sean Meakim - JPMorgan Securities James Wicklund - Credit Suisse Securities James West - Evercore Byron Pope - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co.
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Baker Hughes Second Quarter 2016 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions will follow at that time. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded. I'd now like to introduce your host for today's conference Ms. Alondra De Oteyza, Director of Investor Relations. Ma'am, you may begin.
Alondra Oteyza: Thank you, Bridgette. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to the Baker Hughes second quarter 2016 earnings conference call. Here with me today is our Chairman and CEO, Martin Craighead; and Kimberly Ross, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Today's presentation and the earnings release that was issued earlier today can be found on our website at bakerhughes.com. As a reminder, during the course of this conference call, we will provide predictions, forecasts and other forward-looking statements. Although they reflect our current expectations, these statements are not guarantees of future performance and involve a number of risks and assumptions. We advise you to review our SEC filings for a discussion of some of the factors that could cause actual results to differ materially. Also, reconciliation of operating profit and non-GAAP measures to GAAP results can be found on our earnings release and on our website at bakerhughes.com under the Investor Relations section. And with that, I'll turn the call over to Martin Craighead. Martin?
Martin Craighead: Good morning, everyone, and thanks for joining us today. When we last spoke to you on May 3, we told you that we were focused on three objectives this year. First, we said we would reduce $500 million in costs by year-end by simplifying our organizational structure and rationalizing our operational footprint. Second, we said that we would focus on our core strengths and product innovation while building broader sales channels for our products and technology. And third, we announced plans to optimize our capital structure by paying down debt and buying back shares, while ensuring we maintain financial flexibility. In less than three months, we've moved with urgency and have made tremendous progress on all fronts. We restructured the company to remove significant costs and create a more nimble, efficient organization. Today, we are firmly on track to reach our savings targets. We redesigned the customer facing areas of our business to better support our strategy of taking more new products to market faster and more efficiently. We fortified our full service business with enhancements to our operations and sales organization and we've laid the groundwork to build new sales channels for direct sales. As Kimberly will describe, we've also made enormous progress on our capital structure in all three areas of focus. Today, I'll share more details about what we've accomplished so far, how we are executing in the market to better position the company for success and our view of the industry outlook including the opportunities we see for Baker Hughes. But first I'd like to give you an overview of our second quarter financial results. Our performance in the quarter was impacted by continued reductions in customer spending and activity, trends driven not only by the price of oil, but the volatility of those prices and the lack of clarity on the future. And looking back over the past few months, it's clear to me that the movement of oil prices has been driven more by one-off events such as temporary supply disruptions and not by changing the fundamentals underpinning supply and demand. Therefore, I believe the industry will remain in a period of continued uncertainty at least through the end of this year until more foundational changes to supply and demand create a more stable environment for our customers to plan against. As a result of the continued supply-demand imbalance globally, pricing for oilfield services continued to erode in the second quarter. In light of these conditions, we are aggressively removing costs from all areas of our business consistent with the commitment we outlined in early May. As you can see from today's release, we implemented significant restructuring actions in the quarter to put us on track to meet our cost reduction targets. Regarding top line performance, our global sequential revenue was down 10% from the first quarter of the year versus a 19% decline in the global rig count during the same period. The most severe revenue decline was in North America, but we continue to see softness in most regions of the world. In spite of a challenging environment, our revenue outperformed the current rig count trends. While that is a positive, it is important to note that, in these market conditions, revenue is less tightly correlated to active drilling rigs as customers place more emphasis on completion and production related activities. Adjusted operating profit declined $209 million sequentially, as activity and pricing continued to pressure margins. In addition, we recorded large provisions on receivables primarily related to Ecuador, which negatively impacted second quarter results. However, the cost reductions we implemented during the quarter will result in a positive impact on our margins for the second half of the year. Now that we have flexibility to more closely align our costs with market conditions, we've taken aggressive steps to do so which would result in savings going forward. Since our investor call in early May, we've made other significant changes to the company. First, we restructured the leadership team and the resulting organizational design. This resulted in workforce reductions that while difficult are necessary to align our cost structure to the market. However, we've been able to retain a strong core of talent and experience that's critical to our success today and going forward. The resulting organization is more efficient, agile and intensely focused and our employees are energized about what we intend to accomplish. The reorganization in addition to reducing costs more strongly aligns our company structure to supporting our overarching strategy, which is to take our technology to market faster and more efficiently through our full service model and a broader set of sales channels. These actions demonstrate the breadth, depth and speed of change across the entire company. Let me walk you through some of the changes. Consistent with our decision to focus on our core innovation strength, we consolidated our products and technology organizations into one team under Art Soucy. Art's primary mandate is to get more new products to market faster and to ensure that they are aligned with the market realities and corresponding commercial opportunities. In this market, that means lower costs, it means lower cost fit for purpose products that are simplified and standardized, but also technically advanced products that bring leading-edge solutions to enable our customers to fundamentally reduce lifting costs. To accelerate the pace of new product launches, Art is driving a collaborative product development process that integrates manufacturing and reliability engineering with the vast capability of our design team. This process reduces product cost and development lead times, all while improving the reliabilities. In the second half of this year, Art's team is committed to launching 60 products, the vast majority of which were lower cost and optimized production for our customers. For example, in the second quarter, we launched the Integrity eXplorer, an industry unique wireline service that is fast becoming the industry standard for accurate and reliable cement evaluation. This disruptive technology is enabled by electromagnetic acoustic sensors that deliver precise evaluation of any cement mixture in all borehole environments. When conventional technologies wrongly diagnose cement quality, operators are required to perform unnecessary remedial operations that cost them days of rig time and a lot of unplanned expenditures. Integrity eXplorer is the only product in the market that deploys this technology, and customer pull thus far has been exceptional. In the next week, we will launch a new tiered artificial lift motor line, designed to drive operational efficiency, by improving reliability and lowering power consumption cost for our customers. This motor line is applicable for 90% of our core market and the tiered offering provided with the reliability factors and power efficiencies our customers demand in both standard applications and in the harshest well environments. Some of the motor technology upgrades include an enhanced insulation system that allows higher horsepower per rotor, a larger diameter shaft for higher torque ratings and a superior bearing system to minimize vibration. In addition, we've optimized rotor and stator geometries and applied our proprietary motor winding technology to create the industry's highest temperature rated most efficient downhole induction motor for our core markets. Next, to ensure we are capitalizing on the opportunities for that technology in the market, we consolidated and more tightly integrated our sales and operations teams under one global operations organization led by Belgacem Chariag. In doing so, we restructured four regions encompassing more than 20 previous geo markets into one organization consisting of nine geo markets. The result is a flatter, simpler and more responsive structure that will allow us to operate more efficiently. Global operations is responsible for both sales and operational execution which form the cornerstone of our operations in more than 80 countries. Belgacem's objectives are to achieve outstanding operational and HSE performance and increase both profitability and return on invested capital. I want to emphasize that the full-service model will remain our predominant commercial focus around the world. However, we also see an opportunity to develop new channels for our products and technology beyond the traditional approach. To that end, we created a commercial strategy organization led by Derek Mathieson, which is responsible for the long-range strategic planning for the company. That remit includes developing a broader range of sales channels for our product innovations, it also includes developing other Baker Hughes businesses, such as our process and pipeline services business and our subsea production alliance with Aker Solutions to ensure they reach their full potential. Turning to expanded channels, we are making good progress in muscling up on our direct sales business to local service providers. In essence, this means we will supply and grow a new set of customers beyond our traditional base. The interest levels we've seen so far and the potential opportunities we've identified are strong indications that we're going down the right path with a strategy that is right for Baker Hughes and will differentiate us in the market. Although it takes some time to build critical mass for the channels, we are focused on winning in the market in the here and now. Our customers are intensely focused on reducing costs, maximizing production and increasing recoveries. All of which align with our strengths and competencies. Let me share with you how we're positioning Baker Hughes for the market opportunities we see today and on the horizon. We achieved some significant wins and milestones in the second quarter, where our technology and operational performance were cited as competitive differentiators. It's clear from our customers that they are very glad to have Baker Hughes firmly rooted in the market doing what we do best. Several of these wins are cited in our release but in summary we achieved significant awards or work expansions for intelligent production systems in Brazil, coil tubing in the North Sea, and drilling services in Russia. In addition, we secured a five-year contract for completion systems in Kazakhstan along with the three-year completions and wellbore intervention award in Southeast Asia. In India, we won a three-year drill bits contract, a five-year drilling services contract in Kuwait, and a three-year artificial lift systems contract in Oman. We had numerous wins in upstream and downstream chemicals for contracts from customers ranging from North America to Europe, Africa, the Middle East, and Southeast Asia. Our process and pipeline services business also earned a big win with a contract for Australia's Ichthys field, where we are currently pre-commissioning a new pipeline for service and we'll provide leak testing services for an additional 18 months for this liquid natural gas project. Out of 11 major pre-commissioning projects being conducted worldwide this year, Baker Hughes will perform nine of them. In the Johan Sverdrup field in the North Sea, we are off to a great start on a large project for which we are providing drilling services, cementing, drilling fluids, and completions. We started drilling two months ahead of schedule in March of this year and by the end of June, we had completed two batch drilling campaigns and drilled and completed the first three wells in record time. We've helped the customer reduce their budgeted well time by 50%. I think it's also important to emphasize that when we define winning, we're not talking just about taking share. Our focus is on profitable growth and sufficient returns on capital investment. We've conducted an analysis of the competitive dynamics, market opportunities and our own profitability performance spanning more than 200 product line geo combinations. As a result of that review, we've begun the process of rationalizing certain product offerings in specific countries based on our objectives of profitable growth and return on invested capital. While these potential reductions represent less than 5% of our current revenue, they will have a positive impact on operating profitability. The point I'd like to emphasize is at Baker Hughes product lines and geo markets will earn their right to be in our portfolio. Along a similar vein, the last time we spoke I provided our view of the U.S. land pressure pumping market, and I outlined the first phase of our new plan for this business, consolidating in two target basins where the majority of activity and near-term growth is concentrated. We continue to believe this is the right approach for Baker Hughes given the continued pricing pressure, capital investment requirements and the large number of competitors serving this market. The first steps of our plan are well underway with a new management structure in place, and operations consolidation taking place into those basins. As we prepare for the final stage of our plan, we continue to retain much of the operating structure in North America for this business, while we evaluate our options to ensure we maximize shareholder value. I want to finish up with a bit more on the market outlook, and the opportunities we see for Baker Hughes. As we said in early May, we don't expect to see a meaningful recovery in the second half of the year, and that's still the case. While we've seen production edge down, particularly in North America, that has been offset by additional production elsewhere. While our customers have substantially slowed, reduced, or all together canceled a large number of exploratory and field development campaigns, I've yet to see an economic catalyst that will create a step change to demand, that would lead to materially higher oil prices. In addition, U.S. crude storage levels are at record highs and there is a significant backlog of crude in the form of drilled, but uncompleted or so-called DUC wells. On the demand side, growth is only forecasted to be modestly higher than expectations at the beginning of the year. In fact, the economic impact of recent events such as the Brexit vote leading to a stronger dollar and significantly weaker British pound has created more uncertainty and historically there's been a strong correlation between a strengthening dollar and a weakening oil price, which could continue to be an unfavorable headwind. Many of our customers, I speak to are standing pat at today's oil prices. And yes, many say they will ramp activity as oil prices reach the $50 mark. However, like in past cycles, service sector costs will rise with increased activity and that will erode incremental cash margins for the operators. Accordingly, I believe oil prices in the upper $50s at a minimum are required for sustainable recovery in North America. As we mentioned previously, in North America, we expect an initial increase in activity in the drilled, but uncompleted category, which today extends beyond 5,000 wells across the various basins. While completion schedules for these wells are estimated to ramp up as oil prices recover, the pace and speed of the increase will vary widely across the available inventory based on the well's economics and a large number of DUCs are not economical at $50 oil prices. Regardless, with our strength in the artificial lift and production chemical product lines, this expected activity is a near-term opportunity for Baker Hughes. Despite a backlog of drilled but uncompleted wells to work through, we expect the North American rig count to increase modestly in the second half of 2016 driven by seasonal gains in Canada and a slight uptick in the U.S. market. I describe it as a slow grind upwards for North America. Internationally, we expect rig counts to continue slight declines in most countries for the second half of 2016. However, it's not a one-size-fits-all outlook, as there are pockets of stability mixed with pockets of declines. Markets in the Middle East and Russia Caspian are expected to be more resilient and may experience modest growth. The leading drilling and completions positions that we've built in these markets are likely to see the first surge in activity on the well construction side as conventional markets with lower lifting costs are the first to recover. We expect deepwater activity to continue to decline; however, when this segment recovers, which we fully expect, we are well-positioned with a substantial footprint in deepwater markets such as the Gulf of Mexico, Brazil, North Sea and West Africa with leading positions in drilling and completion services. In the meantime, with our customers focused on maximizing production, the new products coming out of our production chemicals business continues to drive market share gains in every deepwater basin. To sum it up, I want to emphasize that we're making great progress on meeting our cost objectives. We've restructured the company to support our go-to-market strategy and we are executing on that strategy decisively and with a sense of urgency. And I'm very optimistic about our road ahead. Now let me turn it over to Kimberly.
Kimberly Ross: Thanks, Martin and good morning, everyone. As Martin mentioned, today we reported revenue for the second quarter of $2.4 billion, down 10% sequentially as a result of additional activity reductions and pricing pressures across all our geographic segments. On a GAAP basis, the net loss for the quarter was $911 million or $2.08 per share. The adjusted net loss for the second quarter was $392 million or $0.90 per share. Adjusted net loss excludes $519 million of after-tax adjusting items or $1.18 per share. These items on a pre-tax basis are: goodwill impairment of $1.8 billion of which $1.5 billion related to North America and $311 million to our Industrial Services segment. Impairments and restructuring charges of $1.1 billion primarily related to impairments of fixed assets and intangibles, workforce reductions and contract terminations. Inventory adjustments of $621 million related to writing off inventory. A charge for early extinguishment of debt of a $142 million related primarily to the premium on the bonds we repurchased. Merger and related costs of $78 million and $262 million for income taxes on these items. These charges were partially offset by the collection of the merger termination fee of $3.5 billion and the reversal of a loss on firm purchase commitments of $51 million as a result of reaching a settlement this quarter. On the other hand, non-adjusted from our results are before tax charges related to provisions for doubtful accounts of a $166 million, primarily in Ecuador and valuation allowances on indirect taxes of $45 million, largely in Africa. These charges reflect the ongoing challenges our industry is facing and the restructuring actions we have implemented to align our business to these market conditions. These actions are expected to result in an estimated $450 million of annualized cost savings with approximately two-thirds coming from compensation savings related to workforce reductions of 3,000 positions which were completed this quarter. With the other one-third of the savings resulting from reduced depreciation and amortization expense associated with the impairment. While our cost reductions will continue in the second half of the year, the actions taken this quarter clearly puts us well underway to accomplish our annualized cost savings objectives of $500 million. The effective tax rate for the second quarter was a negative 20%. Our income tax rate has remained and will continue to remain volatile between the quarters as a result of the geographic mix of earnings and certain discrete tax items. Our corporate costs were $29 million for the quarter, down $3 million sequentially. We expect these costs to remain in the low $30 million for the rest of the year. Taking a closer look at our results from operations. In North America, revenue of $668 million decreased 18% sequentially against the backdrop of a 35% decline in the rig count. The decrease in revenue was driven primarily by reduced U.S onshore activity and the seasonal spring break up in Canada. We continued to experience pricing pressure during the quarter, although prices in some markets have begun to reach bottom. Adjusted operating losses for the quarter of $153 million improved sequentially by $21 million as the initial savings from impairments and restructuring actions more than offset the impact of reduced revenue. Moving to international results. We posted revenue of $1.5 billion which is a 9% decrease versus the prior quarter. Our Latin America segment experienced the largest top line declines as revenue dropped 15% sequentially. This is primarily driven by reduced offshore activity in Mexico where the offshore rig count dropped an additional 32% sequentially and reduced revenue in Ecuador, where we have substantially decreased activity with a local customer to avoid further collection risk. In the Middle East, Asia-Pacific segment, revenue was down 9% sequentially, primarily as a result of weakening activity and pricing pressures in Asia-Pacific with the largest decline seen in Australia where the rig count declined 50% sequentially. Lastly, our Europe, Africa, Russian Caspian segment was down 5% sequentially. Activity and pricing reductions primarily in North Africa, Nigeria, the UK, and Angola were partially offset by the impact of favorable exchange rates in Europe and Russia and increased activity in the North Sea. International adjusted operating losses were $277 million with operating margins down 1,664 basis points sequentially, which includes a 1,050-basis point sequential impact from provisions for doubtful accounts, mostly related to Ecuador and valuation allowances on indirect taxes in Africa. And although we are taking provisions for these receivables, we continue to aggressively pursue collections. For our Industrial Services segment, revenue for the second quarter was $273 million, up 11% sequentially. Industrial Services adjusted operating profit was $4 million with operating margins increasing 310 basis points sequentially. The increase in revenue and margins was driven by the seasonal increase in activity in our pipeline inspection and maintenance business, partially offset by a 250-basis point margin impact from provision for doubtful accounts. Looking at cash flow in the balance sheet; during the quarter we generated $3.6 billion in free cash flow, driven mainly by the collection of the $3.5 billion termination fee while restructuring activities of $135 million paid during the quarter were funded from operations. At this time, the estimated net cash proceeds from the $3.5 billion termination fee have increased from $3 billion announced in May to approximately $3.4 billion as we are able to utilize more tax attributes than previously anticipated. We are also well down the path of our announced plan to optimize our capital structure. First, we repurchased approximately 10.9 million shares on the open market totaling $500 million. This leaves $1 billion remaining under our previously announced intention to repurchase $1.5 billion of shares, which we will continue to execute. Second, we have completed the purchase of $1 billion face value of outstanding bonds, which will result in $632 million in savings over the life of the bond. This represents $55 million of annualized interest savings, which will be above and beyond the $500 million cost reduction commitment. Also, as a result of this transaction, our total debt for the quarter declined by $1 billion or 25% sequentially to $3 billion and we ended the quarter with a debt-to-capital ratio of 18%. As part of this transaction, during the quarter we recognized a loss on early extinguishment of debt of $142 million before tax. Third, in early July, we successfully refinanced our $2.5 billion credit facility, which was set to expire in September for a new five-year term maturing in 2021. This untapped credit facility allows us to maintain additional financial flexibility, if the right opportunity arises. After all this was said and done, we ended the second quarter with $3.9 billion of cash on the balance sheet. While not all of the cash is readily available, it provides us with ample liquidity to address the challenges and opportunities of the current market. Capital expenditures for the quarter were $70 million, down 19% sequentially. During this downturn, we have been extremely disciplined in our capital deployment and going forward, we will continue to maintain the same rigor. As such, we expect our capital expenditures to range between $300 million and $400 million for the year. At the same time, we continue to invest wisely in our core business to ensure we remain competitively well positioned while maximizing return on invested capital. I always say, it's not necessarily about how much capital we spend, but more about the returns we get for the capital investments we make. Depreciation and amortization for the second quarter was $305 million, down 14% sequentially. The asset impairments recorded this quarter are expected to result in approximately a $160 million of annualized depreciation and amortization savings. To sum it up, we had a lot of moving parts this quarter. So we've made great progress on the financial objectives we outlined in May. And while there is still work to be done, we are well positioned financially and strategically to manage through the challenges and to capitalize on the opportunities ahead. We are committed to generating positive cash flows by proactively managing our cost structure, reducing our working capital and maximizing return on invested capital. And with that, let's go to Q&A, Alondra.
Alondra Oteyza: Thank you, Kimberly. At this point, I would like to ask the operator to open the lines for your questions. To give everyone a fair chance to ask questions, we ask that you limit yourselves to a single question and one related follow-up question. With that being said, Bridgette, could I have the first question please?
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] And our first question is from Jud Bailey with Wells Fargo. Your line is open.
Judson Bailey: Thank you. Good morning.
Martin Craighead: Good morning, Jud.
Judson Bailey: A question on the cost reductions, Alondra, you laid out kind of the source of the cost reduction on your way in terms of meeting your plan. How much did you recognize in terms of cost savings in the second quarter, and how do we think about margins in the back half of the year, how quickly do you realize those savings and how do we think about margins progressing and where do we see the biggest impact from those cost savings?
Kimberly Ross: So, Jud, this is Kimberly. So, we got about one month of benefit in quarter two. So, obviously, we do expect to have further benefit coming through in quarter three and quarter four. And therefore, we would expect to see some margin improvements in the second half of the year due to the cost reductions that have taken place.
Judson Bailey: Okay.
Kimberly Ross: Additionally, we'll continue to focus on some additional cost reductions, we still have some more that we're going to do in quarter three and some of those take a little bit of time, so they won't necessarily be a full quarter of it, but then we'd expect to start seeing more cost savings in quarter four from that initiative and we'll update you on that next quarter.
Judson Bailey: Okay. So, would we expect by the fourth quarter that all that cost savings effectively will be in the results by the fourth quarter or would you still have a little bit of a lag there?
Kimberly Ross: No. We're on target. Well, we would not expect to see necessarily a full quarter's savings, but by the end of the year, we will see a run rate for the following year, the $500 million savings that we targeted.
Judson Bailey: Okay. Great. And then my follow-up, just kind of staying with that topic and Martin to think about what your commentary was on North America. I think you said your expectation was for a grind higher in the back half of the year. With that as a backdrop for potential activity levels, how do we think about North American margins, I would imagine you should see a pretty notable step up in margins with some of the cost reductions and the volume increases should help? Can you help us think about how you could perhaps exit your North America margins under that scenario?
Martin Craighead: I would say Jud that, yes, we expect the margins to finish strong in North America driven by strong incrementals given the cost reductions that are taking place. Of course, the biggest driver in North America is going to be activity levels which will drive our pricing environment. But putting those aside, if you just want to look at our - of what we can control, so to speak, it's the cost removals driving some strong incrementals. So, we expect the margins to be much more improved than they are right now.
Judson Bailey: Do you think you can get close to breakeven?
Martin Craighead: You tell me what oil prices are, what the rig count is, and I can give you - I can land the plane, but I can't - I am not going to go there right now.
Judson Bailey: Great. Thank you. I'll turn it back.
Operator: Our next question is from Kurt Hallead with RBC. Your line is open.
Kurt Hallead: Hey, good morning.
Martin Craighead: Good morning, Kurt.
Kurt Hallead: Hey. I just wanted to follow up, you referenced 60 new products coming in the back half of the year and I just want to try to gauge what you think that could potentially generate from a revenue standpoint, maybe as a percentage of total revenue and maybe, kind of give us some kind of historical perspective on what new products generally represented from a revenue standpoint?
Martin Craighead: That's a great question. If you remember Kurt in 2014 at the Analyst Conference, we put a $1 billion bogey out there. Obviously, it was a different environment in 2014 and we hit that. Last year, we didn't share with you, I don't think specifically, but a dramatically different market. And the revenue from new products hung in very, very well as a percentage of total revenue. I would put these 60 products in the remaining part of the year, an incremental revenue associated with those products, north of $0.25 billion I think, is a safe call depending on the product, the mix, where we are launching it, and the margin contribution on all of those is generally accretive.
Kurt Hallead: That $0.25 billion would be within the first year of launch, is that a fair way to look at it?
Martin Craighead: Yes, that is exactly right.
Kurt Hallead: Okay. And then, my follow up is you mentioned based on your new strategy of focusing on only profitable areas where that might have an impact of like 5% on the revenue base. And at the same time you are talking about direct sales and selling into some local competition? I'm assuming Martin, and maybe you can kind of clarify this, that whatever you're going to sell into these local players will more than offset that 5% revenue drop?
Martin Craighead: Yeah. That's the plan. I can tell you one thing, it will sure as hell more than offset the margin drop and there is a timing issue. We're in the process of weaving through that portfolio, we're engaged with that emerging customer set, I like where we are in the process in terms of laying the groundwork, staffing the teams, and we're having serious discussions with this emerging customer group in terms of what's the scope of their needs. This is a new opportunity for them as well. We're building this business from the ground up. There's no rulebook on this, no one else is doing it like we plan to do it. I think the thing to keep in mind that this is a broader set of new customers in this space and we have every intension of having every one of them be a customer of Baker Hughes.
Kurt Hallead: Right. Awesome, that's great and great to have you back on the conference call circuit.
Martin Craighead: Great to be here, thanks.
Kurt Hallead: All right.
Operator: Our next question is from Angie Sedita with UBS. Your line is open.
Martin Craighead: Good morning, Angie.
Angie Sedita: Thanks. Good morning, guys. So, to go along with that prior question that Kurt just asked on the rationalizing of products cross certain countries and the 5% of revenues. Can you talk about where you are in that process, is that still in the early stages or maybe even midway and talk about the timeline on that a little bit? And then, obviously there are some opportunities besides local oil service providers, can you talk about where you think, your other new channels could be for sales op?
Martin Craighead: Yeah. So, timing-wise, Angie, I mean, we've just left home plate and I think, that's the best way to frame it. But as I've said, the interest levels, the type of dialogue, the enthusiasm confirms that we're on the right path. And I'm sorry, the second part of your question?
Angie Sedita: And then, as far as where you - how many other opportunities do you think you see in new sales channels besides the local oil service providers?
Martin Craighead: Well, I think that pretty much sums up the - when we're talking about these new channels that is the category that I think they all fall underneath. But there's a whole different kind of mixture in that group. And at the same time, let's remember that as I said in my prepared comments, our core business continues to be the biggest growth opportunity in so many ways, depending on what part of the world we're in. The new products, the new organization, the new teams being able to peel out, if you will, some of the underperforming assets and double down on more of the stronger assets, we expect to see pretty strong uplift in the core business concurrent with these new market channels.
Angie Sedita: Perfect. Okay. Good color. And then, as a unrelated follow up, maybe if you could talk a little bit about your thoughts on pressure pumping in frac regards to Baker and the industry overall and maybe walk us through, if you can, how much of Baker's equipment is cold stack versus warm stack, the CapEx to bring it back and just thoughts on overall frac attrition for the U.S.?
Martin Craighead: Some of that's skating on the edge of competitive information, but let me put it this way. Of our total fleet, we probably have 20% active and then you could go through the various forms of cold stack, warm stack, hot stack. The hot stack equipment could mobilize in days, you know the cold stacked, you're talking a lot longer period, months, very little money in terms of the hot stack to bring it back, but the cold stack you're well north of $150 million. So, it's a lot of capital and this is one of the issues that we have with that business.
Angie Sedita: And then thoughts on overall attrition in the industry? How much that come back fairly easy versus how much would need in total CapEx to come back?
Martin Craighead: Well, that's a great question. It's hard to speculate Angie. If I look at the size and the scope of our franchise, our franchise in North America, I think it probably reflects the industry average. Given the cash-strapped nature of a lot of the independent players, they maybe cannibalizing a little bit more and not maintaining to the same level. So, you could maybe make some of the numbers I gave you a little bit more bleak as an industry whole. But what it is to-date, does it really matter because there could be a lot more to come.
Angie Sedita: All right. Great. Thanks. I'll turn it over.
Operator: Our next question is from Sean Meakim with JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Sean Meakim: Hi, good morning.
Martin Craighead: Good morning, Sean.
Sean Meakim: So just not to focus too much on less than 5% of revenue. But I just was curious, we talked about businesses that don't meet your hurdles for profit and returns today.
Martin Craighead: Yeah.
Sean Meakim: Just curious if that contribution looked materially different during normalized activity, say 2013 or 2014?
Martin Craighead: That's a good question and I can tell you that the decisions we're making today are based on the analysis work through different time periods. I don't want to be specific because I think that what we're doing is some really, really good rigorous evaluation. But we looked at the businesses at the sharpest end of the stick under a variety of market conditions. We looked at a variety of risk factors. I mean a real portfolio of risk factors financially as well as operationally as well as commercially. We looked at collectability, we looked at cash flows. We've got a real insight to these businesses that was the opportunity we had, while we were kind of in that purgatory time. So these are the decisions now that are on the - this is the information that is now on the table and this is the decision set that Belgacem and Derek, and Art and the team, all of us, Kimberly are working through.
Sean Meakim: So it'll be fair to say then as you think about normalized activity next cycle, having gone through the analysis, you'd expect that there's going to be, not necessarily just today, but in a normalized period of activity, improvement to the overall in terms of profitability and return.
Martin Craighead: That's the objective.
Kimberly Ross: That's the idea.
Martin Craighead: That's exactly right. And remember as well, remember as well, Sean that the decisions to exit or to take something out is generally very small as I said in my comments, but it's converted into something with somebody else. And that's going to not only drive our margins, it's going to drive the number one driver we have as a management team which is return on invested capital. Full stop.
Sean Meakim: Very helpful. And then I was hoping to touch on working capital. So, it looks like your DSOs got better in the quarter, but of course we had the big provisions for doubtful accounts. I was hoping maybe Kimberly could give us a little more on the moving pieces and then in particular if you're seeing anything in terms of shifts in receivable collections from some of your large international customers?
Kimberly Ross: Yeah. So, as we said, obviously we had a bit moment both in receivables as well as in inventory and those were largely attributed to the write-offs or the reserves that we took on both of those. We did overall, we had nine days improvement of which seven days was essentially bad debt on the receivable side. So we've continued to make progress on collecting the receivable. This is an area that we started last year being very focused on because at the end of the day, I would say a sale is not a sale if you don't collect on it, it's a gift and we're really not in the business of gifting.
Sean Meakim: Right.
Kimberly Ross: So, we've really increased the discipline and having proactive discussions with our customers about collections. So, obviously there are many countries, especially when they're very dependent on oil that are struggling in today's environment. We look at those, in some cases the future will look better when oil prices get better, in other cases we see that they might continue to have struggles. And so, what I can say is even right down to myself is people are out talking to our customers and having a good sense about where they are and we obviously try to work with them as much as possible. But in some cases, we end up having to take provisions and our policy is based on a timeframe. So, when we haven't been paid after a certain timeframe, then we take provisions on those receivables. So, not getting any easier right now, but I think we have a pretty good full-court pressed on it from our side. And even if we have taken a provision I should say, we will continue to work on collecting those funds. So, it's not like it's been written off, we continue to work to collect.
Sean Meakim: Of course. Yeah, fair enough. Thanks a lot for the detail.
Operator: Our next question is from Jim Wicklund with Credit Suisse. Your line is open.
James Wicklund: Good morning, guys.
Martin Craighead: Good morning, Jim.
James Wicklund: Martin, I remember when the geo market structure was first being introduced at Baker Hughes and the comment was it was going to take a long time, measured in years, similar to what Schlumberger had gone through in adapting their geo market structure, you talk about the new design of your current structure and the implementation. How long should it take to implement the change in management structure, design and population of the appropriate spots? How long should we expect it to be before you have the new organization, if you would, up and running?
Martin Craighead: Well, let me look at my watch here. It's done. It's done. We've moved with...
James Wicklund: Okay. So, we're not going to have to go through four years of every quarter gone is it done yet, it's already done. So, that's good.
Martin Craighead: It's done. Full stop, truly.
James Wicklund: And...
Martin Craighead: The team moved with great speed. Sorry, didn't mean to interrupt you. The team moved with great speed. We knew who we wanted, who we didn't. We knew where we wanted them, an enormous feeling of excitement with the organization, to stand things up in a different way, focus on winning and what we're winning with, to compete on our strengths, not defend our weaknesses and people are pretty charged up. So there's no timeframe on this one, we're locked and loaded.
James Wicklund: Okay. And Kimberly on that note, how long before - what quarter do you think we start to see the actual - not the cost savings you'll do the rest of this year, but sometime in 2017 and 2018 where we see the full benefit of that new management structure impacting the financial statements?
Kimberly Ross: Well, I'd like to think it's already starting, quite frankly with the streamlined organization that with my perspective on this is that we're making decisions very quickly. And we're able to push them down through the organization very quickly also. This helps us with regards to standardization in some areas and obviously that helps get cost out as well as it helps us move faster and it takes risk out, right also if you can move faster and things are less complex. So I'd like to think that we're going to be seeing that sooner rather than later. Obviously the full impact, we wouldn't expect to see this year, but I'm already seeing just how we're making decisions quicker and able to move up and down and through the organization a lot faster. Even from my perspective, I now don't have to go out and try to change something with four different geo heads now I go straight to Belgacem or Art or we all get together, we make a decision and we can start communicating to the organization very quickly in a standardized fashion.
James Wicklund: Okay. That's very helpful. And my follow-up, if I could. Over the last couple of years and going back probably two years or three years or four years now, Baker had gone on an expansion effort of building out infrastructure in international markets, so they could compete more on a variable cost basis against some of the bigger players. And I just wonder now, if some of those might be considered stranded assets with the change in business model and is that true. And if so, I think you're pursuing an asset light model anyway. So it wouldn't be a surprise, but is that the case. Are you going to have some redundant infrastructure in the international markets that you added just four years ago, five years ago?
Kimberly Ross: Well, yeah. Again, we're maintaining obviously a global footprint. But with that said, even within countries, we believe and we're seeing that there's some opportunities for optimization and obviously the business is strong also. So, we have been taking actions and shutting down facilities last year as well as this year. We will continue to have some taking place in quarter three and then additionally what we'll be looking at next year is looking at some of the footprint around supply chain also. So, I think this is one of those things that one should look at on a regular basis, but definitely right now considering the downturn and some of the changes that have taken place, really taking a close look at that. And again, this goes to our analysis on return on invested capital also and really putting the rigor into, okay, how do we maximize the value of the assets that we have, where we want to exit, but then also how do we make sure that we have the least amount of bricks and motors to service the business in an optimal way.
James Wicklund: Okay. Thank you all very much. I appreciate it.
Martin Craighead: Welcome Jim.
Operator: Our next question is from James West with Evercore. Your line is open.
James West: Hey, good morning Martin, good morning Kimberly.
Martin Craighead: Good morning James.
Kimberly Ross: Hi, James.
James West: Martin, you talked about the new sales channels for direct sales. And I'm curious, I guess, to one, have you had to add staff or is this a reallocation of staff? Two, is this the part of your sales force test or do they have the right tools to attack this new market? And how quickly can they ramp up the conversations with the new third-party competitors that are going to compete with your larger competitors in these markets where you are choosing to not be I guess, boots on the ground?
Martin Craighead: I like the way these questions are starting to go because you can see, there is a learning curve for everybody in this industry as to the model that we are building here. There is a skill-set that's different from looking after the large NOC or an independent in North America. But that's a skill-set that we're growing our self. I think it's going to be a competency that as this category emerges, we are going to have a competency that's very much oriented to this sector. It's a very technical but also very, very operations driven customer base. Unlike a traditional customer James, like a Statoil or a Petrobras or a Devon, these are us, these are folks that have generally been in our industry. And so the conversations are much more about partnerships, it's about what their challenges are themselves in terms it could be anything around compliance, HSE, maintenance schedules. So, you would see our sales people in this category be former types of heavy lifters within our operations. The timeframe on these is much longer than a transactional or tender type of thing. These are probably six month timeframes once the discussion start and these guys get our folks and get our equipment in place. So I don't know if I answered your question or not, but that's kind of the color I can provide.
James West: Okay. That's very helpful. And then, Martin obviously, you over the last couple of months have had, I'm sure not tons of customer conversations around, you're describing both a new strategy and then in more recent weeks probably with oil prices coming back down, has made perhaps some changed conversations or maybe not. So I'm curious how those conversations on your strategy are going and also if there has been any change in the last couple of weeks with oil prices coming down in terms of your customer outlooks for the back half of this year?
Martin Craighead: Okay. Let's take the first one, what are the customers saying. So you have a customer that says wait. You mean, I can have a Baker Hughes product, perhaps more opportunities to buy some of the best products and technology in my respective, the country I operate in or the basin I operate in. I mean customers love it. As to the activity levels that I'm hearing from our customers, it's kind of as I said James, in the commentary. It depends where they are, it depends on the strength of the customer, the quality of their acreage and so forth. I think, as Kimberly said internationally, it's a concerning environment, it's the cash flow, CapEx issue much more, it's a longer cycle nature of projects. I think until the view is more constructive, these guys are just going to - just sit tight. Now, I think the Middle East is maybe a little bit different than that. It should be, at worst, flat to slightly up. And we have a large, very large OPEC customer there that just announced a very ambitious plan, to grow their production 30% by 2020. So, that aside, as far as North America, I don't subscribe to the whole full commentary that I think, gets thrown around a lot by your community. And I think that the customers are going to need something that's coming and vectoring in on around $60 or high $50s just because certain costs on our side are going to go up. And I just would feel a lot more confident that we see some stability well north of $55 before there is a lot of motivation for us to be bringing back capital into North America.
James West: Okay. Very helpful. Thank you, Martin.
Alondra Oteyza: Okay. Thank you, everyone. We will take now one final question. Bridgette?
Operator: Thank you. And our next question is from Byron Pope with Tudor, Pickering, Holt. Your line is open.
Byron Pope: Good morning.
Martin Craighead: Good morning, Byron.
Byron Pope: Just got one question here, a lot of moving pieces in the Q2 results. And so, I'm just trying to think about base line operating margins for the three international regions in the context of the cost savings benefits that will kick-in in the back half of the year. So, as it relates to the three international regions, is it reasonable to think that as we step through the back half of the year, that those operating margins for each of those three regions should trend higher sequentially as you move through the back half of the year just given the benefit of the cost reductions?
Kimberly Ross: Yeah. I mean, obviously we expect to continue to have some price pressures in some activities, but we have focused on the cost reductions. And therefore we do expect to see sequential improvement. In some parts of international markets it takes a bit longer to get costs out due especially if it involves people because of some of the labor processes. And so, we'll continue to focus on that but the answer to your question is yes, we do expect to see sequential improvement in the margin as a result of cost savings.
Byron Pope: Thanks, Kimberly.
Operator: Thank you. And I'm not showing any further questions. I'll now turn the call back over to Mr. Martin for closing remarks.
Martin Craighead: Thanks, Bridgette. Everybody listen before I sign off I want to leave you with a few key points to sum up what we discussed today. Number one, less than three months ago we made a series of very clear commitments to our stakeholders, including you. And today's update strongly demonstrates that we're making very good progress on every one of them with decisiveness and speed. Two, in the second quarter we made significant progress to both strengthen our competitive position and financial performance in our core full service business and we expect that that momentum to build as customer confidence in the market returns. And three, while we see the market remaining challenging for the rest of this year and for the reasons that we outlined, with our strength and innovation, focus on operational performance and flexibility of our broader go to market's model, unique to Baker Hughes, makes us very well positioned for the opportunities that are available today and when the market around the world begins to recover. So, with that folks I want to thank all of you for joining this morning. And Bridgette, you can now close the call.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in today's conference. This concludes the program and you may now disconnect. Everyone have a great day.

===== 2014 Q4  (2015-01-20 08:00:00) =====
Executives: Trey Clark - VP, IR Martin Craighead - Chairman & CEO Kimberly Ross - SVP & CFO
Analysts: Jud Bailey - Well Fargo Byron Pope - Tudor, Pickering, Holt James Wicklund - Credit Suisse James West - Evercore Scott Gruber - Citi Ole Slorer - Morgan Stanley David Anderson - Barclays Brad Handler - Jefferies
Operator: My name is Paulette, and I will be your conference facilitator. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Baker Hughes Fourth Quarter 2014 Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks there will be a question-and-answer period. [Operator Instructions]. Thank you. I will now turn the conference over to Mr. Trey Clark, Vice President of Investor Relations. Sir, you may proceed.
Trey Clark: Thank you, Paulette. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to the Baker Hughes fourth quarter 2014 earnings conference call. Here with me today is our Chairman and CEO, Martin Craighead; and Kimberly Ross, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Todays presentation and the earnings release that was issued earlier today can be found on our website at bakerhughes.com. As a reminder, during the course of this conference call, we will provide predictions, forecasts, and other forward-looking statements. Although they reflect our current expectations, these statements are not guarantees of future performance, but involve a number of risks and assumptions. We advise you to review our SEC filings for a discussion of some of the factors that could cause actual results to differ materially. Also, a reconciliation of operating profit and other non-GAAP measures to GAAP results can be found on our earnings release and on our website at bakerhughes.com under the Investor Relations section. And with that, Ill turn the call over to Martin Craighead. Martin?
Martin Craighead: Thanks, Trey, and good morning. Let me start by saying that I am very pleased with our performance in the fourth quarter. We delivered strong results and a record year for Baker Hughes. I expect 2015 to be pivotal in many ways for our company and our industry, and I will provide you with our views on the market place later in the call. But first let me provide perspective on the prior year and the fourth quarter. We ended 2014 with a number of strategic initiatives which we communicated at our analyst conference in May. We plan to leverage our strength in well construction to grow share in deepwater and unconventional markets. And we wanted to establish differentiating positions in our well production and midstream product lines to technology development. We also outlined three financial targets; first, to raise margins in the western hemisphere targeting the midteens in North America by years end. Second, was to achieve double-digit revenue growth in the eastern hemisphere and third was to maintain capital discipline and deliver strong free cash flow. Achieving these performance objectives would require managing our business more efficiently and delivering on -- to convert innovations into earnings. That means leveraging our strength and technology development and our global supply chain to deliver differentiating new products and services which are designed to solve our customers three biggest challenges, efficient well construction, optimize well production and increased ultimate recovery. The cornerstone of this strategy is to accelerate new product development and to maximize returns early in the product lifecycle. One of the targets that we shared at our conference was to increase the revenue generated from products within the first 12 months after they have been commercialized. We set an ambitious target of $1 billion in revenue for the year a 20% increase over the prior year. During the year our global products and services group introduced more than 160 new products and services to the market. That means on average we brought a new solution to the market place every 55 hours. Now, let me share a few examples of technologies which are reshaping our industry and our financial performance. Among the most impactful innovations we have brought to market has been our ProductionWave solution, which integrates cutting edge artificial lift technologies with production chemicals and remote monitoring services to optimize production in the unconventionals. ProductionWave has come to market at the right time and at the right price point to become a true differentiator and today we already have approximately 5000 ProductionWave solutions installed in North America and a growing number of international markets. Not surprisingly, artificial lift was our fastest growing product line in 2014. FASTrak is also gaining momentum. This technology remains the worlds only commercially available service designed to reduce reservoir uncertainty and maximize ultimate recovery by analyzing and extracting samples while drilling. This services [Indiscernible] exploration markets with deployments in 13 different countries across each of our operating segments and is part of the reason why weve increased our share of drilling services in virtually every deepwater market around the world. SHADOW plug is another example of our recent technology breakthrough. By leveraging our strength and completion systems and material sciences, we created the worlds first large-bore plug which incorporates a disintegrating metallic ball. This innovation eliminates the need to mill out plug following well completion removing a critical barrier to achieving unlimited lateral lengths and expanding the possibilities of well construction altogether. Sales for SHADOW plug grew exponentially over the year, with four quarter sales exceeding the first three quarters combined. These are just a few of the innovations we placed some big bets on and these bets are paying off, creating value for our customers, differentiation for Baker Hughes and more than a $1 billion in revenue from new products. We also highlighted that our focus is squarely on execution and outcomes. In North America, we set out to completely to transform our largest product line our pressure pumping business. This is part of our multi-year initiative we put in place shortly after I became CEO. The plan included key investments to modernize our supply chain, deployment of new technologies to drive efficiencies at the well site and the relentless pursuit of contracts with larger, more efficient customers. Our North America results are a reflection of this plan in action. For the fourth quarter I am pleased to report that our U.S. pressure pumping margins were the highest they have been in three years. Taking a look at our international operations, we are also seeing the benefit of investments made over the last few years leading to significant contract wins in Brazil, Norway, Angola and the Middle East. At the same time we made the tough decision to exit some projects that werent generating satisfactory returns. In Iraq, we demobilized on a major contract this summer freeing up resources to be redeployed to more profitable projects in the region, contributing to better margins in our Middle East Asia Pacific segment and profitability in Iraq. In Libya, we shut down our onshore operations there and reorganized our North Africa geomarket allowing us to service the offshore market safely and efficiently from neighbouring countries. During the fourth quarter, North Africa margins were at their highest level since the geomarket was formed more than five years ago. In Venezuela, we altered our business model by partnering with local providers allowing us to maintain support for this vital oil producing country while at the same time significantly reducing our working capital exposure. Today, our receivables in Venezuela are less than 1% of our total receivables balance, a fraction of what it used to be only a couple of years ago. Across all of our international operations we are seeing increased earnings from investments made to modernize our infrastructure and enhance our global supply chain. During the fourth quarter we delivered the highest volume of year end product sales in the history of Baker Hughes. Our manufacturing, operations and supply chain teams all worked in concert to fabricate sale and deliver an unprecedented volume of completion systems, drilling assemblies, artificial lift products and wireline technologies to customers across Asia, Latin America and the Middle East. Compared to the previous year fourth quarter product sales increased nearly 20% a remarkable example of execution and a solid way to punctuate the end of a very positive year. We also grew our industrial segment and increased our capabilities to the acquisition of a complimentary pipeline services business, in alignment with our strategy to help customers optimize production; Baker Hughes has established a differentiating and very unique position in the midstream space with unmatched capabilities in process and pipeline services and downstream chemicals. By executing our strategy and managing our business more efficiently, we delivered on each of the performance objectives we set out to achieve for the year. We increased share in deepwater with major wins in Brazil, Angola and Norway. We strengthened our position in the unconventional with technologies like SHADOW plug and by transforming our pressure pumping business. We established a differentiating position in well production with ProductionWave and through acquisition; weve established a very unique position in the midstream market. We ended the year with 15% margins in North America and 20% margins in Latin America and in the East we achieved 12% growth over the prior year. We achieved these performance objectives while maintaining capital discipline and reducing our cash conversion cycle and delivered the highest free cash flow in the history of Baker Hughes and we converted these results into greater shareholder returns, we repurchased more shares and increased our dividend all while maintaining a strong balance sheet. But without a doubt, the most notable highlight of the year was secured late in the fourth quarter with the successful negotiation and signing of the merger agreement with Halliburton. We fully expect the closing of this transaction to deliver a premium to our shareholders in the near term and provide a long term opportunity to benefit from the future upside of the combined companies. We fully believe in the potential of the combined companies to better serve customers with a broad suite of products and technology and to create more opportunities for employees over the long term. Under the leadership of Mark and Belgacem our integration teams are developing plans for an efficient and thoughtful integration and I am very pleased with the progress todate. Until the transaction closes, our focus remains on execution and navigating the current market downturn. Late in the fourth quarter we began to see the first evidence the customers are pulling back activity has reflected in the North American rig count. This is the beginning of a trend which will continue to unfold in the weeks and months ahead. Later in todays call, Ill share my thoughts on what the near term outlook is for our industry, what we are doing to adjust our business accordingly and why I am confident that Baker Hughes has the right people, the right technology and the right strategy to remain strong in the months ahead. But first, let me turn it over to Kimberly Ross, who I am pleased to welcome to her first earnings call for Baker Hughes to provide additional details on the quarter. Kimberly?
Kimberly Ross: Thanks Martin and good morning everyone. Today we reported revenues for the fourth quarter of $6.6 billion, a record for Baker Hughes and an increase of $385 million or 6% sequentially.  Adjusted EBITDA for the fourth quarter was also a record at $1.450 million, up 22% sequentially. On a GAAP basis, net income attributable to Baker Hughes for the fourth quarter was $663 million or $1.52 per share. Adjusted net income excludes a $34 million before and after-tax gain or $0.08 per share resulting from the deconsolidation of a joint venture in North Africa. The effective tax rate on adjusted net income for the fourth quarter was 31.5% a reduction from the previous quarter due to the recent extension of the U.S. R&D tax credit and a more favourable geographic mix of sales. As a result, adjusted net income for the fourth quarter was $629 million or $1.44 per share, compared to the previous quarter, adjusted earnings per share increased $0.42 or 41% Taking a closer look at our results from operations, we posted record revenue in North America of $3.3 billion, up 5% sequentially. North America operating profit was $488 million and operating profit margin was 14.8% an increase of 270 basis points versus the prior quarter and in line with the goal we communicated a year ago. The increased profitability was attributed primarily to improved pricing and utilization in our U.S. pressure pumping business along with increased contribution from our Gulf of Mexico and Canadian geomarkets. In North American onshore, we maintained high activity levels throughout most of the quarter and saw increased demand for newly introduced well construction and well production technologies. As a result, the segment delivered record revenue across most product lines including pressure pumping, artificial lift, upstream chemicals, completion systems and drill bits. Offshore delays caused by low [ph] price in the previous quarter began to dissipate in November. When coupled with a large backlog of deepwater simulation activity, we saw a solid rebound in our Gulf of Mexico business for the quarter. Moving to international results, we posted revenue of $2.950 million, which is a 7% increase versus the prior quarter. Operating profit was $545 million, and operating profit margin was 18.4%, this represents an increase of 490 basis points compared to adjusted results in the prior quarter. Each of our international operating segments posted increased revenue and margins with the strongest incremental operating profit coming from Middle East, Asia Pacific. This segment remains our fastest growing business and delivered an impressive 13% topline growth sequentially, along with a 430 basis point increase in operating profit margins. Profitable growth was achieved through an exceptionally rich mix of year end product sales across the region along with record revenue in drilling services, artificial lift and pressure pumping. Completion systems also delivered record revenue and delivered a major well construction project on our integrated operation in Malaysia. We also saw positive contribution from Iraq which was profitable in the fourth quarter. We similarly posted record revenue in our Europe, Africa, Russia, Caspian segment along with an increase in operating profit margins of 410 basis points compared to adjusted results in the third quarter. This segment benefited from solid activity in our Angola, Continental Europe and Nigeria geomarkets along with strong year-end product sales across Africa and the Russian Caspian region. The region also profited from cost reduction measures taken in the previous quarter in response to activity disruptions in North Africa leading to higher margins. Strong margin improvement was also delivered in Latin America where we posted a 4% increase in revenue along with a 750 basis point increase in operating profit margins. This segment benefitted from record revenue in artificial lift as a result of exceptionally high year-end product sales particularly in the Andean region. Additionally, our drilling service product line delivered strong performance and secured additional share in Brazil, resulting in improved profitability for that geomarket. Our Latin America segment ended the year as our highest margin operation worldwide. This is a remarkable turnout for a business that was unprofitable only six quarters ago. For our industrial services segment, revenue for the fourth quarter was $377 million, which is a 13% increase sequentially. This increase includes a full quarters revenue contribution from the newly added pipeline services group which we acquired late in the third quarter. Industrial services operating profit margins were 6.1%, reflecting seasonal reductions in activity along with cost associated with the acquisition and integration of the new business. Looking at the cash flow statement and balance sheet, during the fourth quarter we generated $838 million in free cash flow, a record for Baker Hughes. We ended the quarter with a cash balance of $1.7 billion, which is an increase of $531 million or 44% over the prior quarter. Total debt for the quarter declined by $280 million or 6% sequentially to $4.1 billion and we ended the quarter with a debt to capital ratio of 18%. Capital expenditures for the quarter were $503 million. As we look ahead we see that market dynamics are evolving rapidly. Customer budgets are being reset, activity levels are declining and currencies continue to fluctuate. The further we look beyond the quarter, the greater the effect of clarity. As a result, we are approaching this year one quarter at a time. With that said, in North America for the first quarter we expect the U.S. onshore rig count will continue to drop as customers reduce capital spending.  The average U.S. rig count in the first quarter is projected to be approximately 15% lower than the fourth quarter average. Additionally, we are seeing a growing inventory of wells drilled but not completed as some customers are electing to delay completions and defer production. In Canada, we would normally expect to see peak activity levels in the first quarter, however this year rig counts are expected to remain relatively flat until spring when activity normally drops sharply. As a result of the reduction in overall activity in North America, we project decreased demand for our well construction product lines. In general, well production product lines such as our artificial lift and production chemicals should be more insulated in the short term. Turning to international markets, we expect to see rig counts begin to slowly decline in some offshore  onshore and shallow water markets such as Continental Europe, Mexico, Australia, Iraq and the North Sea. International markets which should remain more resilient in the short term included merging unconventional plays like Argentina and deepwater markets such as Brazil and Angola. Nigeria is the exception where activity levels are likely to decline and remain suppressed until the upcoming election is concluded. In contrast to the declining activity predicted in many parts of the world, several Middle Eastern countries are expected to see a modest increase in activity in the near term. Also as a reminder, seasonal product sales which were exceptionally high in the fourth quarter are not expected to repeat in the first quarter of this year. In summary, in addition to a sharp drop in product sales we expect to see reduced well construction activity in most of our geographical operating segments in the first quarter with the highest declines in North America followed by our Europe, Africa, Russia, Caspian segment. These segments will see reduced volumes of work almost immediately and all markets may see pricing pressures at is worldwide demand for well construction services continues to compress. For Latin America we expect to offset some of the activity declines with an increased share of drilling services in Brazil. Similarly, activity declines in Asia Pacific will be partially offset by increased activity in parts of the Middle East. For our industrial services segment, we expect seasonal reductions in our process and pipeline services business resulting in a drop in revenue, margins however should improve modestly as acquisition and integration cost incurred in the fourth quarter are reduced. With respect to non-operational items, interest expense for the year is expected to be approximately $240 million and the effective tax rate should remain in the low to mid-30s excluding any discrete items. For 2015, our goal is to remain nimble and maintain a strong focus on asset utilization, working capital and returns. We plan to proactively adapt to changing market conditions by rightsizing our cost structure to reflect near term activity levels. While this work is still in progress based on current estimates we expect to undertake a workforce reduction of 7000 most of which to take place in the first quarter. As a result, we expect to book a onetime charge in the range of $160 million to $185 million for severance. Additionally, we are reviewing our operations for potential asset impairments such as facility closures. At the same time, we plan to increase a rig around the process of capital deployment. To that end, we expect to reduce capital expenditures by 20% compared to last year. We enter the cycle well positioned financially and strategically. At the same time we will continue to monitor market conditions closely, adapt with agility and remained focussed on returns, all while maintaining a strong culture of safety, compliance and control. At this point, I would like to turn the call back over to Martin. Martin?
Martin Craighead: Thanks, Kimberly. As Kimberly just mentioned our industry is clearly in the early stages of a down cycle. The same sort of cycle we enter once or twice a decade. As with past cycles, their early days are always marked with a high degree of uncertainty which customers will cut spending and by how much, how fast will rig counts drop and where and when were going to reach the bottom? And we dont have precise answers to all these questions and no one frankly does, but weve been through this before and many times infact. What weve learned in the past is that when the market turns down, it turns swiftly. In each of the last three downturns dating back to the nineties we seen North American rig counts fall between 40% and 60% in the space of only 12 months. International rigs dont tend to fall sharply but begin to drop steadily a couple of months after the first signs of weakness appear in North America. We see no reason to believe that this cycle is going to be any different, but weve navigated changing market conditions many times, both the down cycle and the eventual upcycle. The coming months are going to be challenging, but Baker Hughes is very well positioned financially and strategically to navigate the near term efficiently. We know that the key to success is to move quickly and decisively and to never lose focus on your customers or your core competency and for Baker Hughes our core is innovation. This industry cant simply hope and wait for oil to climb back over $100 a barrel, instead we must adapt to a new reality of sustained lower commodity prices. A major element in this new reality will be technology and to that end we are continuing our investment in fundamental research and product development because the customers need for innovative new products is more critical than ever before. Today, our scientists and research engineers are focussed on redefining what is possible and reshaping the limits of the industries three fundamental challenges, lowering the cost of well construction, optimizing well production and increasing ultimate recoveries. We are exploring new uses for recent discoveries in nano technology to reduce the cost of an unconventional well. We are researching new sensors and new metallurgy capable of increasing production from ultra deepwater reservoirs. We launched a breakthrough new chemical product called JETTISON which removes oil from solids in the production stream reducing our customers refining costs and given the outstanding success of ProductionWave that I mentioned in my opening remarks we have greatly accelerated the research and engineering of a new product called LEAP, the same artificial lift concept we unveiled at our analyst conference. This technology has the potential to completely redefine production management in low rate wells and is the latest demonstration of our leadership in production enhancement solutions. These are just a few of the opportunities weve been working on and it demonstrates that our strategy transcends market conditions and supports our purpose to enable safe, affordable energy improving peoples lives. Longer term, the outlook for our industry remains strong. The worlds demand for energy will continue to climb and the supply of energy will continue to increase in complexity requiring greater service intensity and more advanced technologies. In the mean time we remain committed to our strategy focussed on execution, dedicated to safe reliable service and relentless in our pursuit of positive outcomes for the coming year. So with that Trey, lets go ahead and take some questions.
Trey Clark: Thank you, Martin. At this point, Ill ask the operator to open the lines for your questions. To give everyone a fair chance to ask questions, we ask that you limit yourself to a single question and one related follow-up question. With respect to the pending business transaction with Halliburton, as Im sure everybody can appreciate we are limited in what we can say while the regulatory approvals and other processes remain underway, therefore we will not be responding to the questions on this topic at this time. For additional information on this agreement, we direct you to the recent SEC filing for background on the deal, terms of the merger, and recommendations from our board and their advisors. With that being said, Paulette, can we have the first question please?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from Jud Bailey from Well Fargo. Please go ahead.
Jud Bailey: Thank you. Good morning. And first, let me say congratulations on a great operational quarter. 
Martin Craighead: Thanks Jud.
Jud Bailey: A question on just start on North America. Kimberly noted your expectation of about a 15% decline in the U.S. rig count. Martin, could you talk a little bit about what you are seeing in North America in terms of the pricing environment across your various business lines starting with pressure pumping and maybe some of the other business lines and how does that translate? How should we think about potential revenue declines sequentially in North America given the decline in activity and also pricing deterioration?
Martin Craighead: Right, okay Jud good morning. Well look, this is  this market is moving pretty quickly. You know we saw the rig count really start to decline in the latter part of Q4 and its been picking up a bit of a pace around 50 to 60 rigs a week. And I think the -- you know and its like almost any industry the first businesses to feel the most pressure will be your more capital intensive businesses. So in the pressure pumping world, you know we are starting to certainly have some serious discussions with the customers around bringing down the prices and helping them adjust their costs. You know and we look at around 4 to 5 rigs per frac fleet in terms of utilization. So, as those rigs start coming out, you know, theres going to be some capacity brought on to the market. And theres no doubt that product line is the first to witness it. And then it will cascade through the others and again I think from your perspective, the more capital intensive, generally the more pressure its going to come under first. But in terms of some of other ones, such as artificial lift and chemicals, make up a significant part of our North American portfolio. You know, I fully expect those to be not fully insulted, but more insulted if you will. And on the geographic basis, Gulf of Mexico would be the least to be -- little less to be affected, but some of the other higher cost basins like Bakken, the Mississippi Chat and even the Permian starting to see pressure, Jud.
Jud Bailey: Okay. So, would it fair to assume though with the pricing deterioration would it be fair to expect revenue declines greater than the activity decline in the U.S. markets to that 15%?
Martin Craighead: You know, I think  Id say, yes at this stage, because it do have a  you kind of have a double hit. You have the activity declines and the revenue  decline trails that. But then you do also have an accelerating pricing discussion as well, again, depending on the basin and the product line. So, if youre trying to model it Id say that, yes, you might want to get ahead of that curve a little bit. But again, I just want to remind you that from a Baker Hughes portfolio, the breadths that we have and the heavy emphasis on the production side of the business and the customers increasing focus on getting every barrel out, while they are not drilling, plays very well to us and we will strategically use that and muscle that as much as we can to protect our share and our margins at North America.
Jud Bailey: Okay, great. And that actually kind of lead me to my follow-up question which is if you look at Baker Hughes today versus the last downturn in 2009, the Company has gone through a lot of changes from restructuring to the BJ acquisition and as you noted a nice new suite of products. How should we think about your decremental margins as we go to this downturn? I would assume they would probably not be a severe but Id like to get your perspective on how you see your decremental margins relative to 2009?
Martin Craighead: Well, you know, your assumption is absolutely correct. Theres no way we would expect the decrementals to be as severe as they were in that downturn you referenced. And partly, we think its a bit of a different market, Jud, you know that was a worldwide economic recession and we saw across the broad customers react and certainly this is setting up to be a tough one. But we also have some customer communities, Middle East as well as some other select NOCs around the world and some possible markets that are going to be more insulted. And so I dont think it will be as broad brushed. And secondly particularly as it relates to Baker Hughes we were absolutely in the middle, early stages of the geomarket reorganization and it was very difficult to navigate that market turmoil and also execute the reorganization. So, no way would we expect to have anywhere close to those kind of decrementals.
Kimberly Ross: And if I could just add to that, you know, I mentioned in my opening remarks there about the fact that we will be working on cost reductions. So obviously we cant fully offset any topline decline, but we will be working on trying to mitigate the impact as we rightsize the cost structure for the organization.
Jud Bailey: Great. I appreciate the color. Ill turn it back.
Operator: Our next question comes from Byron Pope from Tudor, Pickering, Holt. Please go ahead.
Byron Pope: Good morning.
Martin Craighead: Good morning, Byron.
Byron Pope: Martin, you touched a bit on your outlook for couple of the deepwater theatres. I think you mentioned deepwater Brazil is a little bit unique for Baker Hughes given youve got the drilling services contract with better terms and conditions kicking in. And I think mentioned Angola is also being another geo-market where it should hold up reasonable well you all. How do you think about the deepwater Gulf of Mexico? Clearly youve rebounded in Q4 from the loop issues, but as you think about 2015 activity levels and deepwater Gulf particularly given how well positioned you are in the Lower Tertiary, just curious as to how you think that deepwater theatre in 2015?
Martin Craighead: I think of the three key deepwater basins, I think the Gulf of Mexico could be most stable. You obviously have a nice risk profile both I think subsurface as well as above the surface if you will. I think our customers are increasingly appreciating that. You know, as well I think the customer mix in the Gulf of Mexico has a little bit more of a steady tendency to it. So, now again, my comments are more related to the more deeper water. The shelf in the Gulf of Mexico is already starting to come under some pressure and I think part of that has associated with the customer mix. The other item Id highlight as it relates to us, Byron is, our position with the floating capacity, the vessels, and youre aware of those and we have a very large contract that we secured for a super major in the Gulf multiyear with some pretty nice terms and conditions and I got to take my hat off to the folks who run the Gulf business there. But secondly, the foresight to put a vessel like that is so unique in its capabilities. I think sets us up pretty well going forward whatever turmoil that Gulf should see. But of those three deepwater markets youve highlighted Id tell you in my opinion that the Gulf of Mexico will be the most steady.
Byron Pope: Okay. And then Martin, just unrelated follow-up as you think about 2015 growth generally speaking I can certainly appreciate the facts that youre taking this quarter by quarter. But just thinking about the quarter that you just put up in Middle East Asia-Pac, clearly some of thats product sales that go away in Q1 as you spoke to. But I still think about that Middle East, Asia-Pacific region is among the international regions is being probably the region that holds up the best if you will for Baker and Im curious as to that if you think thats a reasonable way to think about it?
Martin Craighead: You know again, the market conditions now withstanding. I agree with you but Ill still tell you that the other two regions not to take absolutely anything away from the tremendous quarter that MEAP had. But if you look at the turnaround in Latin America and the margins that posted, I dont expect. Again, the market conditions now withstanding, if we were still in $85, $90 oil which obviously were not, but in terms of the resuscitation of that business, I see it very sustainable, as well as ARC with Africa, and you know, again, albeit we have some serious challenges in Russia Caspian, the U.K. section and Continental Europe is really executing whether its drilling or wireline. But to your point, certainly the 13% sequential revenue growth MEAP and some very, very strong margins is a testament to the [Indiscernible] leadership and our position primarily in the Kingdom as well as some of the other Middle Eastern basins. And our Asia-Pacific group has done a really great job with regards to penetrating some key China markets. We have a very nice project in Malaysia that we talked about with PETRONAS that drove some nice numbers this quarter. So, I mean, across the board I think the international business is really, really starting to stand up and its a testament to the leaders, so we have running those businesses.
Kimberly Ross: If I could just add just one thing, if we drill in a little bit looking specifically Q4 to Q1 though, I just want to highlight that there were very strong product sales in MEAP in Q4, that dont repeat into Q1.
Byron Pope: Great. Thanks, Martin and Kimberly. Appreciate it.
Martin Craighead: Youre welcome.
Operator: Our next question comes from James Wicklund from Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
James Wicklund: Good morning.
Martin Craighead: Good morning.
James Wicklund: Martin, Im very glad that you got to put up your own fabulous quarter and fabulous year while you were at the helm. You have proven your ambition and your capability and you made Baker proud. Congratulations?
Martin Craighead: Thanks, Jim.
James Wicklund: My question has to do with international. International usually has more momentum than North America, which implies 2016 could be even weaker. And in all your conversation about decrementals and activity, Im just curious to know what your longer term two to three-year outlook is for those markets? Weve been increasing spending to keep production flat and understanding that therell be weakness in some international markets, but they are segmented enough that pricing isnt it homogenous in the U.S. What is your outlook for international just over the next two to three years realizing you can predict oil prices, but just looking at potential activity and your ability to offset with more Malaysian type contracts, if possible the outlook?
Martin Craighead: Well, thats a great and difficult question. Jim, I think I would come at it this way. Let me start with this. We have to accept the fact that when your customer community is struggling to produce a healthy return on its capital particularly the IOCs on the international front, its going to pose the challenge for the service community. And our customers have not been doing very well on that front. Secondly, on the other hand, the geological success as some of our key customers have reported over the last couple of quarters, over the last couple of years internationally hasnt not been great either, so that doesnt bode well for a increasing from the supply side. So we should eventually see some kind of balancing out of oil prices which will settle the market down, but when it happens and at what price is still very much up in the air and that kind of dictates what is going to mean for us. Again I go to the earlier comments Ive made, as we sit around the world, this company has never been stronger, whether its the talent in place, whether its a portfolio, whether its the adherence to processes and controls, supply chain infrastructure, roofline whatever it is. So, whatever the market will throw to us over the next couple of years and youre right on, its a very difficult thing to predict. This company is very well positioned to perform better than I think as any time in its history.
James Wicklund: Okay. Martin, my follow-up is you guys spent a bunch of capital over the last several years to build out infrastructure in places like the Middle East, but internationally in general to be better able to compete on variable cost project. Is that were seeing in a lot of your numbers today?
Martin Craighead: I think so, absolutely. If you look at the business that were doing in Central Africa and the incrementals  we didnt break that out, but its eye-popping, as well as Angola. And Jim, youve been with us a long time. You know the trials and tribulations weve had in that market. But the job that Alex and his team in Angola are doing in terms of share and margin. Nigeria, in spite of its challenges year-on-year is fantastic. You know, youve been to our Norway facility. Its world-class. Its right in line with the contract we picked up last year in the drilling and the completions contract which will kick-in later this quarter in early Q2. Brazil, had we not made the infrastructure investments that weve made over the last five years. This would be a very different company and this would have been a very different year for us.
James Wicklund: Okay. Thank you very much and congratulations.
Martin Craighead: Thanks, Jim.
Operator: And our next question comes from James West from Evercore. Please go ahead.
James West: Hey, good morning, Martin, Kimberly.
Martin Craighead: Good morning, James.
James West: And congratulations on hitting all for 2014 targets, especially impressive on the free cash flow side.
Martin Craighead: Thank you.
James West: I wanted to ask you question about technology introductions when you highlighted earlier a new product is introduced every 55 hours in 2014. In prior downturns weve seen some of the larger diversified companies kind of slowdown new technology introductions primarily because its harder to get paid for the new technology in a downturn. Do you think that strategy is something you would imply or employ excuse me, in 2015 or will you guys keep up the same very impressive cadence?
Martin Craighead: When you have a winning strategy, you run. And weve got some exceptionally cool things in the market, but weve got some really exciting and even cooler stuff in the pipeline for 2015, 2016. Its a competitive weapon and its a competitive weapon not just because its cool. Its a competitive weapon because our customers are challenged. Now its incumbent upon us to not only develop, but be able to market it successfully. And if you look at the  we put a $1 billion target out there. We delivered a little bit higher than that. Thats again I think its back to the leadership of Belgacem and GPS team, the global product and services to make sure that the products coming to market today are positioned probably as I said the ProductionWave has to have a price point given its mission to disrupt the rod lift business for whatever it is. And you got to have a salesforce thats in tune and you got to able to make the value proposition. So I dont see its pulling back at all, I mean were not going to have necessarily cash flows of the past couple of years, and we have to be very prudent, but our R&D engineering are at the bottom of the list I can tell you when it comes to a cost adjustments, Its our core and we protect our core through the cycle.
James West: Okay. Okay, good. And then this is unrelated question from me, on international are you seeing any kind of pricing declines at this point of  I know its pretty earlier on the international side, but have any of your customers come back to renegotiate?
Martin Craighead: Yes. The customers are having those discussions. So it starts pretty much with your bigger companies with pretty sophisticated procurement groups. But its in the early stages and its kind of  its hard to  at this stage while its easy to predict North America which basins, its little hard to say which region is going to be the most under pressure. I think its a still little earlier, I think well have better clarity to that in the next quarters call, James.
James West: Okay. All right, great. Thanks, Martin.
Martin Craighead: Youre welcome.
Operator: Our next question comes from Scott Gruber from Citi. Please go ahead.
Scott Gruber: Good morning, and congrats again on a great quarter. Martin you highlight your aim to manage the business on a quarterly basis and align cost structure with the near-term outlook for activity. But this is also an industry that has a habit of overshooting particularly in the U.S. so when you think about the decline in activity, do you start to identify certain rig count in the U.S. where you just say enough is enough, were not cutting our resources further because this is clearly an overshoot?
Martin Craighead: Absolutely. But its amazing how you can sit here today and have an opinion as where we think that overshoot might be. And as you change the environment your interpretations of whats possible changes as well. So I dont for a second believe that any one of us are very good at as you highlighted for 100 years this industry have not done a great job in being able to predict things. And I do get a bit of a feeling if you will that its  I dont want to say its overdone, but Id say theres a bit of drama in the marketplace. The abruptness with the drop-off, its almost like the self confirming negative bias if you will, right. And so, I dont know where these prices are going to land. But I do get a sense that its got a little bit more drama associated with it and maybe the normal appropriate economics would justify.
Kimberly Ross: And just to add to that, you know, we obviously need to be very nimble during these times. And as weve gone through and look at where were going to be cutting costs, we have tried to be surgical in some areas to make sure, for example, Martin talked a bit about technology and making sure that were continuing to invest in those areas and really identifying areas where would we potentially need to cut more or where would we  where would be the first areas where we would add back resources if we see things turning on topline. So being nimble I think its going to be key and being surgical during this time and thats how were approaching it.
Scott Gruber: Then Martin would you care to share the rig count number with us? Where we think the market should balance out as you look out into 2016 in the U.S.?
Martin Craighead: Yes. Thats would be my take on it. Right now, Scott, Im tempted to kind of give you a guess, but were estimating that -- I have Trey here pointing out some numbers to me, but you know, Im going to hold my powder dry on this. Its still a pretty a big crapshoot, okay.
Scott Gruber: Here well circle back later in the year then.
Martin Craighead: Okay. And Im sure, we call Trey, who will probably give you the numbers, but Im not going to do it.
Scott Gruber: Thanks.
Martin Craighead: Youre welcome. Talk -- Scott.
Operator: And our next question comes from Ole Slorer from Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Ole Slorer: Yes. Thanks. And again, congrats with pretty unbelievably strong numbers.
Martin Craighead: Thanks, Ole.
Ole Slorer: So, you are reducing your headcount now with about 12%. That compares with 14% in your case in 2009 and 12% versus 14% in 2009 and 15% in 1999. So suggest that youre preparing for a similar  roughly a similar downturn is that fair to say or are there is efficiency gains within the company, which means that the capacity is down less than what the numbers suggest?
Martin Craighead: I appreciate the comparisons that youve done over the various cycles. I would tell you this still. These are very, very difficult decisions, Ole. I mean, to us people like you and me have been through this  this is really the crappy part of the job and this is what I hate about this industry frankly is the  these brutal cycles that we have to go through. As to the percentages, this gets back to the earlier discussion. Were very, very different company in terms of completion. Were more people intensive than weve ever been, a lot of that has associated with the pressure pumping business which is a very people intensive business. So I think I would be cautious about looking at the relative percentages because its  were different company in terms of mix than we were in those previous downturns.
Kimberly Ross: And if I can just add to that also, the cost reduction is not just about positions that will be reduced, but were looking across the board. So both direct and indirect costs, discretionary spending, consultants travel services, were working with our vendors with regards to pricing. So I think just looking at positions as a percentage is really just one piece of the equation. There are other costs that we will be having a go at really everything across the board well be looking at in the organization.
Ole Slorer: Okay. And then, I understand. Its a little different, but still I just wanted to have your response to that. Could you help us a little bit with how we should think about the first quarter? And you came out of this quarter with just extraordinarily high incremental margins, I mean, international EBIT  incremental EBIT margins of almost 90%. So, suggesting that there were some loss making contracts perhaps that rolled over and maybe some product sales, but something thats difficult to extrapolate. Nevertheless youre running very smoothly at the moment, but how much more is there as were going into the first, second quarter of prior loss-making contracts that or other activity that could roll off and give you some protection or is that already taken in charges after the third quarter?
Kimberly Ross: So, I wouldnt say there are that many loss-making contracts that will be rolling over. What I will say in general obviously there is a lack of clarity with regards to being able to predict whats going to happen in the marketplace. So, were looking at this day by day and everyday we get more information. Many of our customers have not even provided their CapEx numbers yet. What we have seen so far if we look at North America specifically on the rig count, it very much is trailing. The rig count declines of 2009, but obviously we can see some changes versus what happened in 2009. Ill remind you that quarter one tends to be a seasonal low point. I also mentioned in my comments that with regards to Canada we expected to be flat, which is slightly different than what weve seen in the past. So, obviously weve talked about the fact that we do expect to see some pressure on the topline. With that said, there are many things that we put in place with regards to some of the efficiencies, the utilizations, supply chain, and other things that will help offset some of that, but clearly not fully mitigate changes that well see coming through in the marketplace.
Ole Slorer: So a steeper than normal downturn in the first quarter is obvious. But can you give us some more color on how to think about consensus numbers for the first quarter? Do you feel good about those despite coming after the fourth quarter with a stronger run rate?
Kimberly Ross: No. Were not going to give you anything additional there. I really dont think that would be helpful quite frankly if I gave you something and they were wrong. That doesnt really help you. Theres a lot of uncertainty right now still on whats taking place in this dynamic market, so Im just not sure that we can give you something that would be helpful.
Ole Slorer: Thank you anyway. Bye-bye.
Operator: Our next question comes from David Anderson from Barclays. Please go ahead.
David Anderson: Hi, good morning. So in your release you talked about proactive steps to manage the challenges and you talked about kind of headcount reduction. I was wondering if you could talk a little bit about how you navigating through your customer base North America. Youve been doing a great job of building up the utilization throughout the year. Im going to assume that fourth quarter you were largely at capacity. How do you expect that to play out? I know its a tough question over the next couple of quarters, but are you trying to keep the utilization as high as possible or Im just kind of curious as youre thinking as we head into this, Martin.
Martin Craighead: Yes, David. Let me just also remind you though that  I mean, the whole business doesnt revolved around, I know, certainly its has been impactful to everybodys numbers, the pressure pumping business, but its a multifaceted discussion. To your point on utilization obviously again, thats around the  again, capital intensive business is like pressure pumping, wireline. But thats kind of where it stops. So yes, utilization is extremely important next to price in that kind of business, thats your biggest profit driver. And the discussions with customers theyre still looking for every bit of efficiency that they can achieve. And to the point  to the degree that we can bring a broader solution to the problems whether its the drilling and the completions and formation evaluation and all the way through the production cycle, were going to continue to do that for the purpose of keeping everything active. But as Ive said earlier, four to five rigs per frac fleet is generally depending on the basin, what we see. And theres no doubt as the quarters unfold here youre going to see a capacity getting stacked, because it just doesnt make any sense to keep it running. So, I dont know if that answers your question, but thats about the best I can do it.
David Anderson: Another thing you mentioned earlier was about the more capital intensive businesses are being the first to go and so Im thinking about your artificial lift business, which would not fall into that category.
Martin Craighead: Right.
David Anderson: Are you seeing that CapEx shift with your customers yet, do you expect that to play out, I mean, this should be kind of one of your more defensive businesses in North America. Can you expand a little bit on kind of how those conversations are going? Have you seen that change yet?
Martin Craighead: No. Were  if you will though, leading that conversation a bit to say, you know, lets talk about bringing in a production solution for you in addition to the drilling and completions. So were purposely broadening the discussion as an offensive part of our marketing strategy. But you clearly correct, its the most defensive  its not even little bit overshadowed by our chemical business which is almost entirely an OpEx issue for our customers and not a CapEx issue.
David Anderson: And last quick question here. Lot of were hearing from the lot of E&Ps are looking for 15%, 20% some are even asking for 30% reduction service. Are you going back to  are you already having those discussions with your suppliers? And is there enough room in there to get to where E&Ps want to be? And it seems like when we talk 30% seems awfully higher, Im not sure theres enough in the system to get them what they want. Am I thinking correct?
Martin Craighead: Youre thinking correct. I mean, you just not going to get there and take your hats off to any customer, theyre going to obviously try to get as much as they can and therell be a point where just doesnt make any sense. And like I say well make those tough decisions. But obviously we have  we value the relationships we have with our partners in our supply chain and were working with them to help us to get some relief. And there is wiggle room in all those discussions as there is with us and our customers. But were working closely, it is what interdependence is all about with our customers to make sure that were aligned and were working to lower their cost, but at the same time whats right for our business is first and foremost in my mind and we want to make sure that we do the right thing on behalf of Baker Hughes.
David Anderson: Great. Thanks Martin.
Martin Craighead: Paulette, we have time for one more question, please.
Operator: Thank you. And our last question comes from Brad Handler from Jefferies. Please go ahead.
Brad Handler: Thanks, guys. Good morning.
Martin Craighead: Good morning 
Brad Handler: I guess I have some question of a similar vein of course. But as you talk about headcount reductions, I was trying to put that into perspective as youre managing it quarter by quarter but presumably thats not something thats quarter by quarter, right.
Martin Craighead: Right.
Brad Handler: So, what perspective does that give us on your vision of the downturn or does it right, I mean, obviously it must tell us something about how youre positioning for now and in given everything else that youve got going in the organization?
Kimberly Ross: So, the way we gone through the process is weve put together some estimates of what we would expect would happen in the activity as well as in pricing our topline and then working towards reductions to meet that priced [ph] business. When we say quarter by quarter we are getting new information every day, well get more information and more clarity as we go through the quarters and to my point that we need to be nimble well continuously be looking at this to make sure that were right sizing the workforce in line with what activity and pricing we are seeing in the market. So you know this is a fluid discussion, its not something that we say okay, weve taken this action and thats it, thats not it. We will continue to make sure that we are monitoring the activity level so we can flex up and down as quickly as possible to meet the needs of the business.
Martin Craighead: And David, let me just reiterate as Kimberley highlighted this before. You know this is  these are very very difficult called -- sorry these are very difficult challenges. And its  I know thats what you know you guys focus on, its what the media focuses on but there is a lot of other costs in these companies our size that also gets extracted. So a lot of spending in areas that you know they were the first to go, and the very last to go are the people that worked for Baker Hughes. But you know like I said this is the industry and its thrown us another one of these downturns and were going to be good storage of our business and do the right thing, but these are never decisions that are done mechanically.
Brad Handler: I understand and for if it is worth some clarification, it is only that I think as we all try to get some visibility into the business, it is something that you are offering us, right.
Martin Craighead: I understand.
Brad Handler: It gives -- because Ole was giving percentages. But I certainly appreciate the other elements to it which are harder for us to grab onto. If I may with a follow up, perhaps just as many have noted and as you all have noted, strong year-end product sales were a part of your quarter and in some ways that is a very -- it strikes me as a very encouraging sign about 2015 as opposed to a number of players presenting their own uncertainty with weaker year-end sales. They seem to have gone out and done it anyway, right. But I don't want to read too much into that. So at the risk of it being an open-ended question, does it tell you something similar, does it tell you that there is really not that pulling in of expectations or how do you read the fact that there were strong year-end sales this year?
Martin Craighead: Well frankly I think our folks did a tremendous job in boosting our share position in whats you know seasonal business. So I think our results were a bit outsized and thats just you know our guys reach dug deep and really delivered. The second thing though is so while I give them credit, I also tell you that you know when you sell on the shiniest car on the lot sometimes that makes things a bit easier too, and if you look at it again the portfolio of products that we are bringing to the market and the appetite for the customers particularly in the eastern hemisphere to buy these going into the year end, I think it speaks volumes for what we are putting out there. So, as to its indication of the customers appetite I think its still too early to tell, Brad its still too early to tell. You know we just have to watch all segments of the business and like I said quarter by quarter well get a better feel for what the year looks like once all of our customers report later this quarter early into next quarter.
Brad Handler: Okay, very good.
Trey Clark: Thanks Brad. Paulette, you may now close out the call.
Operator: Thank you ladies and gentlemen. This concludes todays conference. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2014 Q3  (2014-10-16 08:30:00) =====
Executives:  Trey Clark - VP, IR Martin Craighead - Chairman & CEO Peter Ragauss - SVP & CFO
Analysts:  Jim Wicklund - Credit Suisse Angie Sedita  UBS Byron Pope - Tudor, Pickering James West - ISI Group Kurt Hallead - RBC Capital Marshall Adkins - Raymond James Ole Slorer - Morgan Stanley Rob MacKenzie - Iberia Capital
Operator:  Hello. My name is Lorraine, and I will be your conference facilitator. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Baker Hughes Third Quarter 2014 Earnings Conference Call. (Operator Instructions) After the speakers remarks, there will be a question-and-answer period. (Operator Instructions) I will now turn the conference over to Mr. Trey Clark, Vice President of Investor Relations. Sir, you may proceed.
Trey Clark:  Thank you, Lorraine. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to the Baker Hughes third-quarter 2014 earnings conference call. Here with me today is our Chairman and CEO, Martin Craighead; and Peter Ragauss, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Todays presentation and the earnings release that was issued earlier today can be found on our website at bakerhughes.com. As a reminder, during the course of this conference call, we will provide predictions, forecasts, and other forward-looking statements. Although they reflect our current expectations, these statements are not guarantees of future performance, but involve a number of risks and assumptions. We advise you to review our SEC filings for a discussion of some of the factors that could cause actual results to differ materially. Also, a reconciliation of operating profit and other non-GAAP measures to GAAP results can be found on our earnings release and on our website at bakerhughes.com under the Investor Relations section. And with that, Ill turn the call over to Martin Craighead. Martin?
Martin Craighead:  Thanks, Trey, and good morning. This quarter we delivered a number of positive milestones, including record revenue, record EBITDA, and record free cash flow. Yet as the quarter unfolded, market dynamics began to shift causing margins in several of our operating segments to diverge from our expectations. This included region-specific trends that required immediate action and some evolving macro themes emerging for the coming year. Among the challenges this quarter were several geopolitical events across international operations. Disruptions in Libya and Iraq and a shortfall in the Russian ruble pressured our revenue and margins in the Eastern Hemisphere. And in the Gulf of Mexico, profitability dropped sharply due to a significant number of deepwater rigs that were shut down waiting on unusually strong ocean currents to subside. Among the positive trends emerging, our Latin America segment is delivering profitable growth. Recent wins in markets where technology is valued, such as offshore Mexico and Brazil, are resulting in revenue growth and margin expansion. And within our United States onshore business, the recent increase in activity and service intensity per well has caused strong demand for pressure pumping services and rapid tightening across the market. The trend of more horizontal drilling, longer laterals, more stages per well, and more profit per stage has soaked up the remaining spare capacity in the market. These market forces, along with actions we have taken to transform our pressure pumping business, have set the stage for robust growth in our North America segment accompanied by solid increase in margins for the fourth quarter. In the end, although the sequential results remain positive, including a 5% increase in revenue and more than a 10% growth in adjusted net income, the quarter fell short of our expectations. I want to highlight a few of the actions we have recently taken to mitigate some of the industry challenges going forward and to increase earnings in the short term. In North Africa, in response to the industry-wide disruptions experienced in onshore Libya, we have consolidated several operations and restructured our geomarket to streamline our business and improve efficiencies. These savings will be realized in our Europe/Africa/Russia Caspian segment beginning in the fourth quarter. In Iraq, where the industry has also seen disruptions, we completed the demobilization of a large turnkey contract during the third quarter. This action will contribute to increased profitability in our Middle East/Asia Pacific segment in the fourth quarter. In Venezuela, weve employed an alternative business model to support and partner with local providers. Through this unique approach, we continue to enable energy production in this critically important country while simultaneously improving profitability. These are examples of actions we have taken which will deliver increased margins in each of our international segments, including the resumption of growth in the Eastern Hemisphere next quarter. That brings me to North America where our number one priority has been and continues to be increasing margins. The lack of margin expansion in the third quarter is mainly attributed to a sharp decline in our Gulf of Mexico geomarket. This operation, which is one of our most profitable businesses in the world, experienced a significant drop in deepwater activity as a result of abnormally strong ocean currents, which caused several key customers to suspend operations. In total, 13 different deepwater rigs were delayed at some point in time during the quarter causing a significant decline in well construction activity. The loss of this high-quality revenue impacted our North American margins by approximately 150 basis points. At the same time, in our onshore operations, we were very pleased with the tremendous growth in our pressure pumping business. This one product line grew almost 25% in one quarter and accounted for 75% of the sequential revenue increase in North America. The earnings contribution from this growth more than offset the lost operating profit in the Gulf of Mexico. Although pressure pumping margins did increase sequentially, due to rising input costs that we were not able to recoup until later in the quarter, incremental margins were not as strong as we expected. With better commercial terms now in place, our pressure pumping business today is substantially stronger than it was only three months ago. Efficiency is better, utilization is high, and new pricing has now taken hold. Outside of pressure pumping, our other product lines are performing very well. Newly introduced well construction and production technologies are seeing strong demand and our new product introduction metric is on pace to be the highest its ever been. Our outlook for the short term remains positive and Im confident we will deliver strong earnings growth and free cash flow in the fourth quarter. As we look beyond the short term, we see a number of evolving macro themes which are shaping our outlook and strategic plans for the coming year. Later in the call, Ill provide more detail on the themes we are seeing emerge and why Im confident that our strategy, technology portfolio and investment position will allow us to navigate these market conditions. But first, let me turn it over to Peter for additional details on the quarter and our guidance on the near term. Peter?
Peter Ragauss:  Thanks Martin, and good morning. Today we reported adjusted net income for the third quarter of $447 million or $1.02 per share. Adjusted net income excludes $14 million in before and after-tax charges or $0.03 per share relating to the impairment of a technology-related investment. Adjusted net income also excludes $58 million in before and after-tax charges or $0.13 per share associated with business restructuring of our North African geomarket, resulting primarily from the recent disruption of onshore operations in Libya. This charge includes reserves for doubtful accounts, inventories, and certain other assets, along with severance costs. Concurrent with the restructuring of this business, certain North African entities previously reported in our Middle East/Asia Pacific segment are now reported within our Europe/Africa/Russia Caspian business. Likewise, the historical financial results of these two segments have been revised to reflect this change. Compared to the previous quarter, adjusted earnings per share increased $0.10 or 11%. On a GAAP basis, net income attributable to Baker Hughes for the third quarter was $375 million or $0.86 per share. Revenue for the third quarter was $6.25 billion, a record for Baker Hughes, and an increase of $315 million or 5% compared to the second quarter. Adjusted EBITDA for the third quarter was also a record for Baker Hughes at $1.19 billion, up $29 million or 3% sequentially. To help in your understanding of the quarters results, Ill bridge last quarters earnings per share to this quarter. In the second quarter of 2014, we posted GAAP net income of $0.80 per share. First, add back $0.12 for litigation settlements and the Venezuela currency devaluation, which were highlighted in the first quarter. That brings us to a second quarter adjusted EPS of $0.92. Moving to the third quarter, add $0.06 for North America operations due to increased U.S. onshore activity and the seasonal increase in our Canadian business, both of which were significantly offset by reduced deepwater activity in the Gulf of Mexico. Subtract $0.04 for international operations due to reduced profitability primarily in our Eastern Hemisphere segments, which was partially offset by increased profitability in Latin America. Next, add $0.05 for a reduction in corporate costs and non-controlling interest and add $0.03 for a lower tax rate. That brings us to adjusted earnings per share of $1.02 this quarter. To get to GAAP earnings per share of $0.86, subtract $0.16 for the technology investment impairment and for the business restructuring in North Africa. From this point on in the conference call, any comments on revenue, operating profit, and operating profit margin refer explicitly to Table 5 in our earnings release, which excludes these adjusting items. Taking a closer look at our results from operations, we posted record revenue in North America of $3.16 billion, up $312 million or 11% sequentially. North America operating profit was $380 million, up $40 million sequentially. As a result, our North America operating profit margin was 12%. The lower incremental margins are attributed primarily to poor mix. Essentially, lower margin revenue growth from pressure pumping was partially offset by reduced high-quality revenue in the Gulf of Mexico. Moving to international results, we posted revenue of $2.76 billion, which is flat versus the prior quarter. Operating profit was $375 million, a decrease of $29 million versus the prior quarter. Revenue in our Europe/Africa/Russia Caspian segment was essentially flat compared to the second quarter. Margins declined 310 basis points due largely to unfavorable exchange rates, which impacted profitability by approximately 200 basis points. This includes a 15% drop in the value of the Russian ruble. Margins were further impacted by unfavorable mix in Africa late in the quarter, which more than offset increased business in Europe. Our Middle East/Asia Pacific segment saw a slight drop in revenue during the quarter. This is partially attributed to reduced revenue in Iraq where we demobilized on a major contract during the quarter. Additionally, planned product sales in Asia were lower than expected. In Latin America, revenue increased 5% and operating profit margins improved by 180 basis points. We achieved growth in Mexico and Argentina and within our pressure pumping and completion systems product lines. This growth was partially offset by significantly reduced revenue in Venezuela, reflecting the adoption of SICAD II late last quarter. For our industrial services segment, we posted revenue of $333 million, which is flat sequentially. Operating profit margins were 10.5%, up 30 basis points over the prior quarter. Looking at the cash flow statement and balance sheet, during the quarter, we generated $725 million in free cash flow, a record for Baker Hughes. We ended the quarter with a cash balance of $1.2 billion, which is unchanged from the prior quarter. Total debt for the quarter declined by $144 million or 3% sequentially to $4.4 billion and we ended the quarter with a debt to capital ratio of 19%. Capital expenditures for the quarter were $425 million. During the quarter, we repurchased approximately 2.9 million shares on the open market, totaling $200 million. This leaves just over $1 billion remaining under our previously announced authorization to repurchase shares. Also, during the quarter, as previously announced, we acquired a pipeline of Specialty Services Business for $246 million in cash. Now, let me provide you with our guidance for the fourth quarter, beginning with our North American business, we project the U.S. onshore well count will continue to modestly increase into the fourth quarter as we expect the holiday period slowdown to be less pronounced than prior years. In Canada, the average rig count is projected to increase about 10% sequentially, and in the Gulf of Mexico, we expect activity to return to normal levels and to include a backlog of well construction projects. In summary, for the fourth quarter, we expect North American market conditions to be favorable, resulting in a healthy increase in revenue and margins sequentially. Turning to Latin America, revenue and margins are both expected to rise based on year-end product sales, increased activity in offshore Mexico and a new favorable contract for drilling services in Brazil, which is expected to start in December. Our Middle East/Asia Pacific segment should also benefit from year-end product sales. Additionally, with the demobilization in Iraq behind us, profitability in this country is expected to contribute to increased margins across this segment. In Europe/Africa/Russia Caspian, we expect higher activity in year-end product sales in Africa. This growth is expected to be partially offset by reduced activity and profitability in Russia. As a result, revenue and margins are expected to be up slightly for the fourth quarter. In summary, across each of our oilfield segments, we expect to see an increase in revenue and margins to end the year. For our industrial services segment, revenue should increase about 5% sequentially. This includes our recently acquired Pipeline and Specialty Services Business, which is partially offset by seasonality in our existing process and pipeline and services business. Margins should be in line with the third quarter. With respect to non-operational items, corporate costs are expected to be between $65 million and $70 million. Interest expense is expected to be approximately $60 million. The fourth quarter effective tax rate should be similar to the third quarter adjusted tax rate or about 35%, and finally, capital expenditures should be around $500 million. At this point, I will now turn the call back over to Martin. Martin?
Martin Craighead:  Thanks, Peter. As I mentioned in my opening remarks, our industry is seeing a number of evolving dynamics, the most obvious being the recent slide in oil prices. If oil remains at these levels for a sustained period of time, it will clearly have an impact on our customers in the form of reduced cash flow, and accordingly, less funds available for capital expenditures. In the near term, we could see customers curtail activity, especially those who are more sensitive to commodity prices, while pursuing marginal onshore and shallow water plays. But for national oil companies and deepwater customers, two areas where Baker Hughes is in a very strong position, we do not expect to see a meaningful change in activity any time soon. And if lower commodity prices continue to drag on, we may also see divergence between international and North American markets. Historically, when commodity prices soften, North America activity levels are the first to adjust, but today, the combination of a stable business environment and more predictable production from the unconventional, has made North American activity more resilient. With current breakeven prices for most basins in the $60 to $70 per barrel range, we do not expect to see a meaningful pullback in North American activity in the near term. Although our customers are still in the process of refining their 2015 budgets, at this time from what we are hearing from them, we continue to project increased well counts and increased spending per well. In addition to fluctuating commodity prices, our industry is encountering a steady stream of complex geopolitical issues. As an example, Baker Hughes has made a number of long-term strategic investments in Russia, including manufacturing facilities, a world-class technology centre and a strong local workforce. Russia has been a source of profitable growth for Baker Hughes and today contributes about 2.5% percent of our revenue. The U.S. and EU sanctions and subsequent drop in the ruble will obviously reduce growth opportunities going forward. So within the context of these market dynamics, I want to provide more detail on my continuing conference in the near-term outlook for Baker Hughes. Starting with North America, we are on a path to deliver meaningful revenue and margin growth. Our strategy to transform our pressure pumping business is hitting all its metrics. Here are the three main reasons why we project profitability to increase significantly for this product line in the fourth quarter and into next year. First, better utilization. We entered the third quarter with a handful of fleets that were idled, and today, we are essentially fully utilized with no idle equipment remaining. This will result in higher utilization and better absorption in the fourth quarter. Second, increased stage counts. The trend of more horizontal wells, longer laterals and higher stage density continues. Additionally, the transition of our fleets to 24-hour operations is ahead of schedule, and today, 70% of our fleets are operating around the clock and we expect this figure to increase by the end of the quarter. Based on higher utilization rates and more 24-hour operations, we are on a pace to complete the highest stage counts since early last year. And third, and most importantly, higher revenue per stage. Tightening market conditions have allowed us to be more selective with the customers we work for. Just as we secured more 24-hour operations, weve also secured contracts with better pricing. More than half of our business today is performed under new commercial terms, which were secured just in the last couple of months, and were now seeing the full benefit of this turnaround today. In addition to the accelerated transformation of our customer base, were also benefiting from incremental cost reductions resulting from actions we have recently made to reduce maintenance costs and optimize our supply chain. These actions are helping us handle the rising logistical challenges associated with the increased activity levels and volumes of raw materials per well. Across our other product lines, newly introduced technologies designed to improve well efficiency and optimize production are well embedded in the market. To give you just a couple of examples, our customers have used AutoTrak Curve to drill more than 15 million feet in North America so far. Thats a remarkable milestone for a product only three years into its life cycle and underscores the value of a technology that is redefining the technical limits of drilling in the unconventionals. On one project for a major operator in the Marcellus this quarter, we drilled more than 7,300 feet of lateral section in a 24-hour period. Thats a record for us in North America and something that used to take four or five days before the AutoTrak Curve was launched. And the other obvious example is our FLEXPump artificial lift technology. We introduced FLEXPump on an earnings call last summer. This technology is helping our customers to reduce lifting costs and boost IPs. In a little more than a year, we already have about 4,000 FLEXPump systems in the ground. For our customers, products like these are no longer novelties, but are now necessities, and when our customers are searching for ways to cut cost and boost production, only technology can provide a real step change in performance and our differentiating value for Baker Hughes. Internationally, we are pleased with our current position. We expect to benefit from a pair of key market segments which tend to be less impacted by short-term oil price fluctuations. First is the deepwater market. Based on lengthy planning cycles and long production horizons, these projects are not likely to see a material impact in the near term based on todays oil prices. During the last year, Baker Hughes has targeted and secured a series of long-term contracts for well construction services in many of the worlds most active and technically-challenging deepwater markets. In West Africa, we have secured several multi-year contracts to provide drilling services, cementing, fishing, wireline and production chemicals for a number of deepwater clients. These contracts begin to take hold in the fourth quarter. In Norway, a previously announced contract to provide completion systems to Statoil begins in the first quarter of 2015. In Deepwater Australia, contracts for wireline services and drilling services have been awarded and are now being executed. And in Brazil, new contracts with more favorable terms for stimulation, drilling and wireline services will contribute to profitable growth in both the near and longer term. The addition of these deepwater contracts is well timed and will provide an outstanding source of activity going forward. Next, many of our customers are national oil companies. With aggressive production targets for both oil and natural gas, these companies have been the engine of growth in the Eastern Hemisphere this year and likely for years to come. Over the last five years, Baker Hughes has made a number of strategic investments to increase our local content and strengthen our alignment to the NOCs. This includes the geographic alignment of our management, the construction of multiple world-class facilities, the creation of a global network of R&D centers, and the hiring and development of local workforces. The exceptional growth of our Middle East /Asia Pacific segment over the last two years is a reflection of this strategy in motion and is expected to provide continued growth opportunities going forward. To summarize, Im confident that Baker Hughes is on pace to deliver solid results in the fourth quarter, and although we expect to see some market readjustment in 2015, we are well positioned for the months ahead. National oil companies are expected to remain an engine of growth. Deepwater projects are currently moving forward. And in North America, customer spending should remain stable at todays commodity prices. But the most important long-term trend for Baker Hughes, the element of our strategy that transcends market conditions, is anticipating our customers ever-increasing reliance on innovative technologies that enable the safe, affordable production of energy. Against this backdrop, Im confident the execution of our strategy will continue to deliver differential earnings, increasing returns, and strong free cash flow. Now, before we turn it over for Q&A, I would like to take a moment to thank Peter as he concludes his last earnings call before retiring from Baker Hughes. When Peter arrived as CFO nine years ago, our revenue was a third of the size it is today. We were a collection of seven divisions and each with a different financial and management reporting system. Under Peters leadership, our financial organization has been transformed as our systems and processes have been standardized and streamlined and made far more efficient across the entire enterprise. So, on behalf of the entire leadership team and our Board, we thank you Peter for your service and we wish you the very best of luck going forward.
Peter Ragauss: Thanks, Martin. Thats very kind.
Martin Craighead: Okay. So with that Trey, lets open it up for some Q&A.
Trey Clark: Thank you, Martin. At this point, Ill ask the operator to open the lines for your questions. To give everyone a fair chance to ask questions, we ask that you limit yourself to a single question and one related follow-up question. Can we have the first question please?
Operator:  (Operator Instructions) And our first question comes from Jim Wicklund from Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
Jim Wicklund - Credit Suisse: Martin, do you still think that you can reach 15% margins for North America by the end of the year?
Martin Craighead: Absolutely, Jim, Im confident that we will. Its not going to be a walk in the park. The Gulf of Mexico issue with the currents were certainly not expected in the third quarter. Weve never seen them as strong and the duration of them has, as far as I can tell is unprecedented, and going into Q4 we need some help there, if you will, from Mother Nature that the Gulf comes back. I think the thing to keep in mind, Jim, is that those, particularly the Mississippi Canyon completions, that were delayed and some of the drilling activity has not been canceled, its simply backlogged into the fourth quarter. So if were going to have an extremely robust, almost maniac level of activity, and then you have the backdrop of the pressure pumping market, wells arent getting shorter and stage density is not getting less, and our customers arent not going to pump less sand per stage. We were up 22% or so sequentially in pumps per stage. Thats going to continue, maybe slow down a bit. So that plus the continued absorption of new technology, I dont want to say that its going to be easy, its not, nothing yes, but Im very confident that well deliver on that number.
Jim Wicklund - Credit Suisse: Maniac levels of activity is always nice to hear, as long as Im not the one who has to manage them. So thats good.
Martin Craighead: It goes for me too.
Jim Wicklund - Credit Suisse: And Latin America, both Brazil and Mexico, we all know theyre going to recover. Youve got the  you won the drilling contract in Brazil and Mexico is getting better. Can you just discuss a little bit the potential magnitude, because I think were probably going to need help from Latin America in 2015? Can you talk about kind of the magnitude of what you expect to see there over the next year?
Martin Craighead: Thats a good point when you say a good help  some help because I agree with you. The first thing Id say is were not projecting a lot of activity in the market growth in 15 for Mexico, and our successes so far, and I credit our team, have been some pretty substantial share gains offshore on the drilling and completion side. I think that will continue, and then our projects up in the North have been quite well received both by PEMEX and in terms of the bottom line. So Mexico is looking good, but I wouldnt say market-wise, we are going to see a lot of help. And in Brazil, youre right in referencing the share gain on the drilling contract, but internally the drilling contract, its been recast, if you will. We maintain a large stimulation vessel position. Thats been recast. Certainly, the wireline tender has been tendered and announced, but again the commercial terms are more supportive. But in neither of those, do we expect them to touch Q4. It will be more of a Q1 activity boost for us, and then again the commercial terms are more attractive. But Id say Brazil, through the end of 15 and certainly into 16, the discussions were having with our clients there is that they are going to reinvigorate on the exploration side far more than they have been over the last couple of years [technical difficulty].
Jim Wicklund - Credit Suisse: Okay. Martin, thank you very much. Peter, all the best. I still think we need to build that hotel though out by Bakers R&D facilities.
Peter Ragauss: Im in.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Angie Sedita from UBS. Please go ahead.
Angie Sedita - UBS: Martin, going to your comments in the prepared remarks, you said that you currently have no idle equipment in pressure pumping in North America, and then your comments on the commercial terms. First, on the idle equipment, does that imply that you've unstacked all of your cold stacked equipment, or just what's in the field is all up and operating? And then, on the commercial terms, have you had any success in net price gains or more cost recovery driven?
Martin Craighead: Thats a good question, Angie. I would say that we have no -- we activated a fleet in the third quarter and we have no hot-stacked equipment left, and pretty much this quarter well empty any of the cold stack, okay? So there is nothing that can be put back into operations that wont be a newbuild certainly by the end of this fourth quarter, and could you repeat your pricing question, you cut out on --?
Angie Sedita - UBS: Yes, on the commercial terms, was it cost recovery -- you are increasing pricing on the pressure pumping side, so was that cost recovery only, or were you able to see any net increases in prices?
Martin Craighead: We saw a net increase in pricing in the last few weeks of the last month. We saw quite a bit of cost inflation first led by freight, followed by sand, and the difference between three and four in that business and it gets a little bit back to Jims question, about 70% of our business is contracted, about 70% of those contracts now have indexed pricing adjustments. So I expect that in Q4 were actually going to see a little bit of flattening on the inflation that occurred in Q3 and the pricing lift above those costs will be far more material for that business line in four versus three, Angie.
Angie Sedita - UBS: Okay. That's extremely helpful. And then, just as an unrelated follow-up, do you have any early thoughts, given the changing dynamics, both in North America and even to some degree globally, Asia, Russia, on revenue growth rates for 2015, when you think about North America versus LatAm versus Eastern Hemisphere, even directionally from your original expectations?
Martin Craighead: Thats a great and very broad question. Let me try to answer it this way. As you well know and most of the people on this  that are listening, our customers, right now, are in the throes of trying to determine what their budgets are going to be for 15, but I can tell you the channel checks I do with my peer customers are that they are concerned with whats going on in the oil markets, but they are not, at this stage, I think frankly because were all a bit surprised with the markets, are they willing to give it a whole lot of credibility either that these numbers are what were going to see in terms of commodity prices. So they are still confident that, I think at this stage, these oil prices are not where theyre going to settle and also -- lets also realize that, as youve written about and your peers, the breakeven prices in most of these basins with most of the customers are still well below what the commodity prices are. So I dont expect that were going to see any appreciable activity decline, but if oil should stay at this level for a couple of quarters and give it, so to speak, more credibility that this is what the environment is going to be, then certainly a few of the customers out there that are either more dependent on borrowing or maybe have a less attractive subsurface position, could sideline, but I dont see that being material for us or, like I said, Im not projecting that any time soon. Internationally I cant predict nor can I control some of the issues that are going on geopolitically. Certainly, as you know Angie, weve talked about Russia has been a great growth engine for us. Thats not going to be there for a while. We are hopeful. Were monitoring it and we are watching it very closely. And for the Middle East, some slippage in Iraq is going to be more than offset by strength in the rest of the Gulf led by Saudi. So Im bullish on [indiscernible] and EMEA led by the Middle East, and as we talked about on the previous question, Latin America could be a bright spot from an international perspective.
Angie Sedita - UBS: Perfect. Thank you for all the color, and Peter, I also wish you the best on your retirement. Thanks again, Martin.
Peter Ragauss: Thanks a lot, Angie.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Byron Pope - Tudor, Pickering. Please go ahead.
Byron Pope - Tudor, Pickering: Martin, when I think about the benefits of you guys having reorganized your North America region by geomarkets almost a year ago, I guess it would seem as though you guys are pushing toward being better aligned with the types of E&P operators that see the value of your service  value combination. So I guess my question is, how far along are you in terms of having migrated your North America customer base to those sorts of the E&P operators?
Martin Craighead: Id say were probably  its been a year now, probably 75% would be a rough estimate depending on how you characterize that. I guess thats certainly has always been that way in the Gulf of Mexico, but on North America land, Id say probably about 75%, Byron.
Byron Pope - Tudor, Pickering: And then, just a follow-on question. Based on what youve seen in past cycles, obviously no one really has a good view at this point on how North America activity progresses over the next 12 months. But when I think about Baker technologies like FLEXPump, ProductionWave, SHADOW series frac plugs, it seemed as though the customer adoption rates should prove fairly healthy, barring some game over scenario, on the commodity price front. But Im just curious as to what you tend to think historically as it relates to new technology adoption by customers? When activity perhaps slows, growth rates potentially slow a little bit overall.
Martin Craighead: Thats a very good question. Here is the  as I said in my prepared remarks, were all going to be in a much better position as far as North America is concerned no matter what the global scenario is, because the unconventionals provide a far better level of predictability for our customer both in terms of costs per well, which are going down because were more into this industrialization, if you will, and the geological risk of these wells is less than what its been for previous -- through previous cycles. So, North America Land plan will certainly be a lot more resilient. Now, maybe a little bit to your first part of your question, as these customers perhaps lets say get a little bit more scrutinizing on ultimate recovery figures and initial flow rates, then there is an emerging group of technologies within our organization that are aimed right at the unconventional, right? So, you dont want to be drilling with a conventional motor bottom hole assembly when your peer is drilling on the adjoining lease with AutoTrak Curve because youre going to get your tail kicked. And I dont think theyre going to want to be in a position, thats why I say things like AutoTrak Curve and FLEXPump and ProductionWave are not novelties, they are changing the conversation with the customer and we dont ever want to see a tightening price or cost environment, but on the other hand, they will be more front and centre with our customers as their budgets perhaps become a little bit more strained. So, I feel great about our portfolio as it relates to the customer situation. The second thing is, Byron and you know this, it may go more to an OpEx world than a CapEx world for our customers. Again, there is ProductionWave, there is Upstream Chemicals right at the heart of maximizing production and cash flow for our customers. So, Im realistic about whats going on, but Im also extremely excited about the way we sit in terms of being able to solve some of these problems.
Byron Pope - Tudor, Pickering: Thats helpful, Martin. I appreciate it, and Peter wish you the best.
Peter Ragauss: Thanks, Byron.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from James West from ISI Group. Please go ahead.
James West - ISI Group: So, Martin, would you say that as we look into 2015 that your growth outlook versus say your peer group is differentiated given your market share gains and contract wins in North Sea, Brazil, parts of West Africa, is that a fair statement?
Martin Craighead: Thats a very fair statement. Sometimes what do they say, better to be lucky than smart? Six months ago we didnt see this, what were experiencing today, and six months from now it can be a whole lot different, but six months ago, a year ago, we pick up one of the worlds largest drilling contracts, I think the worlds largest ever completions contract, obviously a realignment in Brazil, all the biggest deepwater markets with some of the worlds best, most stable, consistent operators. Im not predicting what the world looks like six months, a year, three years from now, but these are five seven, eight year long contracts with price escalations and so forth. So no matter what, these are the rigs you want to be on and these are the customers youre going to want to be working for. So, I think our teams have done an excellent job in building a portfolio of some nice international work.
James West - ISI Group: And in Latin America, nice pickup in margins there. You made comments about margins at your Analyst Day back over this year, is -- can we move Marias goals forward at this point? And if so, where is Maria going next, could she [indiscernible] in Latin America?
Martin Craighead: She -- the business is exactly kind of going the direction that weve mapped out. Our strategy has been risk mitigation followed by growth. As you can see by the realignment of the business in Venezuela and the repositioning in Brazil and some of the contract wins in Mexico, the strategy is following exactly -- the outcome is exactly as we planned. So Id say that risk mitigation is never anywhere off the table, but now its all hands on deck for topline growth and what I expect to see some nice incremental margins as these contracts emerge in Brazil and in Mexico, and then just a more appropriate business model for us in Venezuela should also be accretive going forward.
James West - ISI Group: Okay. Great. And Martin, thank you, and Peter, best of luck in your next transition, and if it truly is a retirement, lets go out and play some golf some time soon.
Peter Ragauss:  Thanks.
Martin Craighead: Thanks, James.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Kurt Hallead from RBC Capital. Please go ahead.
Kurt Hallead - RBC Capital: Interesting times indeed. Id like to get your perspective -- you mentioned the work that you have done to increase your utilization on frac in U.S., youve got some new commercial terms and contracts from what it seems. I dont want to harp on too much of the risk dynamics, but with oil doing what it is, Id be remiss if I dont. So in terms of the contracts themselves, whats -- is there any breakage fees or is it a situation where the terms are maybe more aligned with the Land contract drilling dynamic where theyre going to have to use the rig or theyre going to have to pay you some money if they dont use your frac operations. Can you just give us some color on maybe how these things are being structured and whether or not there is more, say, durability to the contract than maybe prior periods?
Martin Craighead: There are, Kurt, granted, given our past and all, maybe I could safely say that the number of take-or-pay contracts in our portfolio is probably higher than ever for that particular product line in US Land. Our customers, even as of yesterday, the key buyers are still biased towards securing capacity to deliver on their plans before year-end and into Q1. So, as I said earlier, there is no indication that these folks are going to abate or slowdown, just none whatsoever. And then, on the cost side, if this does answer your question a little bit, 90% of our input costs around sand and freight are now under some kind of contractual arrangement. So our exposure to the spot cost side is not that -- I mean its a world of differences to what it was, say, this time last year. So I feel secure with what our cost structure is going to be and weve improved the ability to more immediately pass things through. In terms of visibility, the systems are catching it. We have auditing, if you will, mechanisms in place to make sure that these things get passed on in a timely fashion. So Im very confident that in spite of the uncertainty thats out there, the Baker Hughes pressure pumping business will navigate whatever, if you will, storms that should come to pass, if any, do.
Kurt Hallead - RBC Capital: With the strategy that you've put in place to align yourself with the customers that have more sustained programs, again, have you guys gone back to your customer base and said: Look, what is -- the economic breakpoint may be X, but what is their CapEx breakpoint? Where do they say: You know what, we are going to slow things down. Is it: They have to see $75 oil on the strip by December? Is it -- any framework that you can help us get our hands around, so we can get the same kind of conviction that you may on how you're going to work through this challenging environment?
Martin Craighead : It depends on the customer, but if we leave off -- if we just look at the core most successful customers, I would say that its -- I think $75 is the starting point to where activity could start to slow. I dont believe anything above that and the second very big variable to that is the duration of it so we would see $75 next week, I dont think youre going to see one iota of activity slippage, none. But if were sitting at $75 come the holiday season or early into Q1, then certainly I think the conversations with the customers will be different. So its mid-70s and its  weve got to see a few months of that to give it, as I said earlier, credibility that this isnt just bouncing all over the place, because our customers are still in a pretty good economic  the right customers are in a pretty good economic position, the returns are still quite attractive and you know that. So I dont  and there is a bit of a competitive uneasiness that they are going to be able to get all their work done that they promised you guys they would do, and I dont think they want to -- they dont want to miss that. So, right now its full steam ahead and Im not and like you said most of the peers I talk to are not, my customer peers, arent nervous, they are concerned, they are not nervous, they are watching it closely, but if it should stay down below $80 for a while, then probably conversations will change.
Kurt Hallead - RBC Capital: Got it. Thanks for that. And Peter congrats and good to see a fellow Spartan do well.
Peter Ragauss:  Go green. 
Kurt Hallead - RBC Capital:  Indeed.
Martin Craighead:  Thanks, Kurt.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Marshall Adkins from Raymond James. Please go ahead.
Marshall Adkins - Raymond James: Lets shift to Russia. How much have things been shut down there so far and whats your sense of where we go from here lets say over the next 12 months due to sanctions et cetera?
Martin Craighead: First of all, I can tell you whats happened. Our number one priority has been to make sure that we navigate this with full compliance and focus on both the EU and the U.S. sanctions. Im confident in our systems, our software tracking systems that can really check everything to make sure that nothing is out of alignment to where its supposed to be. I think the other thing thats a bit missed or misunderstood I should say, Marshall, is that the number of rigs that are actually associated with projects that are being identified in the sanctions is pretty small, very few, very few, and the financial impact in terms of product sales or the services is absolutely inconsequential, and I think thats going to even be going forward for the next couple of quarters assuming that the sanctions stay where they are because these projects are not that material. The problem has greatly been the impact on the currency and I cant predict where thats going to go, and secondly, concerns about access to capital and just an overall, if you will, cloud thats hanging over our customer community is slowing things down, adding friction to just the entire commercial relationship. So what I think youre going to see is just a shrinkage of whats being spent there, not necessarily because of the sanctions -- not because it falls within the bounds of the sanction, but because there is just a storm cloud and people are not feeling optimistic about the outlook for their business in country. Does that make sense?
Marshall Adkins - Raymond James: Thats actually  thats very helpful. So it sounds like no massive impact yet, but maybe a slight downward trajectory due to the friction and obviously the currency, which was my follow-up, rubles has been hit but thats not the only currency thats been --.
Martin Craighead: Thats right. Exactly right.
Marshall Adkins - Raymond James: So, on the currency impact that you had this last quarter, how much was ruble versus all the other currencies out there?
Peter Ragauss:  It was predominantly the ruble, Marshall, its a little bit in the sands, the currencies are linked to the ruble, but it was predominantly the ruble. Not much else.
Marshall Adkins - Raymond James:  All right. Guys, thank you all very much. And Peter thanks for all the help over the years.
Peter Ragauss:  My pleasure. Thanks.
Martin Craighead:  Thanks, Marshall.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Ole Slorer from Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Ole Slorer - Morgan Stanley: Thank you. Martin, I wonder whether you could just help with a little bit of a roadmap from the margin you delivered in North America in the third quarter to the fourth quarter, given the dual impact of the recovery in deepwater and the new pressure pumping prices and increased efficiency driving higher margins on land. So, how should we think about the combined impact of the two? Which is the most important?
Martin Craighead: Yes, they are absolutely the most important and then there is some peripheral supporting elements to write in terms of the technology, but as we highlighted, you can get to 13.5 just because of the missed activity by our customers than us in Q3. As I highlighted I think in the first question, Ole, I dont expect now -- the rig issue has not completely abated. As we sit here today the currents are still an issue on the risers and on the associated rigs, so I think maybe one rig is going back out of the eight or so that were affected, but its not going to be a normal Q4 if and when these  not if, but when these rigs go back. So were expecting an extremely strong Q4 that we didnt expect when we were putting out our 15% guidance for North America. So Gulf of Mexico, while getting a slow start this quarter, could absolutely deliver more than what it normally would. And on the pressure pumping and let me say this is while our model suggests that even if we dont get a lot of the Gulf to come back, what were experiencing in this stimulation business right now could -- will definitely get us within spitting distance of it, and thats a hard number to predict of course in terms of the costs and the timing of things on the pressure pumping, but its very, very robust. So Canada continuing, weve got a little bit of a holiday impact, but I can tell you that some of the customer conversations are that they want to get these wells put online before the end of the year so there will be a holiday impact but may not be as protracted as its been in the past. There was another element  there were some other challenges in West Texas you probably heard about we didnt highlight it on the prepared remarks in Q3 was quite impactful on a couple of fleets in the Permian. Thats past us now. So, I cant give you an exact dollar for dollar, I just wont do that, Ole, but there is not a lot that I could see that would hold its back other than a protracted holiday period these rigs for some unbelievable reasons just dont get back to work in the GOM.
Ole Slorer - Morgan Stanley: I was just -- thanks for that -- I was simply trying to back into how far along you are on the restructuring of the [indiscernible] pressure pumping division, both in terms of what you've done on the equipment side and the customer side and personnel side. How far along are you?
Martin Craighead: We are probably north of 80%, 85%. I mean I would tell you were 90-some-percent except that this is not an area you should ever be satisfied with. Its infinitely perfectible. The infrastructure associated with the logistics in moving the sand is just you wouldnt recognize the organization relative whether its in the areas of purchasing or contract management or logistics, its completely overhauled. And theres been quite a bit of talk about the impacts of North American logistics on the pressure pumping business. Im not telling you we werent up against the wall, it was tough, but we lost no work, disappointed no customers. The teams had all the product in the right locations with the right customers and those fleets got the jobs done. We added another fleet and were optimistic of what the opportunities are to do some more of that in Q4 and well update you on the Q4 call. I dont want to tell you what our plans are. Id tell you what weve done in terms of adding capacity. The customer mix is overhauled probably entirely. There I can tell you its 100%. Now its just managing the pricing and the past dues accordingly. So infrastructure wise, supply chain wise, customer wise, its all falling into place and again I could tell you that its all done but its not because it can always be better.
Ole Slorer - Morgan Stanley : So, based on what you say, would it be fair to say that at some point in the fourth quarter, your pressure pumping group, as a whole, will start to close in on that mid-teens margin?
Peter Ragauss: The pressure pumping business in Q4 will still, its my expectation, still be dilutive to the overall margin number. Now, Im only talking land, Im not talking about the --.
Ole Slorer - Morgan Stanley:  Exactly. Yes, land, land, land.
Peter Ragauss: Land only. Now in Q4, its still going to be dilutive to the 15%. Thats what I would project at this stage.
Trey Clark: Lorraine, lets go ahead and take one more question please.
Operator: Thank you. And our last question will come from Rob MacKenzie from Iberia Capital. Please go ahead.
Rob MacKenzie - Iberia Capital: Thanks for squeezing me in. Martin, I wanted to ask you a very difficult question you've gotten several times right now, but from a little different angle. And that's, with the uncertainties at your customers in terms of commodity prices and what they are going to spend, how do you think about, in your budgeting process, what you're going to spend next year, particularly in the context of long lead-time items?
Martin Craighead: Thats a great question and right down the heart of what were spending our time on. Lets start with the most obvious which is pressure pumping capacity where weve done a great job in lining up the right type of suppliers to the equipment. Were great assembler, were a great designer, engineering of what the frac fleets of the future should look like, the objectives they are putting more horsepower on smaller footprints and the partnerships with that supply chain somewhat proprietary and were having conversations today in terms of -- with them in terms of what do we need starting in Q1 and Q2. Were going to need, I mean I think I mentioned to Angie, there is nothing thats in the parking lot any more, and then within the context of the customer vis-a-vis their budgets, we are still looking at -- if we project -- if we even project a flat rig count, which were not at this stage, the well intensity is going to require a certain percentage, Im not going to share with you what our estimates because we feel thats kind of competitive, of additional horsepower to get these jobs done. And our models also project or indicate and youve seen this in some of the announcements from our customers that cant get the wells drilled with the budgets they currently got because they are spending more per well and we dont see that trend changing. The well results are fully supportive of longer laterals and more stages and more pumps per stage. So its just  it just doesnt  its incongruous to suggest at this stage that we are not going to need more capacity on that front. In terms of rental tools, if you look at the Middle East, if you certainly look at whats going on in Brazil for us, if you look at whats going on in Norway with Statoil and us, its biased upwards in terms of topline and therefore the capital to support it. I dont want to give you a projection at this stage but again we are not hearing anything from our customers, and Rob, a deepwater rig running today is going to be running next quarter and the quarter after that. They dont slow down just because of a little bit of trickery around these commodity prices. So, were pretty steady as she goes at this stage and thats because thats what were hearing from our customers and maybe thats fortunate for us because of the way were positioned with these customers now. So well just  well leave it at that but its all going in the right direction.
Trey Clark: Thanks, Rob. Lorraine, lets go ahead and close out the call.
Operator: Thank you. Thank you for participating in todays Baker Hughes Incorporated conference call. This call will be available for replay beginning at 12 PM Eastern, 11 AM Central and will be available through 11:30 PM Eastern Time on October 30, 2014. The number for replay is 888-843-7419 in the United States or 630-652-3042 for international calls, and the access code is 3787-3932. You may now disconnect. Thank you.

===== 2014 Q2  (2014-07-17 20:30:00) =====
Executives: Trey Clark - Vice President, IR Martin Craighead - Chairman and CEO Peter Ragauss - SVP and CFO 
Analysts: Jim Wicklund - Credit Suisse Byron Pope - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Company Bill Sanchez - Howard Weil Bill Herbert - Simmons & Company Waqar Syed - Goldman Sachs Ole Slorer - Morgan Stanley Angie Sedita - UBS Chuck Minervino - Susquehanna Dough Becker - Bank of America Rob MacKenzie - Iberia Capital
Operator: Hello. My name is Don, and I will be your conference facilitator. At this time I would like to welcome everyone to the Baker Hughes Second Quarter 2014 Earnings Conference Call. (Operator Instructions).  I will turn the conference over to Mr. Trey Clark, Vice President of Investor Relations. Sir, you may proceed.
Trey Clark: Good morning, everyone, and welcome to the Baker Hughes second quarter 2014 earnings conference call. Here with me today is our Chairman and CEO, Martin Craighead; and Peter Ragauss, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Todays presentation and the earnings release that was issued earlier today can be found on our website at bakerhughes.com.   As a reminder during the course of this conference call we will provide predictions, forecast and other forward-looking statements. Although they reflect our current expectations, these statements are not guarantees of future performance, but involve a number of risks and assumptions. We urge you to review our SEC filings for a discussion of some of the factors that could cause actual results to differ materially. Also, a reconciliation of operating profit and other non-GAAP measures to GAAP results can be found on our earnings release and on our website at bakerhughes.com under the Investor Relations section. And with that I will turn the call over to Martin Craighead. Martin?
Martin Craighead: Thanks Trey and good morning. During the second quarter Baker Hughes adjusted profit from operations increased $103 million over the previous quarter, a rise of 15%. The growth in operating profit is the result of improving execution across the enterprise, as we continue to drive operating efficiencies and accelerate the delivery of innovative new products and services around the world.  Let me share a few highlights, starting with our international operations, where I am pleased with the improving quality of our earnings. In our Europe, Africa, Russia Caspian segment, we saw a solid rebound in activity, following weather delays in Russia and the North Sea during the first quarter.  Additionally, sales for wireline services and drilling services increased in the United Kingdom, Angola and Mozambique based on our outstanding reliability and newly introduced technologies for offshore exploration markets.  The strong performance of these product lines, along with rising activity levels across the region, contributed to record revenue and record operating profit for this geographical segment. We also posted record revenue and record operating profit in the Middle East/Asia-Pacific segment, driven by strong activity growth in many of our key markets.  Again, drilling services was a strong contributor and we also benefited from the delivery of high pressure, high temperature completions technologies in Southeast Asia, and a new integrated artificial lifting completion system in China.  In Latin America, flexibility and customer centricity are critical to growing our profits and reducing our risk. During the second quarter, we posted 3% topline growth, despite a flat rig count. Operationally I am very pleased with the strong service quality we are delivering across the region, particularly in the offshore markets.  Our share in Mexicos marine region is increasing with recent contract wins for drilling services, intelligent production systems and cementing. And in Brazil, we increased our share of drilling services in this challenging performance driven deepwater market.  Across our internal operations, we are seeing strong activity growth, ever more challenging projects and greater reliance on newly introduced technologies. This is a perfect environment for us, and the results are reflected in the growth and strong incremental margins in our international business this quarter. Turning to North America, we are seeing activity growth in the US onshore market in the form of more rigs, more wells and more horizontal drilling. Demand for AutoTrak Curve, Kymera drill bits and Talon drill bits are at record levels, and not surprisingly, we set record revenues in our drilling services and drill bit product lines.  But its the production side of our business thats beginning to deliver truly differential growth in North America. Our customers appetite for new technologies, which can boost oil production from shale, is growing, and the recent launch of our production waste solution could not have been timed better.  Installation of ProductionWave are rapidly accelerating and we are seeing an upsurge in our production chemicals product lines, contributing to record sales in artificial lift and upstream chemicals. As a result of the strong contribution from new technologies like ProductionWave and improving market conditions in the United States, we were able to overcome Canadian breakup and organically deliver increased revenue and increased margins in North America from the first quarter to the second quarter, and this is the first time Baker Hughes has ever achieved this, since we began reporting our results geographically.  Across the US onshore market, the growth engine remains the Permian. During the quarter, well counts in the Permian rose more than 10%, including an increased proportion of horizontal wells. Growth in the Permian is creating tighter market conditions across all other basins.  These market forces have been favorable for all of our product lines, particularly pressure pumping. In addition to the rise in activity, there are also a growing number of customers experimenting with longer laterals and higher volumes of profit. As a result, our horizontal stages grew, our stage counts per well increased and our pumping volumes per well also rose.  Due to this improving mix and increasing utilization, we achieved higher revenue per stage across virtually every major basin in the United States. To be clear, our plan to transform our Pressure Pumping business is on track, and we continue to have opportunities to improve our margins from higher asset utilization and operating efficiencies. Later in todays call, I will share a few examples of new technologies we have recently commercialized that we expect to have a meaningful impact on our industry and on our earnings. But first let me turn it over to Peter for additional details on the quarter and our guidance on the near-term. Peter?
Peter Ragauss: Thanks Martin and good morning. Today we reported adjusted net income for the second quarter of $404 million or $0.92 per share. Adjusted net income excludes $39 million and after tax charges or $0.09 per share related to litigation settlements for labor claims which were previously disclosed in our most recent 10-K and 10-Q.  Adjusted net income also excludes $12 million after tax or another $0.03 per share for currency devaluation in Venezuela. Compared to the prior year, adjusted earnings per share increased $0.38 or about 70%. On a GAAP basis, net income attributable to Baker Hughes for the second quarter was $353 million or $0.80 per share. Revenue for the second quarter was $5.94 billion, a record for Baker Hughes, and an increase of $448 million or 8% compared to the same quarter last year. Adjusted EBITDA for the second quarter was $1.16 billion, up $299 million or 35% year-over-year. To help in your understanding of the quarters results, I will bridge last quarters earnings per share to this quarter. In the first quarter of 2014 we posted GAAP net income of $0.74 per share. First add back $0.10 for severance cost and a royalty agreement which were highlighted in the first quarter. That brings us to our first quarter adjusted EPS of $0.84. Moving to the second quarter, add $0.06 for North America operations due to increased US activity and actions to improve US profitability, which as Martin mentioned more than offset the seasonal decline in Canadian activity related to spring breakup. Add $0.09 for international operations due to increased revenue and profitability.  Add $0.01 for industrial, due to the seasonal increase in activity, and subtract $0.01 for increased corporate expenses. At this point our adjusted earnings per share would have been $0.99. Next subtract $0.07 for the tax effect, related to an unfavorable geographic mix of earnings. That brings us to adjusted earnings per share of $0.92 for this quarter. To get to GAAP earnings per share of $0.80, subtract $0.09 for the litigation settlements and subtract $0.03 for the Venezuela currency devaluation.  From this point on in the conference call, any comments on revenue, operating profit and operating profit margin, refer explicitly to Table 5 in our earnings release, which excludes these two adjusting items.  Taking a closer look at our results from operations, revenue in North America was $2.84 billion, up $67 million or 2% sequentially. North America operating profit was $340 million, up $40 million sequentially. As a result our North America operating profit margin was 12%, which is a sequential improvement of a 120 basis points.  A sequential rise in revenue and operating profit is attributed to strong sales of new technologies and increased activity in several other US geomarkets.  In our US onshore business, our revenue outpaced the 5% rise in well counts over the prior quarter, but particularly strong growth in our central and western geomarkets. Our Gulf of Mexico revenues also grew sequentially and more than originally expected, as a result of rising share of drilling services and strong sales of completion products.  North American Profitability was also favorably impacted by ongoing actions to improve our US Pressure Pumping business, which resulted in higher asset utilization, better supply chain efficiencies, increased revenues per stage and reduced consumption of some raw materials. In summary, the improvement to our US pressure pumping profitability and the increase in US onshore activity played out largely as expected. However, the early rebound in Canadian rig count increased activity in the Gulf of Mexico and rising sales of new technologies were all better than expected for the second quarter, and resulted in North America revenue and margins rising above our most recent guidance.  Moving to international results, we posted revenue of $2.76 billion, up a $125 million or 5% versus the prior quarter. Sequential incremental margins for international operations were just over 45% for the quarter. As a result, operating profit increased $57 million or 16% versus the prior quarter to a total of $404 million. Operating profit margin for the quarter improved 150 basis points sequentially to 14.6% Our Europe, Africa, Russia Caspian segment delivered 7% revenue growth over the prior quarter, resulting in record revenue. Additionally, operating profit margins increased 180 basis points over the prior quarter. The increase in performance for this segment was a result of the seasonal rebound of activity in Russia and the North Sea, following poor weather in the first quarter. Additionally, in the UK, we saw increased sales in wireline services, drilling services and drilling fluids. Lastly, we benefited from operational leverage in Africa, as we continued to gain share in the deepwater markets on the west and east coast of this region.  Our Middle East/Asia Pacific segment, also delivered record revenue in the second quarter along with 66% incremental margins, resulting in a 190 basis point increase in operating profit margins for the quarter. The sequential improvement in profitability is a result of strong drilling services activity in Saudi Arabia and favorable product mix in both drilling and completion services across China, Australia and Southeast Asia. These gains were partially offset by reduced revenue in Iraq where we began the process of demobilizing on a large turnkey contract.  In Latin America, operating profit was flat as revenue increased modestly. Rising activity in Argentina, Mexico and Brazil was offset by reduced activity in other countries.  For our industrial services segment, we posted revenue of $333 million, up $12 million or 4% sequentially, primarily as a result of a seasonal increase in our process and pipeline services business. Operating profit margins were 10.2%, up a 150 basis points over the prior quarter.  Looking at the balance sheet, we ended the quarter with a cash balance of $1.2 billion, which is unchanged from the prior quarter. Total debt for the quarter was $4.6 billion and our debt-to-capital ratio remained unchanged from the previous quarter at 20%. Capital expenditures for the quarter were $424 million. During the quarter we repurchased approximately 2.9 million shares on the open market, totaling $200 million. This leaves $1.25 billion remaining under our previously announced authorization to repurchase shares.  And finally as previously announced during the second quarter, we increased our upcoming quarterly dividend payoff by 13%. Now let me provide you with our guidance for the remainder of 2014. Our activity outlook for North American is relatively unchanged. During the second quarter, the US rig count increased 4% sequentially as predicted, led mainly by the Permian.  We expect continued rig count growth throughout the summer and fall, before the typical seasonal decline in the first quarter. We continued to forecast the 4% increase in the average US rig count compared to last year with an average rig count of 830 rigs for 2014. Also during the second quarter, the US onshore well count increased 5% as drilling efficiencies improved, following the slowdown due to weather in the first quarter. Our full year forecast has not changed and we continued to project a 5% increase in the US well count this year.  For the Gulf of Mexico, we are beginning to see a greater proportion of deepwater rigs performing completions work; however this trend is favorable for Baker Hughes, it has resulted in a slight drop in the active rig count.  We still project two or three incremental deepwater rigs to enter the Gulf of Mexico this year, but we now expect the average US offshore rig count to be flat compared to last year. In Canada, rig counts began climbing from seasonal lows at a faster pace than normal, mainly due to a warm dry spring in May and June. Activities expected to continue ramping up over the course of the year  Likewise, we have revised our Canadian rig count forecast upwards from a 5% to an 8% increase for the full year. For the third quarter, in North America we expect the increase in US and Canadian activity and further improvement of our Pressure Pumping business will contribute to increased revenue and margins. As a reminder, these gains may be impacted by hurricane activity in the Gulf of Mexico this quarter.  Looking outside of North America, we project the average international rig count to increase 8% compared to last year, with healthy growth in Saudi Arabia, Australia, Argentina and Africa.  In Iraq, we began to demobilize on one of our two turnkey contracts. These resources are now being redeployed to more profitable markets in the Middle East and North Asia. Additionally, due to the recent instability in Iraq, the movement of equipment between the north and the south of the country has been problematic.  Despite these logistical challenges our remaining operations are fully active at this time. As we complete the demobilization on this contract during the third quarter, it is likely that our Middle East/Asia Pacific margins may remain flat, before resuming growth again in the fourth quarter.  For our Industrial Services group, revenue and margin should both increase slightly based on higher pipeline and process services activity.  To summarize, we predict continued revenue growth in all of our operating segments, including strong growth in North America. As a result, we are forecasting profit from operations to increase in the third quarter by about 15%.  With respect to non-operational items, for the third quarter, corporate and net interest expenses are expected to be similar to the second quarter. Our 2014 effective tax rate is now expected to be about 35% for the second half of the year. In 2015, we expect our tax rate to return to a range of 32% to 33%.  And finally, capital expenditures for the year have been revised down slightly to be about $1.9 billion.  At this point I will now turn the call back over to Martin. Martin?
Martin Craighead: Thanks Peter. I am pleased with the improving results we delivered in our operating segments this quarter, and the trajectory we are on for the year. These results are a reflection of our strategy to convert innovations in to earnings. This means accelerating the delivery of products and services which enable differential value to our customers, differential margins for our business and differential returns for our shareholders.  During the second quarter, we launched 47 new products and services. These are new technologies designed to address the industrys biggest challenges. Efficient well construction optimized well production and increased ultimate recovery.  I would like to highlight just a few examples of recently introduced technologies that have the potential to reshape our industry. From the challenges of drilling in the ultra deepwater frontier to pushing the limits of lateral lengths in the inconventionals, improving the conversion efficiencies of wells is critical to the economical of future exploration and development.  As an example, our recently introduced FASTrak technology is helping our customers to reduce the time and cost to evaluate their reservoir and is seeing strong demand in offshore exploration markets.  FASTrak integrates our proven wireline sensor technologies with our logging-while-drilling platform to create the industrys first commercial service capable of retrieving reservoir fluid samples while drilling and evaluating the target formation. To date we have deployed this service on more than 50 critical deepwater projects.  During the second quarter, we performed an extensive FASTrak operation for an operator in Nigeria. On this project, we retrieved 10 high quality fluid samples and completed more than a 100 pressure tests in a single run all during the drilling process, helping our customer make critical completion decisions and saving days of rig time.  Now any service which can reliably improve our customers understanding of the reservoir and save days of pain for a deepwater rig will have exceptional demand. We are leveraging FASTrak technology to win share in several deepwater markets, including West Africa, the North Sea, and the Gulf of Mexico.  For our customers developing North American shale resources, its all about maximizing reservoir contact. The recently introduced SHADOW series frac plugs are allowing our customers to redefine the limits of well geometry by eliminating the need to mill-out plugs with coil tubing. On one project last quarter, a customer used several dozen SHADOW plugs to design and complete a well that would have been unimaginable before SHADOW plug. The deepest plug was set at more than 25,000 feet measured depths on a horizontal well stepping out nearly 15,000 feet, a trajectory well beyond the range of coil tubing.  SHADOW plug technology is enabling our customers to construct well bores and access reserves that would not have been possible with conventional completions technology. Sales for SHADOW plug are increasing across every US geomarket. We have also expanded the commercialization of this product internationally with our first deliveries scheduled for Russia and China. The introduction of innovative new products like SHADOW plug and FASTrak are the latest in a continuum of well construction technologies Baker Hughes has been bringing to our industry for more than 100 years.  But we recognize meeting the worlds energy needs in the future cant be solved simply by drilling more holes more efficiently. We must optimize production from existing resources. And one of the biggest opportunities for our industry today is to boost production rates from shale, and this is one of our goals to radically transform the production potential of every shale oil well in every shale oil basin.  If I characterize some of the largest production challenges we are working to solve, they broadly fall under three categories. First, understanding the reservoir; how can we identify the source of production and predict the quantity and the chemistry of the produced fluids.  Second, automation; how can we integrate surface hardware with sensor technologies and real time monitoring to create an intelligent, adaptive production system. And third, down hole architecture; the development of new artificial lift products that have been designed to accommodate the extreme well geometries, the wide flow ranges and the multiple fluid phases which are common when producing from shale.  Its these challenges, that ProductionWave was designed to solve. The ProductionWave solution is a family of technologies which can be custom tailored on a well-by-well basis or what we call a service value multiplier.  Since introducing this system last year, sales have surpassed expectations, with more than 1,000 installations year-to-date across every North American oil basin from Alaska to the Eagle Ford. ProductionWave has been one of the most rapidly adopted production technologies in the history of our company and is becoming a meaningful driver of our North American growth story. And today I am pleased to share with you the next great breakthrough that will further strengthen the ProductionWave platform.  Until now there has never been an artificial lift product that was designed to deployed and operate in a horizontal shale well, and why would there be. Electrical submersible pumps were developed for vertical and deviated well bores where production rates are high or the oil is very heavy. And regardless we are meant to squeeze out a few more barrels a day from shallow vertical wells in mature conventional fields.  Until the unconventionals took off and we began drilling 15,000 shale oil wells per year in the United States alone, there was never a need to design a system that can navigate around a tight bend radius and operate horizontally and no one ever has until now.  This month we are launching FLEXPump Curve the worlds first artificial lift system engineered to be deployed below the ever tightening bend angles which are common in unconventionals and then set in the horizontal section at the maximum depth and extension possible.  Why is this important? Because the deeper you can set the pump, the higher the drawdown rate resulting in higher production rates. FLEXPump Curve is one of several new innovations we will be introducing to transform the way oil is produced from shale leading to greater energy production for the world.  For our customers with mature assets, our research and engineering investment is focused on efficient technologies to increase ultimate recovery. In Saudi Arabia, Baker Hughes delivered a game changing all-electric intelligent well system, enabling controlled production of eight different zones simultaneously.  Delivering a system of this size and complexity would not have been possible with traditional hydraulically controlled intelligent completion systems. The completion design includes three cased-hole laterals isolated by premier feed-through packers and an open-hole main-bore, segregated in to five zones by swelling-elastomer feed-through packers.  Numerous down-hole sensors are deployed throughout the tubing and the annulus to allow real-time monitory of production performance. Active flow-controlled devices installed in each zone are actuated remotely to restrict production in high water cut zones increasing productions from hydrocarbon rich zones and enabling greater recovery over the life of the well. And the entire network of flow-controlled devices is deployed and operated using one single electric control line as opposed to traditional systems requiring multiple hydraulic control lines.  This significantly signifies the installation process, improves system reliability and enables highly accurate remote control, never possible before. This technology removes the guess work out of well intervention, reduces the total cost of ownership for this well for our customer, and represents the future of intelligent production systems. More importantly, it has the potential to enable more consistent production and higher recovery rates across other mature fields around the world.  The common thread to each of the operational successes I just highlighted is innovation. Innovation is enabling us to redefine the technical limits of whats possible such as new well geometries enabled by SHADOW plug. At the same time, through integration we are creating differentiating new services combinations from within our product portfolio like ProductionWave, and through inter dependence with our customers we share a commitment to tackle the industrys greatest challenges such as intelligent well systems used to boost ultimate recovery.  And the final piece is execution, and that comes from people working with a sense of ownership towards a common purpose. And as I said in my opening remarks, its execution that led to our improved results in the second quarter.  As I consider the outlook for Baker Hughes, the fundamentals for our business are strong. Internationally we are seeing increased customer spend across our well construction product lines in all regions, a patter we dont expect to see reverse any time soon.  In North America, the trend of customers spending incremental OPEX towards production related technologies is unfolding as we expected, and we predict strong growth in this area for the foreseeable future. Against this backdrop, I am confident that the execution of our strategy will continue to deliver strong earnings growth.  And with that I will turn it back over to Trey. 
Trey Clark: Thank you, Martin. At this point I will ask the operator to open the lines for your questions. To give everyone a fair chance to ask questions, we ask that you limit your self to a single question and one related follow-up question. Could we have the first question please? 
Operator: (Operator Instructions). Our first question comes from Jim Wicklund from Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
Jim Wicklund - Credit Suisse: Nice quarter again and you covered so much that good questions are hard to come by. You guys have been known as a manufacturing company for a while. At your investor conference you showed a bunch of new technologies and then the list you have at the back that Martin you just went through a several of them is incredibly impressive.  What percentage of your revenues these days are generated by technologies developed in the last year or two?
Martin Craighead: Probably between 35% and 50%.
Jim Wicklund - Credit Suisse: Jeez. Okay and we would expect that to continue I guess, considering though - seven new products I think you said  products and services launched in the quarter. 
Martin Craighead: I would hope that it continues to grow as a percentage Jim. 
Jim Wicklund - Credit Suisse: Okay. Better thats - like I say I am impressed. My unrelated follow-up if I could. Peter on the tax rate you gave us guidance in the second half of the year. Should we assume that the step up is because of the increased profitability in the US market?
Peter Ragauss: Thats one factor Jim. There really are really two factors that come in to play. Weve had higher than planned losses in certain countries such as Iraq that have no tax benefit associated with them. 
Jim Wicklund - Credit Suisse: Right.
Peter Ragauss: And we expect that Iraq operationally will improve over the coming quarters. So thats one thing thats part of the geographic mix comment. But its also true secondly that we also had better than planned results in the US, both onshore and in the Gulf of Mexico this quarter, which are taxed at the higher US tax rate. So those two are playing in and we think  but thinking about 2015 we are planning some structural moves that will help on the tax rate overall and the mix will change going into 2015.
Operator: Our next question comes from Byron Pope from Tudor Pickering and Holt. Please go ahead. 
Byron Pope - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Company: Wanted to get your thoughts just on the North America landscape, you agree your US revenues are well in excess of [inaudible] US rig count and well count growth. As we think about the full year and specifically the back half of the year with the US onshore in Canada and the Gulf of Mexico potentially all moving in the same direction, is it reasonable to think for the full year that Baker cant continue to grow that topline faster than your expectation of the 5% well count growth for the full year, based on what you are seeing in terms of the demand for your products and services.
Martin Craighead: Byron, we would fully expect to outpace the rig count not only in North America but as weve done eastern hemisphere as well. And theres two fundamental underlying reasons for that, one is, as you very well know in North America the service intensity per well is likely to increase, and thats starting to also materialize as we talked about the Saudi Arabia completion installation.  And this ties to the second driver if you will is that the technical challenges our customers are facing whether it be in the unconventionals, whether it be in the deepwater markets or whether it be in the, lets say, prolific eastern hemisphere land markets, that this appetite for improving the ultimate recovery or optimizing production or making well conversions more efficient is just absolutely going to continue to grow, and that means that the money spent likely per well is just going to continue to grow and therefore our business should well outpace than we would fully expect that we would outpace rig count and well count. 
Byron Pope - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Company: And then just second question from me on the Europe, Africa, Russia Caspian region. There seemed to be some concerns about activity in the North Sea in the back half of the year on the Norwegian side. But again hearing your prepared remarks it doesnt sound as though there was any change to the messaging from your analyst day just in terms of the way you see that region progressing, and especially as I think about the deepwater West Africa market, is that a fair assumption.
Martin Craighead: That is a fair assumption. Theres really three, like a lot of our super regions, they are very contrasts within the segment. Africa is certainly a growth story, but even there you could segment the north from the west, and Russia Caspian has really just, its on fire, its just posting great results and the leadership team there is just fantastic, and we are seeing some underlying fundamentals there as well Byron and greater appetite for technology, and service quality and thats a bit of a departure from the years past.  And then you have the North Sea, which its far more mature and there are some dynamics there that I think you could say that the North Sea is still trying to find its way in terms of our customers. But we had a strong quarter in the UK and certainly a rebound from the weather issues in Q1 as I said.  And I think the Norwegian market with some of the recent successes our customers had there geologically, but yet again still struggling a little bit to try to understand the capital allocation and the return on their own investments might slow down that region down a bit for the next 12 to 18 months.  But overall we are pretty optimistic and quite ambitious as is the leadership team to continue to outpace the market. 
Operator:  Our next question comes from Bill Sanchez from Howard Weil. Please go ahead.
Bill Sanchez - Howard Weil: I was hoping if you could spend a moment on Brazil. Last year you certainly saw some margin pressures there as you de-mobbed from that country post the last award that came forward you saw share loss in the drilling services side. Now that we have seen that contract being re-tendered here my understanding is you have certainly roof line to get more active in that market. You talked about the drilling services pickup here during 2Q. What is your appetite for more exposure in Brazil here as we think about the re-tendering, where Baker goes forward in Brazil? 
Martin Craighead: Well our appetite in Brazil remains high, Bill, and weve never obviously appreciated the reduction in our share count, considering the performance that we have there which is leading hands down. We drilled far more pre-salt wells than anyone else in the country and ourself and one of our peers has probably drilled in excess of 80% of all the wells in those basins.  And its not just about the drilling, our appetite across the entire product line mix is high, and our relationship with our customer there is strong, and they represent I think one of the most capable deepwater operators in the world, and our partnership with them is highly valuable, as it drives value in other basins around the world.  So as to the tender I am not going to share with you our strategy, but certainly economics and is a  particularly in the global environment we find our self in now economics is first and foremost in my mind We are not revenue hounds, we are not share hounds, and weve got our investors looked after and that market deserves to reward its suppliers is perhaps some of the highest in the world considering whats the technology thats being deployed, and if we cant make those kind of standards then we take our toys elsewhere. I dont know what else to say.
Bill Sanchez - Howard Weil: Okay. I guess my unrelated follow-up would be, there was discussion I think in terms of the Middle East/Asia margin, peer being flat sequentially due to this de-mob in Iraq. But I guess if I heard you guys correctly expect for revenue up across all areas, should we still think about Middle East/Asia revenue is up in 3Q as a whole, but just margins flat is that correct, or is that de-mob causing an impact to the revenue line as well. 
Peter Ragauss: No, we should expect both single digit revenue increases across the board there in international regions. 
Bill Sanchez - Howard Weil: Is the second contract, my understanding was that both of the turn-key contracts the exploration wouldnt happen until next year or some time. I mean should we assume the second contract stays intact over that period. Just any quick thoughts there and then I will turn it back. 
Peter Ragauss: Yeah, you can assume that the second contract continues well in to next year. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Bill Herbert from Simmons & Company. Please go ahead. 
Bill Herbert - Simmons & Company:  Peter could you just frame your comments or amplify on your comment of 15% improvement in operating income for the third quarter. Is that the way to EBIT or profit before tax, and if that presumes kind of flat to up sequentially internationally then that presumes a rather muted rate of expansion in North America given the seasonal recovery in Canada.  So I am just curious as to what drives only a 15% improvement in operating income. But I though you would have done better given the momentum in North America and onshore to seasonal in Canada and the completions mix shift in the Gulf of Mexico in the second half of the year. 
Peter Ragauss: Bill thanks for asking that question, and let me just clarify. Youll see on the cover of our press release we talk about adjusted profit before tax from operations 778 million. Then if you flip back to Table 5A you see the 778 and thats operations, okay, thats before the corporate. So then if you take your 15% increase on that, thats a little over a $100 million, okay, and thats the number we are referring to.  We are expecting operating profit to increase with the exception of Middle East/Asia Pacific to increase across the board. But I would say that with Canada coming back and the US LAN continuing strong at high single-digit revenues, most of that uplift of a little over $100 million will be coming out of North America. Does that clarify for you?
Bill Herbert - Simmons & Company: Yes it does, its very helpful. So I am just looking here at my  okay so still a $100 million worth operating improvement or your balance for North America is what you just said, correct?
Peter Ragauss: I said that there is a little over $100 million in total, most of which will be coming out of North America.
Bill Herbert - Simmons & Company: Okay, thats fine. Thats better and thats more transparent. That still strikes me as a little bit conservative with regard to North America, especially given the incrementals that Canada is likely to carry the ongoing incrementals in US LAN given your journey as to the self recovery with regard to your frac operations.  What does that imply for North American in the third quarter? I would have thought that would have been 15%.
Peter Ragauss: Bill you can do math, we are not coming out with margin guidance, we are just telling you the best guess as the overall operating profit improvement. 
Bill Herbert - Simmons & Company: No, I understand that, I am just trying to clarify what the thinking is behind it.
Peter Ragauss: Its still healthy growth though in US LAN and Canada.
Bill Herbert - Simmons & Company: I get it. I understand its healthy growth, but I also think that you have some unique circumstances as well with regards to the ongoing improvement in your frac operation in your seasonal exposure to Canada, the mix shift in the Gulf of Mexico. Be that as it may, those are my views and I certainly appreciate the guidance. Thats all I basically have. Thank you very much.
Operator: Our next question comes from the Waqar Syed from Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead. 
Waqar Syed - Goldman Sachs: Just a question on the US pressure pumping market; could you may be talk about where the margins stand there or may be even if you can disclose that like how much have they improved quarter-over-quarter in the second quarter versus the first quarter. And then if you could talk about your equipment utilization and any plans to add capacity in to this market. 
Martin Craighead: Waqar, I think lets talk about the US because we had the decline in the Canadian business and our largest business up there is pressure pumping, so thats an unusual event that occurs every spring, so lets take that out. In the US there was a nice margin walk in that business. We dont break out the product line profitability, but sequentially in the US there it was a big contributor. But as we highlighted in the prepared remarks, we also hit record revenues and margins in a couple of the key product lines. So its increasingly a more balanced portfolio. In terms of utilization, its getting to the point now that our 24 hours schedule is probably 65% of the fleets and capacity is tight, and the utilization numbers are just about maxing out. But it is also something thats infinitely perfectable as I say just like our supply chain and we are never giving up to try to sweat the assets a bit more.  And I appreciate your question around capacity adds, but I am not in a position comfortable with to discuss those kind of plans publicly Waqar.
Waqar Syed - Goldman Sachs: And then in terms of your supply chain improvement that youve been working on, where are you, are you close to being done or how much of that has already been done. 
Martin Craighead: You never done, you never done. All right never done. But I can tell you that compared to where our Pressure Pumping business was two years ago in the space of supply chain utilization, customer mix, contract management, being in the right basins, we are completely different, we have a plan, we have the right people in place to understand the business and execute to that plan.  The risk of repeating myself, of what I said on every one of these calls, its not going fast enough, but its going in the right direction. 
Waqar Syed - Goldman Sachs: And then just one final question on the leap technology, anything to report there.
Martin Craighead: No. We showed you something there quite special, but its something that we keep to ourselves and you guys will be some of the first that will see it when its ready to go.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ole Slorer from Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead. 
Ole Slorer - Morgan Stanley: I wonder if you could help us think about the increased profit in to the third quarter from a perspective of what comes from just improved pricing and asset utilization in pressure pumping versus what comes from increased sales on new technologies. 
Martin Craighead: Ole this is Martin. 
Ole Slorer - Morgan Stanley: Talking North America of course. 
Martin Craighead: Yes I understand, and are you talking pressure pumping or all product lines. 
Ole Slorer - Morgan Stanley: No I am talking pressure pumping specifically. 
Martin Craighead: In the Q3 as it relates to margin, lets leave revenue off the table. As it relates to margin, we probably have in that product line 25% associated with product substitution or new technology, probably have another 25% associated with improved utilization as I mentioned to Waqar where we got to look still some one to rock but it is tightening up, and then the last half of that would be market [hordes] this pricing that would be my best estimate, Ole.
Ole Slorer - Morgan Stanley: Okay, very helpful. We are hearing about sort of huge [round fusing], 22 million-23 million pounds of sand. Could you talk a little bit about how you feel you are set up from a logistics standpoint at the moment and is there a risk that as we go in to the fourth quarter there is lets say some disappointment because of waiting on san or some other logistical challenge. How would you characterize what you are dealing with? 
Martin Craighead: I characterize it as we are a lot more muscled up in capabilities around supply chain and managing that side of the business as than we have ever been in my experience with that business, ever been. And so I think we are in kind of a good position as the cycle unfolds in North America as you say the appetite for more sand is really growing particularly in the Permian as our customers stay in that experimentation mode.  As we looked at the data, I was a bit surprised that every basin actually is incrementally added lengths to their wells. I thought we would have by now may be decided to taper off. So the trend is there was going to be more sand, and the sand issue isnt at the sand face so to speak. I dont think there an issue with the mines, there are some particular issues may be in some of the white and the larger grained 20-40, 10-30 whatever.  But it seems to be a little bit more around the logistics. And then if you drill in to the logistics, its not really the trains and all the investments weve done there, it could be around the trucking issues, which I think is more temporary and less structural. Could be some cost inflation on that space, but fully expect our teams to pass that cost on. So the quick answer is, do I think well have some supply constraints in the fourth quarter? The answer is yes. I think we will manage them pretty well. Well certainly manage them a hell of a lot better than we ever have in the past, and I think it will be a little basis specific. It wont be across North America and I think it will be more of the road transport than the big rail transport. 
Ole Slorer - Morgan Stanley: Martin its very helpful. Congrats with the good quarter and I will back to you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Angie Sedita from UBS. Please go ahead. 
Angie Sedita - UBS: First on North America pressure pumping Martin, could you talk a little bit about what you are seeing today in this field and in the stock market as far as pricing, number one, and in conjunction with that are you seeing tightening in any other product outside of pressure pumping today in North America.
Martin Craighead: I would say that staying away from the issue of pricing, let me frame it up that, the capacity is very tight in a couple of basins and still a little loose in a couple of others. Overall, across the US basins in the second quarter again excluding Canadas unusual situation, its a materially tighter environment than it was last quarter.  I am glad you asked about some of the other product line although than just pressure pumping. There are pricing gains being realized particularly in the drilling services and particularly in artificial lift given the introduction of some of the newer technologies. So those two artificial lift and drilling are realizing price gains and on the pressure pumping side I will just say that this capacity is tightening, okay.
Angie Sedita - UBS: Okay, fair enough. And as unrelated follow-up certainly we are hearing new capacity is being added in to the market as far as pressure pumping. I think some of that is to reinforce existing fleet for us, but some are being added with crews. Are you concerned at this point on anything that you are seeing as far as new capacity coming in to the Permian or overall in the market and just your thoughts on capacity overall.
Martin Craighead: I still think we are 20% over capacitized in North America. I think there is still some repositioning that has to go on. I dont think its strictly an equipment situation, I think its a more acute problem with crews. So absorbing this capacity is getting it to work is going to be on getting the crews ready to go. Am I concerned about other folks adding capacity? I dont worry about what I cant control. So we have a pretty disciplined approach. I can tell you as to how well introduce capital to the market and if it cant give us the returns that AutoTrak Curve cant or a FLEXPump curve or an investment in the Middle East then we are not adding capacity.
Operator: Our next question comes from Chuck Minervino from Susquehanna. Please go ahead.
Chuck Minervino - Susquehanna: I just wanted to get a little bit more detail on the international rig count forecast you guys provided. If you can just give us a little bit more color, the 8% year-over-year number. I am not trying to pick through this too much, but it looks like the international rig count kind of first half of the year is only up about 4%, so youd have a pretty meaningful ramp in the second half of the year and even if we dont get to 8% it would be a very notable ramp.  So I was hoping if you could just kind of touch on that a little bit and may be also where you see the rig count growing here in the second half of the year. 
Peter Ragauss: Chuck let me take a stab at it. We are still seeing pretty growth, and I guess that the greatest growth is still in the Middle East, thats driven by Saudi, the South Arabian Gulf, Kuwait, Qatar etcetera. Thats the biggest single inflexion. Africa we are still seeing it up significantly, second to the Middle East and thats in Central Africa and other places. Europes still decent, third in the pecking order if you will. Asia-Pac a little lower.  I guess if theres one disappointment its been Latin America, its actually been flat year-on-year. We are talking about a 9% before and Latin America is not delivered if you will. So thats caused us to take it down a little bit. So we still feel pretty good about the second half of the year at this point. 
Chuck Minervino - Susquehanna: And then if I can just may be ask one more here. Norway and not picking through the rig count too much here, but Norway the rig count kind of looks like it slid down the last couple of months from 21 rigs down to 16 and I know thats kind of an area of focus for you guys. Is that just more a seasonal issue or/and may be that bounces back or is there anything we should be more aware of there. 
Peter Ragauss:  Norway we are showing pretty much flat year-on-year, may be down a little bit, but thats made up in other places like Continental Europe. So we were not expecting great rig increases in Norway and we are not seeing it. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Dough Becker from Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Dough Becker - Bank of America: There was a very nice jump in Europe, Africa, Russia Caspian margins in the second quarter. Should we expect margins to improve in the third quarter? I think the Norwegian completion contract is still scheduled to kick off, and then if thats the case, your product sales coming in the fourth quarter, could we be seeing fourth quarter margins, I dont know 19%-20% in Europe, Africa, Russia Caspian.
Peter Ragauss:  We are expecting a little bit of an increase in Q3 in the [Europe] region, just like we are, mostly with the exception of Middle East, Asia Pacific, and product sales should improve in to the fourth quarter. I am not going to give you specific guidance now on to the fourth quarter, but certainly a little bit, certainly ought to be higher than Q2. 
Dough Becker - Bank of America: So good trajectory there. And then Martin just last quarter you highlighted geowave walkaway technology that we combine it with surface seismic. You all got a very comprehensive geophysical model. How do you view the importance of having seismic acquisition capability to us to [Baker] to them?
Martin Craighead: Let me just follow-up on the previous question. The completions contract is really a late Q4 early 15 implementation, I just wanted to clarify that. As to seismic acquisition we are not in it, we are not in the business.  We feel pretty confident in our relationship and ongoing strengthening ties with CGG, and we are more focused on all the internal processing and interpretation capabilities. And whether its in the micro seismic world or in the Middle East where we are trying to do some walkaways, and help our customers understand the geo model better or the earth model.  The arrangement we are in right now seems to be appropriate for us. 
Dough Becker - Bank of America: And just a real quick clarification, last quarter you mentioned about 10% spare capacity in frac for the US, today you mentioned North America about 20% over capacitized. Is Canada just a [delta] there or is there some other reconciliation.
Martin Craighead: No, I dont I would challenge me ever saying it was only 10% over capacitized. So I think its  okay. 
Dough Becker - Bank of America: Okay. Understood.
Martin Craighead: Thank you Dough. Don lets go and take one more question please. Thank you.
Operator: Our last question comes from Rob MacKenzie from Iberia Capital. Please go ahead. 
Rob MacKenzie - Iberia Capital: My question has been asked and answered, thank you.
Trey Clark: Okay, well that was quick. That will conclude todays presentation. Don lets go ahead and close down the call. Thank you. 
Operator: Thank you. Thank you for participating in todays Baker Hughes Incorporated Conference Call. This call will be available for replay beginning at 12 pm Eastern Time, 11 am Central Time, and will be available through 11:30 pm Eastern Time on July 31, 2014. The number for the replay is 888-843-7419 in the United States or 630-652-3042 for international calls, and the access code is 37166275. You may now disconnect. Thank you.

===== 2014 Q1  (2014-04-17 09:00:00) =====
Executives:  Trey Clark  VP, IR Martin Craighead  Chairman and CEO Peter Ragauss  SVP and CFO
Analysts:  James West  Barclays Capital Kurt Hallead  RBC Capital Markets, LLC Byron Pope  Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc. William Herbert  Simmons & Company International James Crandell  Cowen Securities LLC Angie Sedita  UBS Investment Bank Jim Wicklund  Credit Suisse David Anderson  JPMorgan Scott Gruber  Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. 
Operator: Hello. My name is Larisa, and I will be your conference facilitator. At this time I would like to welcome everyone to the Baker Hughes First Quarter 2014 Earnings Conference Call. (Operator Instructions). I will turn the conference over to Mr. Trey Clark, Vice President of Investor Relations. Sir, you may proceed.
Trey Clark: Thank you, Larisa. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to the Baker Hughes first quarter 2014 earnings conference call. Here with me today is our Chairman and CEO, Martin Craighead; and Peter Ragauss, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Todays presentation and the earnings release that was issued earlier today can be found on our website at bakerhughes.com. As a reminder during the course of this conference call we will provide predictions, forecast and other forward-looking statements. Although they reflect our current expectations, these statements are not guarantees of future performance, but involve a number of risks and assumptions. We urge you to review our SEC filings for a discussion of some of the factors that could cause actual results to differ materially. Also, a reconciliation of operating profit and other non-GAAP measures to GAAP results can be found on our earnings release and on our website at bakerhughes.com under the Investor Relations section. And with that I will turn the call over to Martin Craighead. Martin?
Martin Craighead: Thanks Trey and good morning. During the first quarter Baker Hughes delivered increased earnings in the face of some challenging market conditions. This outcome is the result of solid execution across the enterprise, leading to improved operating efficiency and accelerated delivery of innovative new products and services around the world. Let me quickly share a few highlights. In Africa newly won work in Angola and Ghana is generating strong growth and helping to expand our share in critical deepwater markets. In Nigeria we are deploying our latest reservoir evaluation technologies leading to outstanding results. Performance in Africa has been excellent and helped us to offset some of the worst winter weather we have ever experienced in the North Sea and Russia. In the Middle-East our people did a great job getting our Iraq operation back to work safely and efficiently following the shutdown late last year. The resumption of activity in Iraq along with increased drilling activity in Saudi Arabia, the UAE, Malaysia and Australia resulted in record revenue for our Drilling Services and Drilling Fluid product lines in the Middle-East, Asia Pacific segment. The strong performance of these product lines coupled with the rebound of our Iraq business contributed to improved results in this segment. In Latin America, our relentless focus on the quality of our earnings resulted in steady profitability despite the seasonal drop in product sales. At the same time we continue to align our business to projects where Baker Hughes provides the best value, where we are becoming the company of choice to execute some of the worlds most challenging projects from heavy oil production in the Andean, the complex well construction in deepwater Brazil. And in the United States we encountered a decline in well count caused by severe weather across the Rockies and the Northeast. Despite the challenge we were able to deliver improved operational performance, including increased revenues and profit margins. Although most of the North America revenue increase can be attributed to the seasonal peak in Canada this improvement alone doesnt account for the sequential increase in margins. The structural improvement in our North American profitability was accomplished by executing our plans to enhance operating efficiency and by leveraging strong demand for newly introduced technologies, everything from highly customized solutions for the ultra deepwater market to brand new completions and production technologies tailored to onshore shale production. Let me share an example. Last quarter I gave you an advanced look at Shadow Plug. This is the completions product that incorporates nano technology to reduce the time and cost to complete an unconventional well. Shadow Plug is performing well in United States and Canada. In some cases customers are ordering this product on spec to secure access to this groundbreaking technology and ensure they arent left behind in their relentless efficiency raise. And I am encouraged by the demand that we are seeing for this product which is now gaining interest in international unconventional plays. Shadow Plug is just one of dozens of innovative new products and services recently launched that is early in its early product lifecycle. And its products like these that contributed to our first quarter performance and which will support earnings growth going forward. These new products are made possible by our Global Products and Services group which continues to quicken the pace of innovation and new product delivery. The solid performance of our Global Products and Services group and growing momentum of our operating segments had been underway for some time, as evidenced by our 10% growth in sales and 25% growth in adjusted operating profit compared to this time last year. Also during the quarter we took actions to support future earnings growth. We strengthened our alliance with CGG and announced an exclusive agreement to offer RoqSCAN technology. This service adds to our reservoir evaluation capabilities and is designed to help our customers optimize production from shale plays. In our Industrial Services group we announce the acquisition of a complementary pipeline services business which will add a critical new inspection technology and expand our international footprint in the rapidly growing midstream market. And last week we announced the acquisition of a Software Technology Company, strengthening our capabilities around remote monitoring and real time data management. The addition of these new capabilities is part of our strategy to continue innovating and integrating new products and services supporting long term profitable growth. Later in todays call Ill share my outlook for our business going forward. But first let me turn it over to Peter for additional details on the quarter and our guidance on the near term. Peter?
Peter Ragauss: Thanks Mart and good morning. Today we reported adjusted net income for the first quarter of $369 million or $0.84 per share. Adjusted net income excludes $21 million in after tax severance cost or $0.05 per share and an after tax amount of $20 million or another $0.05 per share for costs relating to a technology royalty agreement. Compared to the prior year adjusted earnings per share increased $0.19 or 29%. On a GAAP basis net income attributable to Baker Hughes for the first quarter was $328 million or $0.74 per share. Revenue for the first quarter was $5.73 billion, an increase of $501 million or 10% compared to the same quarter last year. Adjusted EBITDA for the first quarter was $1.05 billion, up a $154 million or 17% year-over-year. To help you understanding of the quarters results I will bridge last quarters earnings per share to this quarter. In the fourth quarter we posted GAAP net income of $0.53 per share. First add back $0.06 for severance cost which were highlighted in the fourth quarter. That brings us to a fourth quarter adjusted EPS of $0.62. Moving to the first quarter add $0.09 for North America operations due to actions to improve U.S. profitability, favorable mix in the Gulf of Mexico and the seasonal activity increase in Canada. Add $0.09 for international operations, due to our resumption of activity in Iraq, which was partially offset by the seasonal decline in year-end product sales across all regions. Subtract $0.01 for Industrial due to normal seasonality in the winter months. Add $0.03 for reduced corporate expense and add $0.02 for lower taxes and interest expense. That brings us to adjusted earnings per share of $0.84 this quarter. To get to GAAP earnings per share of $0.74 subtract $0.05 for severance and $0.05 for cost associated with the royalty agreement. From this point onward in the conference call any comments on revenue, operating profit and operating profit margins refer expressly to Table 5 in our earnings release which excludes these two adjustment items. Taking a closer look at our results from operations, revenue growth in America was $2.78 billion up $32 million or 1% sequentially. Compared to the prior year revenue was up a $173 million or 7% despite the rig and well counts being up only 1% and 4% respectively. North American operating profit was $300 million, up $59 million sequentially. As a result our North America operating profit margin was 10.8% which is an improvement of 200 basis points sequentially. The increase in revenue is almost entirely attributed to Canada which reached to peak activity levels during the quarter. The U.S. onshore market activity was impacted by severe weather across the Rockies and Northeast resulting in reduced revenue. However this was offset by increased activity and favorable mix in the Permian which included strong sales of Drilling Services and Drill Bit. Additional [help] came from sales of newly introduced completions in artificial lift technologies across North America. Profitability was favorably impacted by the Gulf of Mexico due to a rich mix of sales late in the quarter. This included the deployment of new drilling and wire line technologies. Additional profit gains were also realized from the seasonal increase in Canada, further improvement in our U.S. pressure pumping business and improving operating efficiencies across the region. These improvements in profitability and particularly the strong contribution from the Gulf of Mexico late in quarter resulted in North American margins rising slightly above almost our most recent guidance. Moving to international results we posted revenue of $2.63 billion, down a $136 million or 5% versus the prior quarter and up $296 million or 13% compared to a year ago. International operating profit was $347 million, which is an increase of $20 million or 6% versus the prior quarter and up $66 million or 23% compared to the same quarter of 2013. Our Middle-East Asia Pacific segment delivered solid revenue for the quarter as the seasonal drop in year-end product sales was almost entirely offset by the resumption of activity in Iraq. Likewise the sequential improve in profitability for this region is also the result of reduced losses in Iraq. Our Europe-Africa-Russia Caspian segment also experienced a seasonal decline in year end product sales as well as foreign exchange losses in Russia Caspian. Activity was further impacted by cool weather conditions in the North Sea and Russia. These reductions in activity were partially offset by favorable mix in the UK and growing profitability resulting from newly awarded projects in West and Central Africa. In Latin America revenue fell sharply due to the seasonal decline in product sales along with actions we are taking to reduce our exposure to low profitability markets. However the detrimentals were minimal due to continued efficiency gains across the region as well as the favorable sales mix in the Andean drill market. For our Industrial Services segment we posted revenue of $321 million, up $32 million or 11% compared to the first quarter of last year primarily as a result of growth in our Process and Pipeline Services business. Operating profit margins were 8.7%, up 40 basis year-on-year. Looking at the balance sheet we ended the quarter with a cash balance of $1.2 billion, which represents a sequential decrease of a $199 million. Free cash flow for the quarter was in line with the first quarter of last year as well as our expectations due to typical seasonal cash requirements. Total debt increased to $122 million during the quarter to $4.5 billion and we ended the quarter with a total debt-to-cap ratio of 20%. Capital expenditures for the quarter were $439 million, down $94 million compared to the most recent quarter. And finally we repurchased 3.4 million shares on the open market during the first quarter totaling $200 million. This leaves $1.45 billion remaining under our previously announced authorization to repurchase shares. Now let me provide you with our guidance for the remainder of 2014. Our activity outlook for North America is relatively unchanged. During the first quarter the rig count increased 6% in the Permian. We expect continued rig count growth throughout the summer and fall leading to an increase of about 10% in this basin over the course of the year. This growth in the Permian is expected to contribute to a 4% increase in the overall U.S. rig count for the year with an average rig count of 1,830. U.S. onshore well count on the other hand declined 3% during the first quarter due to the severe weather conditions previously highlighted. Despite this drop in wells at the beginning of the year our full year forecast had not changed and we continue to project a 5% increase in the U.S. well count this year. Turning to the U.S. offshore market our rig count forecast remains unchanged and is still expected to increase 5% in 2014. In Canada we continue to project a 5% increase in rig count for the full year. During break up in the second quarter rig counts are expected to average about 170 rigs. For the second quarter in North America we expect the seasonal activity drop at Canada to reduce our revenue and margins. Additionally we dont expect the rigs mix of business in the Gulf of Mexico to repeat in the second quarter. However anticipated activity growth in the U.S. onshore market and our improving operating efficiency are expected to partially offset reduction in revenues and operating profit. As a result we expect only a slight decline in our North America revenue and margins in the second quarter. Looking outside of North America our international rig count forecast has been revised downwards slightly from 10% to 9% for the year. This is due to less onshore activity projected in Latin America specifically in Mexico. The Latin America rig count is now expected to only rise about 2% this year. For other reasons our rig count forecast is effectively unchanged and we still project healthy growth in the Middle East, Asia Pacific and Africa. For the second quarter we expect seasonal improvement in our International Operations and Industrial Services, with modest growth in revenue and operating profit for these segments. In respect to other items such as interest expense, corporate costs and capital expenditures our guidance remained unchanged from our last earnings call. To summarize, for the second quarter we expect the seasonal drop in our North American business to be more than offset by gains in other segments, leading to earnings growth similar to the first quarter. At this point I will now turn the call back over to Martin. Martin?
Martin Craighead: Thanks Peter. As we look ahead this year we see a number of positive trends unfolding. From a macro perspective the environment is favorable for the industry. In its April 2014 oil market report the IEA forecasts the demand for oil to increase by 1.3 million barrels per day. This supports our outlook for oil prices which we project to remain stable for the year, averaging around $100 per barrel. Taking a look at natural gas, U.S. working gas in storage is currently 1 trillion cubic feet below the five year average. Getting storage levels back to average before next winters drawdown would require an addition of another 3 trillion cubic feet of gas and that sort of addition would require injection levels to approach record levels every week between now and then. With gas storage at this level the prices are higher than many would have guessed only a few months ago. When coupled with favorable oil prices this environment fares well for our customers cash flow and spending capacity. Therefore its not surprising that activity is increasing in most regions of the world. In Asia Pacific offshore rig counts have increased to the highest level seen since 2010, with strong activity in China, Malaysia, Vietnam and Australia. In the Middle East a similar story is unfolding in the onshore markets, including the highest active rig count Baker Hughes has ever reported in the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia during the month of March. And in the U.S after several months of declining well counts weve finally rounded the corner with well counts set to rise led by solid growth in the Permian. The need for higher technology is also rising in the Permian with more horizontal drilling, longer laterals and greater reliance on new products like Shadow Plug. This trend of increasing service intensity is being replicated around the world. Wells are deeper and harder, completions are more complex, production curves are declining faster and the aging midstream infrastructure is working well beyond its time. All of these trends are positive for the service industry and play particularly well to the strength that they produce. Our strategy is to leverage new technology development and our global supply chain to convert innovation into earnings. I would like to highlight just a few examples of the strategy and action during the first quarter. I am extremely pleased with our continuous success in Nigeria where we worked with some of the worlds largest ILCs and partnered with an emerging group of highly capable local independents to help enable energy production in this important market. The key to efficient development in a high cost deepwater market like this is having access to fast and accurate reservoir knowledge. And were seeing a growing appetite for Baker Hughes newest reservoir evaluation services. During the quarter we successfully deployed a series of latest generation logging while drilling services on several projects. This included FASTrak, which is our industry leading technology which provides the customers with down-hole reservoir or analysis and high quality fluid examples during the drilling process. Also during the quarter we completed our first GOA walkaway down-hole seismic survey in Nigeria for a major customer. When incorporated with surface seismic data a comprehensive geophysical model can be produced helping to define the boundary and volumes in the reservoir. Helping enable production on the worlds most challenging projects like these requires the very best in technology and the ability to execute. Brazil is a perfect example, since we helped enable the first horizontal presalt well there years ago Baker Hughes has provided drilling services for the vast majority of deepwater wells in Brazil, including at least 80% of the presalt wells and today we remain the go-to-service company for the toughest wells. During the first quarter we successfully drilled the first of several development wells on the deepwater campaign, a unique and difficult heavy oil play. The challenge was to place a horizontal well bore within a short interval where the rock formation is soft and interspersed with water flow downs; achieving a tight build angle in such a short interval while maintaining well bore stability in this difficult drilling environment was considered by many to be beyond the technical limits of the industry. Our solution was the integration of several advanced technologies across multiple product lines. Working closely with the customer we assembled a team of well construction experts and engineering system which integrated [wireless] drilling equipment, advanced drilling services to provide geo-steering, high technology logging-while-drilling services to measure the formation, remote monitoring to detect water flow and unique drilling fluids formulated to maintain water stability in using a [wireless] system. Through this integrated approach and close partnership with our customer we were able to drill the undrillable on target, ahead of schedule and under their budget. When it comes to complex projects like these Baker Hughes remains the company of choice. This continues to be the case in the Gulf of Mexico. As a reminder last year we drilled the deepest well ever. A couple of quarters ago we performed the largest stimulation job ever and now weve installed the deepest subsea boosting system ever. For six years weve partnered with a key customer to engineer and test this solution for subsea production to be deployed on an ultra deepwater well in 8,200 feet of water. The challenge is to maximize production while reducing the cost of interventions which can be extraordinary in this extreme environment. The result was the solution which integrates multiple high horsepower ESPs engineered for this particular application, and sophisticated monitoring equipment all combined within a horizontal booster cartridge. This configuration the first of its kind used in the Gulf of Mexico provides the production and recovery rates necessary to make this project economical, with a system that can be serviced with light well intervention vessel instead of a costly deepwater drilling rig. This reduces maintenance cost and extends production over the life of the well. This project is another example of our growing leadership position in the emerging ultra-deepwater frontier and demonstrates that Baker Hughes is the partner of choice when executing the worlds most complex production solutions. From highly customized deepwater projects like this to multi-well onshore field developments the demand for Baker Hughes production solutions is on the rise. This quarter in the Middle East we were awarded a five year contract to supply and service 400 electrical submersible pumps to a major client making this the largest artificial lift contract weve ever been awarded in this region. In North America FLEXPump ESPs continue to gain share in unconventional plays as the intelligent alternative to rod lift systems providing our customers with better reliability, greater production and lower maintenance costs. Combined with chemical injection services and real-time monitoring under the ProductionWave banner the number of such pumps sold during the first quarter alone nearly exceeded the total quantity sold all of last year. Not surprisingly the performance of FLEXPump has caught the attention of other operators globally. In Russia a customer measured FLEXPump power consumption versus a competitors ESP. Power meters at several well sites confirmed that FLEXPump utilized 20% less power than the competitor is offering and as such we secured an immediate order for units to be installed this year. The need to increase production and recovery rate is universal and fundamental to the economics of energy production. Baker Hughes is committed to be the world leader in helping solve today and tomorrows production challenges. To support this vision during the quarter we officially opened our artificial lift research and technology center in Claremore, Oklahoma. This technology center is the worlds most comprehensive facility dedicated to artificial research and testing. The facility includes its own dedicated substation to provide enough power that can currently operate fixed artificial lift systems up to 2,800 horse power each in a number of vertical and horizontal flow lifts which stimulate the different pressures and temperatures, fluid types and flow rates that maybe encountered in a producing well. The power and capabilities of this center are industry leading and designed to improve the reliability and performance of artificial lift technologies. The research effort is being led by a team of a 180 of the industrys brightest engineers and scientists who are focused on solving the most pressing production challenges, from boosting initial production in unconventional wells to increasing ultimate recovery rates in the ultra deepwater frontier. Our continued investment in Claremore provides Baker Hughes with unmatched capabilities and talent to design, test and deliver future generations of production solutions beyond anything that exists today. The common thread to this center and each of the other projects thats highlighted is innovation. Innovation is the cornerstone of our strategy to create long-term shareholder value. Its been at the heart of Baker Hughes for more than a century. But it takes more than just innovation to win in todays marketplace; it also takes execution. Execution comes from people, people working interdependently with a sense of ownership towards a common purpose. Its execution that is accelerating the pace of new product introductions. Its execution that is delivering strong growth in Middle East, Asia Pacific; more profits in Europe, Africa, Russia, Caspian and less risk in our Latin America business. And its execution that is growing our North American margins to mid-teens during the second half of this year. And this is just the beginning. The transformation of Baker Hughes is behind us. And weve been marching down a new path of innovation and integration. Today we are focused on execution with a new found sense of purpose. In exactly three weeks at our upcoming analyst conference we are going to show you what innovation and execution means for the future of this company, and why we have never been more excited about our role in shaping this industry. And with that Trey lets take some questions.
Trey Clark: Thank you, Martin. At this point Ill ask the operator to open the lines for your questions. To give everyone a fair chance to ask questions we ask that you limit yourself to a single question and one related follow up question. Larisa can we have the first question please?
Operator: Thank you. The first question is from James West from Barclays.
James West  Barclays Capital: Hi, good morning guys.
Martin Craighead: Good morning, James.
James West  Barclays Capital: Martin, you gave great color on North America so far this, the U.S. market especially so far this year in terms of the Permian leading the way and now we are getting out of the winter weather and things are getting better in other areas of the market. Do you think that we are at a point where pricing power starts to develop for those product lines that have been somewhat out of balance and they could come back in the balance here shortly or were still playing more of a utilization and volume game in North America?
Martin Craighead: No, I think James its little bit more of the later than the former. There is some pockets of, lets say, tightness in a couple of product lines that you highlighted one. But there is some, where there is still some spare capacity. So overall I would say that its getting better, its going in the right direction but I wouldnt bank a whole lot on a lot of pricing traction.
James West  Barclays Capital: Okay, do you think we could see pricing as we exit the year, is that a fair assumption or is that too hard to call this one?
Martin Craighead: My instincts tell me that it will be a little bit better by the end of the year than it is now.
James West  Barclays Capital: Okay, got you. And then just one follow-up from me on the new ESP technology that youve been highlighting for a couple of quarters now. Where do you think  I guess can you give us some  quantify some of your market share gain that youve had with this technology, obviously its innovative, its been adopted very rapidly. But how much of the market or how much of the artificial market is it taking so far?
Martin Craighead: As I said in my prepared remarks about twice what we did all of last year and a third and well provide a little bit more insight to that in a few weeks James but a third of the sales in the first quarter, which were substantial sequentially from four to one in terms of total volume but a third of those were rod lift replacements.
James West  Barclays Capital: Okay, got it. Thats very good to hear. Thanks Martin.
Martin Craighead: You are welcome.
Operator: Thank you. The next question comes from Kurt Hallead from RBC.
Kurt Hallead  RBC Capital Markets, LLC: Hey, good morning.
Martin Craighead: Good morning Kurt.
Kurt Hallead  RBC Capital Markets, LLC: Hey, first thing on my mind here just want to make sure I heard correctly, Peter you mentioned that, that you expect second quarter earnings growth to be similar to the first quarter at least thats what I thought I heard, can you help clarify that?
Peter Ragauss: Yeah, let me be absolutely clear. Dont forget in Q4 Iraq adjusted we were at about $0.80, right. So the starting point is $0.80 and we went to $0.84 this quarter and we would expect a similar progression into Q2. We do not have another Iraq coming online like we did relatively speaking between Q4 and Q1. So $0.80 to $0.84 to similar progression.
Kurt Hallead  RBC Capital Markets, LLC: Thanks for that clarification. The other question I had was Martin when you talked about the U.S. market and the opportunity set going forward can you give us an update on where you think industry wide spare capacity is for frac right now, and as we progress into the second half of the year how much additional absorption do you think we may be able to see given your rig count and well count forecast?
Martin Craighead: Thats a question were all trying figure out exactly. I would say that we are at around 10% across the U.S., little bit worse in Canada in terms of spare capacity at this point and little bit to James earlier question there are couple of basins where essentially there is no spare capacity and there is some that  of course lot higher than the 10% within the U.S. market. And in terms of going forward very similar answer to the previous one, its going in the right direction, in a couple of those basins there is customers working hard to try to schedule the fleet that they need to get the work done, but like I say in some of the others there is plenty of capacity on the weekends and I think the markets from this point out with our forecast we may be more towards that are balanced by the end of the year less than 10% and the question is how much capacity comes in. We just cant predict it any tighter than that.
Kurt Hallead  RBC Capital Markets, LLC: Okay. Then the  I think you guys have given some indications to investors and ourselves about hitting the mid-teens margin in North America. Want to get an update from you on your thoughts, obviously you are well along that progression here at 11% for the first quarter plus 11% for the first quarter. So can you give us an update on your thoughts on that mid-teens target and then in conjunction with that Martin may be an update on where you may stand in terms of 24x7 ops as a percent of your frac fleets right now.
Martin Craighead: Yeah let me take your last one first. We were around say 55% in Q4 of the stages pumped around 24 hours. We got close to 60% in Q1. And we remain committed to getting close to 70% later this year. In terms of your question around the mid-teens we feel very, very confident as we have from, as we told you couple of quarters ago. I would say you can pretty much put it in the four buckets Kurt. First there is an increase in well count as you highlighted and there is an increase in intensity on those wells, service intensity given the increasing mix to the horizontal side. And that will play well into our strength. Second we had a good quarter in the Gulf of Mexico in Q1. I think it will get better from here on out in particularly the second half as the mix continues to move more towards the completions. Our three vessels in the Gulf of Mexico are fully utilized and expected to remain that way. Third, were going to have continued improvement in the pressure pumping business for Baker Hughes. We are doing a lot of things we said we were going to do just moving in the right direction. Some of them go faster than the others but that business line has put together its sixth consecutive quarter of improving margins and there is no reason that thats going to stop. And then lastly I think most significantly is the absorption of some of the new technologies whether its AutoTrack Curve, whether its the cemented FracPoint, whether its FlexPump and ProductionWave, these sell for significantly higher margins than the products that they are obsoleting. So you put those together no reason to be anything but fully confident that we will hit our target.
Kurt Hallead  RBC Capital Markets, LLC: Okay. Thats great, appreciate that answer. Thanks.
Martin Craighead: Youre welcome.
Operator: Thank you. The next question comes from Byron Pope from Tudor, Pickering, Holt.
Byron Pope  Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc.: Good morning. Martin just following on your response to that question on the North American margin progression and then thinking about the rig count forecast of U.S. onshore at 4% and U.S. offshore of 5% and with your technology uptick and your positioning in both the Gulf of Mexico and in the key U.S. onshore basin is it reasonable to think about top line growth in those U.S. onshore and Gulf of Mexico buckets as exceeding the rig count forecast that you  in terms of how you guys think about it?
Martin Craighead: Simple answer to that is yes, thats what I would expect.
Byron Pope  Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc.: Okay, and then you guys just had solid results in the Eastern Hemisphere for a while now. I had thought about the Middle East Asia Pacific region as potentially being the most robust top line driver for Baker Hughes here but it sounds like you gained meaningful traction in offshore West Africa in your business model and Russia continues to evolve. So as you think about your Eastern Hemisphere market and Middle East, Asia Pacific versus your West Africa, Russia Caspian how do you think about the growth prospects in the Eastern Hemisphere in those two regions and which one leads to the charge this year?
Martin Craighead: We have a pretty good rivalry going between those two super regions in East, so I dont if I want to tip my hand to which one is going to outpace the other. But Ill tell you that both are really coming along nicely and they  both of those super regions have some really nice work and opportunities ahead of them. The Middle East is and you can hear from everybody being led by the Kingdom there and weve highlighted that the highest rig counts that weve ever recorded in Saudi Arabia and thats likely to continue. They are doing a lot of good work, the gas business and the unconventionals and but we shouldnt forget there is other countries in the Middle East, the UAE and Kuwait in particular, I think are also increasingly trying to booster their spare capacity. China would be right there in the mix, but if we move further West and as you highlighted particularly West Africa has set up really nice for Baker Hughes over the last twelve months. Weve got fabulous leadership from the very top all the way down within the respective countries, we are indigenous, we are local, we understand the customers. The geo markets there really gaining traction as are the product lines. We have some very nice growth projected in Angola, a lot of nice wins in deepwater and if you move down around the Horn our position on wireline and drilling services and completions in both South Africa as well as Mozambique is strong. So West Africa as you highlighted in the Middle East and not only Saudi Arabia are going to be two biggest hot spots we have. That all said as weve highlighted on previous calls Norway is still a significant revenue driver for this company a big completions contract kicking in the second half which will run for, well five year plus and Russia has come on extremely strong in the last couple of quarter both in terms of top line and margins. So these are the ones there is really growth positive versus some of the soft spots if you will.
Byron Pope  Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc.: Thanks Martin, appreciate the color.
Martin Craighead: Welcome.
Operator: Thank you. The next question comes from Bill Herbert from Simmons & Co.
William Herbert  Simmons & Company International: Good morning.
Martin Craighead: Good morning, Bill.
William Herbert  Simmons & Company International: So Martin, the Permian obviously has been quite strong and likely stronger than everyone expectations and sort of remains the main engine of growth. Can you talk to us a little bit about your wherewithal to capture that growth in light of what appeared to be pretty tight labor constraints and what labor constraints are you confronting, if any, and what are doing to rectify those?
Martin Craighead: Thats a great question, Bill. So the Permian is at the heart of our North American business. It has been for a long time on every product line. We are well situated. We have great relationships would be operators and the application and technology I think in the Permian is  its very ripe as these stack plays continue to surprise to the upside. And to your labor question, you know it is  its an issue for everyone there. Ill tell you that the Baker Hughes brand attracts a lot of talent. Its for a variety of reasons depending on whatever you are looking for but if you are looking for more than a Permian opportunity, if you are looking for ripe product line portfolio to participate in. its a company you are going to want to work for and thats all the way down the full chain, from our field crews all the way to our management and engineers. The other thing I would put in there Bill is that, we are getting a lot better at the efficiency side of the business on a couple of fronts and you know the stimulations side the most where we are still in the learning curve. And then getting more stages per day on a per headcount if you will and per fleet. So attracting talent out there is a challenge for everyone. I think we are doing better than most, and the ability to effectively and appropriately leverage that talent to get the work done its going in the right direction. So I feel good about it.
William Herbert  Simmons & Company International: Okay, so my understanding is that you were for a part of Q1 sold out in the Permian not necessary due to horse power because of labor. But it sounds as that you dont necessary have any concerns about meeting the continued onslaught of growth because of the efficiencies that you are realizing.
Martin Craighead: Do I have concerns  I will  I am paid to worry about everything. So I have concerns about everything, but I can tell you that our folks out there are managing it pretty effectively and I am not worried about us lets say not being able to take care of our customers or generate our numbers because of the labor.
William Herbert  Simmons & Company International: Okay, and then secondly with regards to your guidance, your updated guidance, you upgraded your U.S. land mix forecast but your lateral well count forecast are the same up 5%. And you referenced overall well count declining year-over-year. But if you could focus on a horizontal well count for a second in relationship to the horizontal rig count and at least on our numbers, the well count increased by over 25% year-over-year versus the rig count increase at 13%. So on that particular front efficiencies clearly are being realized to a significant extent, would you agree with that?
Martin Craighead: Yes, I would, completely.
William Herbert  Simmons & Company International: Okay, great. Thank you very much, great quarter.
Martin Craighead: Thanks Bill.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from Jim Crandell from Cowen.
James Crandell  Cowen Securities LLC: Thank you. Martin I had a couple of questions about U.S. pressure pumping. Number one, could you talk to the progress that you are making in differentiating your frac offering and your attempts to add more technology in that operation? And then secondly, also on U.S. pressure pumping, how far are we along in all of these sort of self-help measures in pressure pumping to improve profitability? We are getting towards the end of that or is there still a fair amount you can do to improve profitability through internal means there?
Martin Craighead: Okay, good morning Jim. I would say that  let me take the second part of your question. In terms of how much runway is left depends on the activity, if you remember when we started these initiatives a lot of it was redeploying the assets, building infrastructure, now thats essentially completed. On the other end of the spectrum Jim, whats internally perfectible is your contracts and contract management, the customer mix we are working for and there  we are still under early innings but its already paying dividends. And in between we had issues around supply chain, improving logistics, freight, repair and maintenance. Id say these are half to maybe three quarters where they need to be but you never give up on being more efficient in any of those elements. The technology side, in terms of moving the margin had a lot to do with self-help initiatives around what we call driving the fly and some other activities. Probably most of that was realized in the first quarter and all of it will be realized in the second quarter as the units roll out. So its a continuum. Infrastructure and repositioning of fleets completely done, and contract management and customer mix is still in the early stages and everything else is in between. And in terms of technology around pressure pumping its on a variety of fronts. Besides the self-help, implementation of technology to reduce cost or improve efficiency, there is around fluid design, fluid chemistry we are really excited by something called Ultra Sorb which is a proppant like material developed by our own chemists and chemical engineers and scientists has crush properties similar to proppants and yet has the ability to take care of the produced fluid and reduce particulates and flocculation and things like that. Its a brilliant technology, its in its early stages but you can imagine packing the fractures with chemistry in at the cool face if you will, to prevent problems from occurring in terms of precipitation. Its something that we are pretty excited about, youll hear more about it in a few weeks. And then lastly pressure pumping is all about tying to other product lines. Now I wouldnt want to be in that business by itself because we see it as the ultimate connector between wireline, completions, drilling services, reservoir evaluation, production engineering and artificial lift. It is the sensor of our world in many ways and it stimulates technology in some of other areas based on what we can do in fracing, so OptiPort, infinite number of stages it can be applied to cold tubing, activated sleeves, is rapidly evolving and developing in itself because of what were able to do on the fracing side. So a lot of technology for fracing but I think the way to look at it is what fracing does for some of the other product lines.
James Crandell  Cowen Securities LLC: Thanks, Martin. And just as a sort of related follow-up and my second question has to do with Iraq and have you had enough experience now drilling in Iraq that excluding the possibility of sort of unrest in the region hurting your operations there do you have enough experience with the drilling of the wells that you are feeling confident on your performance over there and your ability to make your so called budget I guess or your expectations in terms of the project as the wells are being drilled on a turnkey basis?
Martin Craighead: Short answer to your question Jim is yes. The learning curve has been expensive and painful in a couple of different ways but our drilling performance is dramatically improved. I think whats critical there as I have said before I have zero appetite for additional projects with the terms and conditions that we unfortunately signed up for before we wont make that mistake again. The terms and conditions of pricing, the risk profile there has to be better alignment between the customer community and ourselves before we step into other projects. Will we step into other projects like in terms of lump sum turnkeys possibly but it will be a completely different contract than what we have today.
James Crandell  Cowen Securities LLC: Right, good. Okay, very helpful Martin, thank you.
Martin Craighead: Youre welcome.
Operator: Thank you. The next question comes from Angie Sedita from UBS.
Angie Sedita  UBS Investment Bank: Hey, thanks. First congratulations on the quarter, very well done.
Martin Craighead: Thank you.
Angie Sedita  UBS Investment Bank: So Martin when you  well I guess I should take up the question on North America margins in Q1 and the contribution from wireline technology, you obviously had a 200 basis point decline. Could you give us a rough idea how much that new wireline technology contributed to the quarter as far as potential gain?
Martin Craighead: Honestly I cant. I cant quantify for it, I can tell you that its  I mean has margins that frankly are higher than probably any of the product line when that particular technology is used and were talking about the deep basin in the Gulf of Mexico. But in terms of its actual basis point contribution, given the size of the business I cant tell you offhand, I am sorry.
Angie Sedita  UBS Investment Bank: Okay.
Peter Ragauss: But  this is Peter, but the [inaudible] was a big contributor to the sequential improvement in operating profit and a lot of this wireline and drilling services technology was a big part of it, so Gulf of Mexico.
Angie Sedita  UBS Investment Bank: Okay, thats helpful. And then when you think about your strategy for North America land in frac at least for 2014 not 15 but when you think through your strategy for the year, is it fair to assume that you would be more focused on increasing your 24x7 operation or do you think you have an opportunity to redeploy idle equipment?
Martin Craighead: Thats a great question, Angie and first and foremost we use what we have currently in the yard and ready to work. So utilization is the number one priority and we still have more opportunity there, a lot more and as I kind of highlighted in a couple of the previous questions were being restrained in one or two basins but three or four other basins utilization isnt where it needs to be, so I would say thats the first opportunity. In terms of reactivating horsepower we can do that but I dont foresee that any time soon.
Angie Sedita  UBS Investment Bank: Okay, good to hear. And then on the basins as weve discussed Permian is clearly tight at the moment, is there a belief that people and equipment will be mobilized into the Permian and other basins to somewhat neutralize or equalize the tightness there, number one? And number two, do you see any other basins that could become as tight and as large as that region or is the market in the U.S. going to be fairly lopsided and very basin specific for the rest of 2014?
Martin Craighead: I would take your  I would say that the South Texas is falling nicely along and could end up in a couple of quarters where the Permian is now. And next to that would be your Northeast region and I dont think we should forget about the Utica. I think it has the opportunity to surprise to the upside and absorb capacity out there relatively quickly. So thats how I would outline that. And I am sorry Angie could you  the first part of your question?
Angie Sedita  UBS Investment Bank: Is equipment and people mobilizing into the Permian where we would equalize the tightness there, therefore the tightness were seeing today start to diminish.
Martin Craighead: Right and equipment goes where its loved the most. So I think thats already happening. And yet the absorption, the appetite that the customers have are still exceeding what can be done. I think to the question that Bill asked earlier around labor if you are Baker Hughes or if you are couple of our larger peers, and you need to step up we can do it. If you come in into the Permian and no one knows who the heck you are and you dont have an existing work force or a local representation, I think its going to be hard for you to man that fleet. So I am not so sure that there is a whole lot of downside risk to equipment coming from other basins into the Permian. Its not that easy for some folks.
Angie Sedita  UBS Investment Bank: Okay, thanks so much. I will turn it over.
Operator: Thank you. The next question comes from Jim Wicklund from Credit Suisse.
Jim Wicklund  Credit Suisse: Good morning guys.
Martin Craighead: Good morning, Jim.
Jim Wicklund  Credit Suisse: One other company this morning reported and they said that they are gaining market share in domestic pressure pumping led by technology. You guys have obviously been rolling out more technology than weve seen in a very long while. Should we expect to see the big three gain market share on the smaller guys or are the big three just swapping market shares among themselves?
Martin Craighead: Its funny, how everybody is gaining market share isnt it?
Jim Wicklund  Credit Suisse: I think, its right and its those other guys you got to look out for.
Martin Craighead: No, I know. But thats a very fair point. I wouldnt debate it, what was said. And we feel confident with the growth in our business that we are gaining share on a couple of different fronts. And I have said this for a long time, the integration of pressure pumping Jim there was this first revolution around just cost, cost, cost, the stage wars, efficiency and Ive been saying for quite a while that there is not a whole lot of juice that you are going to get out of that lemon for much longer. We got to drill smarter wells, better wells perhaps even fewer wells and keep those recovery factors and EURs up in those basins and to do that you need to have a first rate frac fleet and organization but you got to have strong op mechanics organization, you got to have a world class formation evaluation group, you got to have a completions portfolio that can address every possible outcome and need. And then if you can plumb that well with artificial lift and chemicals you are going to gain share in every product line. So I dont  the integrated model  absolutely.
Jim Wicklund  Credit Suisse: Sounds like the integrated model is going to  guys who just provide brawn and that level of technology. I kind of prompted that question but I appreciate that, Martin. Second thing in Iraq Jim brought it up and you had said that because Iraq recovered operating income had record levels, is that, is Iraq possibly had just a reduction in loss and if its where do you expect margins to go in Iraq over the rest of this year?
Martin Craighead: I expect our margins in Iraq to continue to work up. We are not currently profitable in the country as a whole. The North part isnt large enough for us to offset the challenges we still experience in the Southern part of the country. But U expect that business overall to improve from here on out.
Jim Wicklund  Credit Suisse: Okay.
Martin Craighead: As it was, Jim, as it was prior to the unfortunate episode in the fourth quarter of last year, Amen.
Jim Wicklund  Credit Suisse: Last question if I could weve talked about performance incentive and performance-based contract seeming to gain steam, does Baker play in that market?
Martin Craighead: Significantly in virtually all key basins, completions contracts in the North Sea, drilling contracts in Angola, Nigeria, of course other parts of Latin America outside of Brazil and an increasing appetite to put skin into the game and align with our customers and again in North America and given that portfolio capability and the opportunity to help them drill better wells, get those IPs up and EURs up and its not as easy to keep getting their cost down. Were stepping into that category increasingly more, yes.
Jim Wicklund  Credit Suisse: Excellent. Martin, thank you very much.
Martin Craighead: Youre welcome. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And the next question comes from David Anderson from JPMorgan
David Anderson  JPMorgan: Thanks. Good morning. Just a quick question on your CapEx. I think it was trailing below $2 billion this year, how does that look for the rest of the year and is that an influence on the buybacks or on size of buyback can you kind of comment on how if they are related at all?
Peter Ragauss: Were still sticking to $2 billion in CapEx for the year. We were just little bit light in the first quarter. And I guess ultimately they are related but they are not directly linked. In regards to buyback program we generated a record free cash flow last year, $1.5 billion, we expect to generate cash flow in 2014 and 2015 and keep our CapEx pretty much in line with where were today. So ultimately they are related but there is a lot of cash being generated, regardless of slight changes in the CapEx program from quarter-to-quarter.
David Anderson  JPMorgan: So with that free cash flow growth can we assume the buybacks program should also increase kind of steadily through the year or is that am I reading into it too much?
Peter Ragauss: Youre reading into it too much. But weve put the buyback program in for a reason and we will utilize that reason.
David Anderson  JPMorgan: Okay, Martin a quick question on Gulf of Mexico, I am not sure if I heard you explicitly talk about your outlook. I mean are you still expecting rigs to come in to the market through the year, I know it was a contributor to margins this quarter. Can you comment a little bit how you see that market developing this year and internally next year?
Martin Craighead: Yeah, good morning, Dave. We took a bit of  and weve been proven right in terms of what our rig forecast was going to be in the Gulf of Mexico. And its right exactly where we predicted it and it maybe a little bit behind what some others predicted. And here on out we expect it to grow a few more sequentially. So the Gulf of Mexico will play a big role in our North American margin growth. And the big part of that is the three boats that are just about fully utilized in March they were and I dont see any reason why thats not going to continue, again partly because of rig growth count  rig count growth sorry and the increasing shift towards completions.
David Anderson  JPMorgan: Okay, along the same line Martin there is a comment there by two big perforation services and hearing some of about that in onshore I think that was related to offshore, is that correct and if that is correct do you see that being the means for lower tertiary development, is that going to be one of the keys, do you think going forward?
Martin Craighead: I think it will be for HPHT ballistic devices in terms of blasting caps and so forth in HPHT environments if you can go with a different type of system its far superior. So I think its going to be a big contributor down there.
David Anderson  JPMorgan: Okay, great. Thank you.
Peter Ragauss: Youre welcome.
Martin Craighead: Thanks, Dave. Appreciate it. Larissa weve got time for one last question please.
Operator: Thank you. Our last question comes from Scott Gruber from Bernstein
Scott Gruber  Sanford C. Bernstein & Co.: Hi. Good morning. Just a quick question on the offshore market, clearly seeing the majors pushed down rig rates there, service companies never secured a whole lot of pricing power offshore post-recession. Are the majors coming to you guys demanding pricing concessions on any product lines?
Martin Craighead: No, no, I cant say they are. Certainly there is a quite a bit of discussion in the marketplace around all these drill ships and so forth that were coming in. I tell you the more the merrier from our side, Scott; just more platforms literally to work our folks. But in terms of as I highlighted earlier in one of the questions West Africa and the Gulf of Mexico in our market services we play from pressure pumping to all of the others, 70% of the spend in deepwater is between the Gulf of Mexico and West Africa, with Brazil and North Sea behind that and the least being Asia Pacific and the little bit in the Middle East. And if we look at those two big basins, or if you will regions, West Africa and the Gulf of Mexico our deep guys have told us that our customers are every bit as ambitious to carry out their projects through 2017. And in one particular conversation I had there is over 200 lower tertiary wells planned in the deepwater Gulf of Mexico alone between the key players and thats not I just dont see that going away.
Scott Gruber  Sanford C. Bernstein & Co.: And you highlighted in the previous response that the Gulf of Mexico was living up to your expectations from a volume standpoint. Is the rest of the offshore markets largely doing so as well?
Martin Craighead: All except our friends to the south. As I highlighted in our call we had some great performance we continue to in Brazil but the number of rigs working there on the drilling side have been shifted towards the production side, I expect and as well as I think some of the budget going on to land in Brazil I think that will come back later this year or early next year. But other than that Id say its every bit as we expected if not a little bit better.
Scott Gruber  Sanford C. Bernstein & Co.: Okay. Thats all from me, thanks.
Martin Craighead: Youre welcome.
Trey Clark: All right. Thank you. This concludes our earnings conference call for today. Larissa you can close out the call.
Operator: Thank you for participating in todays Baker Hughes Incorporated conference call. This call will be available for replay beginning at 11:30 a.m. Eastern, 10:30 a.m. Central and will be available through 11:30 p.m. Eastern time on May 1, 2014. The number for the replay is 888-843-7419 in the United States or 630-652-3042 for international calls, and the access code is 36529658. You may now disconnect. Thank you.

===== 2013 Q4  (2014-01-21 08:00:00) =====
Executives: Trey Clark - Vice President of Investor Relations Martin Craighead - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Peter Ragauss - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: James West - Barclays Jim Wicklund - Credit Suisse David Anderson - JPMorgan Scott Gruber - Bernstein Bill Sanchez - Howard Weil Ole Slorer - Morgan Stanley Bob Mackenzie - Iberia Capital Kurt Hallead - RBC Capital Markets
Operator: Hello. My name is Lorraine and I will be your conference facilitator. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Baker Hughes Fourth Quarter 2013 Earnings Conference Call. (Operator Instructions) I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Trey Clark, Vice President of Investor Relations. Sir, you may proceed.
Trey Clark: Thank you, Lorraine. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to the Baker Hughes fourth quarter 2013 earnings conference call. Here with me today is our Chairman and CEO, Martin Craighead; and Peter Ragauss, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Today's presentation and earnings release that was issued earlier today can be found on our website at bakerhughes.com. As a reminder, during the course of this conference call, we will provide predictions, forecasts and other forward-looking statements. Although they reflect our current expectations, these statements are not guarantees of future performance, but involve a number of risks and assumptions. We urge you to review our SEC filings for a discussion of some of the factors that could cause the actual results to differ materially. Also, a reconciliation of operating profit and other non-GAAP measures to GAAP results can be found on our earnings release and on our website at bakerhughes.com under the Investor Relations section. And with that, I'll turn the call over to Martin Craighead. Martin?
Martin Craighead: Thanks, Trey, and good morning. I'll begin my remarks with a brief review of our 2013 results. We ended 2013 with revenue of $22.4 billion, which is a record for Baker Hughes. Our revenue growth in 2013 was almost entirely driven by the Eastern Hemisphere, though we continue to build critical mass in a variety of key markets, particularly Africa, the Middle East and Russia Caspian. The Western Hemisphere was marked by activity declines in several markets, particularly United States, Brazil and Mexico, where rig counts and well counts are below 2012 levels. In Latin America, we adjusted and realigned our business to account for lower activity levels. And as such, we were able to exceed our margin objectives for the fourth quarter. Furthermore, the actions we've taken and the steps we continue to take will position this segment for better profitability going forward. In North America, the ongoing overhaul of our U.S. Pressure Pumping business continues to gain momentum. As such, we saw margins increase in all four quarters last year and we expect this to continue. Outside of Pressure Pumping, our other product lines posted solid results, particularly our Completion Systems, Artificial Lifts and Upstream Chemicals. An unexpected operational challenge occurred last year in the fourth quarter when our Iraq business experienced a significant disruption, resulting in a complete shutdown of our operations. We took immediate action to ensure the safety of our people, and I'm thankful to local authorities and our customers who provided assistance. With additional security measures in place, we were able to resume activities by the end of September. The short-term losses in Iraq are disappointing, but the wellbeing of our people will always precedence. Our Middle East Asia-Pacific operation progressed very well in 2013, Iraq disruptions notwithstanding. Revenue in this region grew 24% over the prior year and margins expanded from 10% into the mid-teens. 2013 also saw the rapid growth of several important young technologies. The AutoTrak Curve rotary steerable drilling service, Talon PDC drill bits and FracPoint sliding-free systems are few of the meaningful contributors to the efficiency gains our customers are achieving in the North American shale plays. We're also driving efficiencies in off-shore markets with technologies such as multizone, single-trip completion system and coiled-tubing drilling services. We once again increased our research and development investment in 2013, expanding our core services to include critical capability and emerging technology. SureTrak steerable drilling liner service, Rhino Bifuel pumping technology and FLEX pump ESPs are just the samples of the 129 new products and services commercially launched in 2013. We also grew our expertise in reservoir development via new relationships with CGG. And we saw early success with our JewelSuite reservoir modeling software, including a significant software license and joint product development agreement with Shell in the third quarter. At the same time, we are leveraging these capabilities to secure long-term field management projects, including wins on the Soledad project in Mexico and the DAT field in Malaysia. Turning to financial performance, our key priorities for 2013 was to improve free cash flow to allow us greater flexibility to improve shareholder returns. I'm pleased with our results so far. Through a disciplined approach to capital expenditures and a number of actions to reduce working capital, we saw a significant improvement. In fact, last year, we generated the highest free cash flow in the history of Baker Hughes. And based on our positive outlook for the future, during the fourth quarter, we repurchased $350 million of shares on the open market. At the same time, we reduced our debt and increased cash, ending the year with a stronger balance sheet. Later in today's call, I'll share my outlook for our business and why I'm very optimistic about the coming years for Baker Hughes. But first, let me turn it over to Peter for additional details on the quarter and our guidance on the near-term. Peter?
Peter Ragauss: Thanks, Martin, and good morning. Today, we reported adjusted net income for the fourth quarter of $277 million or $0.62 per share. Adjusted net income excludes $29 million in after-tax several cost or $0.06 per share. However, adjusted net income increased before an after-tax losses of $79 million or $0.18 per share in Iraq. The loss in Iraq is primarily related to the significant disruption of operations previously highlighted during the quarter, expenses associated with personnel movements and security measures and other non-operating items. As Martin mentioned, we resumed operations in Iraq by the end of the year. On a GAAP basis, net income attributable to Baker Hughes for the fourth quarter was $248 million or $0.56 per share. Revenue for the fourth quarter was $5.86 billion, a third consecutive record quarter for Baker Hughes. Compared with the same quarter last year, revenue is up $535 million or 10% despite the loss of revenue in Iraq. Adjusted EBITDA for the fourth quarter was $955 million. For the full year, as Martin highlighted, we posted a record revenue of $22.36 billion, which is up 5% or $1 billion from the prior year. This work is primarily driven by our international operations in the Eastern Hemisphere. Adjusted EBITDA for the year was $3.7 billion and adjusted net income was $1.17 billion or $2.62 per share. On a GAAP basis, net income for the year was $1.1 billion or $2.47 per share. For helping your understanding of the quarter's results of this last quarter's earnings per share for this quarter, in the third quarter we posted GAAP net income of $0.77 per share, plus added back $0.04 for severance costs which were highlighted in the third quarter. That brings us to the third quarter adjusted EPS of $0.81. Next add back $0.09 for bad debt reserves recognized in Latin America in the third quarter. Moving to the fourth quarter, subtract $0.08 for North America operations due to weather delays and holiday seasonality in United States, unfavorable product mix in the Gulf of Mexico and activity weakness in Canada. Add $0.05 for Latin America, as our actions strengthened profitability or executed as planned and benefited from strong activity and product sales in Argentina and Colombia. Add $0.01 for Eastern Hemisphere operations were strong year-end product sales in Asia-Pacific and (inaudible) offset by activity delays in the North Sea due to increment weather along with mobilization costs associated with new contracts in Africa. Subtract $0.03 for corporate expenses and subtract $0.05 for higher taxes and interest. Income taxes increased primarily due to geographic mix of sales. At this point, our earnings per share would have been $0.80. Next, subtract $0.18 for the after-tax loss in Iraq, as previously highlighted. That brings us to adjusted earnings per share of $0.62 this quarter. To get to GAAP earnings per share of $0.56, subtract another $0.06 for $29 million in after-tax severance cost. On Table 5 of our earnings release, we provided adjusted financial information excluding the impact of the severance cost. From this point on in the conference call, any comments on revenue, operating profit and operating profit margin, refer explicitly to Table 5 in our earnings release unless otherwise stated. Taking a closer look at our results from operations, revenue in North America was $2.74 billion, down $110 million or 4% sequentially. North American adjusted operating profit was $241 million, down $54 million sequentially. In our U.S. onshore business, revenue was down due to seasonal activity reductions during the holiday period along with unusually cold weather in the Southern and Western areas of United States in November and December. In the Gulf of Mexico, revenue and margins declined sequentially due to an unfavorable mix of sales, weather delays associated with Tropical Storm Karen and the delay of several deepwater stimulation projects until 2014. Canada, a decline in oil-directed rig count and associated well count resulted in a decline in operating margins for this DA market. The profitability impacted the revenue reduction in North America was partially offset by improved profit margins in our U.S. Pressure Pumping business and continued growth in our Artificial Lift business. Moving to international results, we posted record revenue of $2.77 billion, up $165 million or 6% versus the prior quarter and up $299 million or 12% compared to a year ago. Excluding costs associated with Iraq in the fourth quarter and bad debt charges recognized in Latin America in prior period, international operating profit increased to a record $406 million, up $42 million or 12% sequentially. Compared to the same quarter of 2012, operating profit increased by $81 million or 25%. Our Middle East/Asia-Pacific segment delivered record revenue for the quarter despite the Iraq disruption. This record performance can be attributed to increased product sales in Asia-Pacific and Arabian Gulf. Additionally, we benefited from strong activity in Australia and Vietnam. If not for the Iraq disruption and other non-recurring costs, our Middle East/Asia-Pacific segment would have generated operating profit margins of approximately 15%, which is similar to the prior quarter and/or 500 basis points higher when compared to the same quarter of last year. Much of the year-over-year profit improvement can be attributed to our Asia-Pacific operations, where ongoing initiatives to improve profitability are taking hold. In our Europe, Africa, Russia Caspian segment, a reduction of high-margin revenue in the North Sea, resulting from weather delays was more than offset by lower-margin product sales in Russia Caspian and Africa, as well as higher activity in Continental Europe. As a result of this unfavorable geographic mix and mobilization costs associated with new projects in Africa, operating profit margins declined by 200 basis points sequentially despite an increase in revenue of $62 million. In Latin America, strong service activity and product sales in Argentina, Colombia and Ecuador resulted in revenues of $603 million, up $46 million or 8% sequentially. Excluding bad debt in the third quarter, operating profit increased $33 million or 87% from the previous quarter. These strong incremental profits were driven in part by the increased revenue, but more importantly by a sizeable reduction in cost following the restructuring of our business to match current market conditions. Overall operating profit margins were 11.8%, an increase of 490 basis points sequentially. For our Industrial Services segment, we posted record revenue of $346 million, up $18 million sequentially. Operating profit was $35 million and operating profit margin was 10%. Looking at the balance sheet, during the quarter, we generated $649 million of free cash flow and ended the quarter with a cash balance of $1.4 billion or an increase of $31 million sequentially. Our strong free cash flow was supported by $280 million reduction in accounts receivable and inventory. The reduction in working capital was a result of new sustainable processes that were put in place during the year. As a result, over the course of 2013, we reduced our cash conversion cycle by 18 days. We generated $1.5 billion in free cash flow, a record for Baker Hughes. And we plan to carry this momentum forward into 2014. Total debt decreased to $194 million during the quarter to $4.4 billion, and we ended the year with a total debt-to-capital ratio of 19.7%. Capital expenditures for the quarter were $533 million. For the year, capital expenditures totaled $2.1 billion, down $122 million or 28% from 2012. And finally, as previously announced, we repurchased 6.3 million shares on the open market during the fourth quarter totaling $350 million. Now, let me provide you with our guidance for 2014. For North America, we project a modest increase in onshore activity, driven by continued improvement in drilling efficiencies and incremental deepwater rigs entering the Gulf of Mexico. For U.S. onshore, we anticipate that the rig count will be essentially flat compared to last year to a final 2014 exit rate of 1,710 rigs composed of approximately 1,350 oil rigs and 360 gas rigs. Despite the flat rig count forecast as a result of continued drilling efficiencies, we anticipate that the U.S. onshore well count will increase 5% compared to last year. U.S. offshore rig count is expected to increase 5% to 60 rigs in 2014. In Canada, the first quarter rig count is projected to reach peak levels for the year with 550 average rigs, including 180 gas rigs and 370 oil rigs. This will be slightly above the average rig count from the first quarter of 2013, driven by a 35% increase in gas-directed rigs and offset by a 5% reduction in oil-directed rigs. The average Canadian rig count for 2014 is expected to be 370 rigs, a 5% increase compared to 2013. Regarding our operations in North America, with the holidays period behind us and presumably no significant weather-related delays, we expect our first quarter 2014 North America profit margins to recover at least 150 basis points. Looking internationally, we are projecting a solid increase in market growth in the coming year. The average rig count is anticipated to grow to 1,430 rigs in 2014 backed by the Middle East/Asia-Pacific and Africa. This growth represented 10% increase in the international rig count. Consistent with the years past, we expect that each of our international operating segments will see a slight reduction in revenue and margins during the first quarter due to year-end product sales that do not repeat, as well as normal winter seasonality in Russia and Northern Asia. Industrial Services activity is expected to drop in the first quarter due to typical seasonal declines in our Process and Pipeline Services business with results expected to look similar to the first quarter of last year. To summarize, we expect a seasonal decline of our international and industrial segments will be offset by increased profitability in North America. As a result, earnings for the first quarter should be slightly up when compared to fourth quarter adjusted earnings when we exclude the impact of Iraq. For the full year 2014, interest expense is expected to be between $240 million and $250 million. Corporate costs are expected to be between $260 million and $270 million. Depreciation and amortization expense is expected to be between $1.8 billion and $1.9 billion. Capital expenditures for the year are expected to be about $2 billion. And finally, our 2014 effective tax rate is expected to between 32% and 33%. At this point, I will now turn the call back over to Martin. Martin?
Martin Craighead: Thanks. As Peter just highlighted, based on a solid growth in rig counts and well counts and a growing demand for technology-driven well construction and production solutions, the outlook for Baker Hughes this year is very good. Let me share a few examples of where we are starting to see differential market traction with key customers around the world, starting with our Europe, Africa, Russia Caspian business. The offshore markets in Europe, West Africa and the Caspian play very well to our strength in delivering highly reliable and highly innovative well construction solutions. A year ago in Norway, we mobilized for one of the largest drilling services contracts in the history of our industry. And today, I'm pleased to announce another win in the North Sea of similar magnitude. In the fourth quarter, Statoil awarded Baker Hughes a major multiyear contract for the provision on completion services in Norway. This award covers the majority of Statoil's fields and represents a significant increase for our completion of the business in Norway, solidifying our position as the market leader for completions systems in the North Sea. Our Middle East/Asia-Pacific business is our fastest growing segment in the world. In 2013, it grew 24% over the prior year to become our largest international segment. Based on our forecast of strong rig count growth across the region and recent strategic wins, we expect this trend will continue in 2014. Late last year, we announced that Baker Hughes and PETRONAS Carigali entered into a long-term oilfield service agreement to increase production in the Greater D18 field. We began mobilization during the fourth quarter. And today, we are drilling the first of several appraisal wells. In Australia, we are expanding our share in the growing deepwater market. During the fourth quarter, we were awarded a three-year contract to provide wireline and drilling services to a large Australian independent. Middle East and Asia-Pacific have evolved into an opportunity-rich area more so today than I can ever remember. Accordingly, we will respond to these growing opportunities that best match our strength. Turning to Latin America, I would describe this region as our most improved segment. We took a number of actions during the second half of the year to improve profitability and reduce risk. Looking ahead, we expect to continue increasing margins in this segment. And our plan to improve profitability in Latin America is not predicated upon more revenue. In fact, it's probable that our revenue in Latin America will remain flat this year as we reduce our exposure to markets where activity is uncertain and collections are doubtful. We will replace those reductions with other opportunities in the region, which provide lower risk and higher margins. The result will be less working capital and a more stable mix of business going forward. One area where we intend to grow is in the geomarket. Last quarter, we were awarded multiple contracts to provide well construction services for a major development campaign over the next three years in a Colombian foot hills. This was one of the most challenging onshore drilling environments in Latin American and involves very deep, highly deviated wells and extremely complex formations. This environment fits our portfolio and capabilities perfectly. Also during the fourth quarter, we mobilized for our new exploration and development contract in the Soledad field of Mexico. This begins a 35-year production enhancement agreement, leveraging our success on the neighboring (inaudible) field, where we'll use new technologies and project management capabilities to triple production in less than four years. Overall, international operations are expected to continue solid, profitable growth in 2014, as recent contract wins take hold and the demand for high-end technology and reliable products and services continues to grow. Turning to North America, this is the segment where we have strong potential to accelerate earnings through the introduction and integration of new technologies and improved efficiencies. Drill Bits, Drilling Services, Upstream Chemicals, Artificial Lift and Completion Systems all performed exceptionally well in 2013, leveraging innovative new products to enhance shale production. And in my opinion, there're still tremendous opportunities for companies like Baker Hughes when it comes to the development of new technologies and methodologies that will drive the next phase of drilling and production efficiencies. Innovation, entrepreneurialism and experimentation are some of the hallmarks of the North American shale revolution and it created a rich set of service options. Optimizing production from shale is not a one-size-fits-all operation. It requires a portfolio of capabilities to provide basin-specific and well-specific customization. We believe our customer community within the unconventional plays will increasingly require products and services that not only drive efficiency, but more importantly enable them to improve initial production rates and their EURs per well. FracPoint and OptiPort were purpose-built for the North American shale plays. [ph] Slide increase products like these were designed to reduce the time to complete a well and maximize production. Today, [ph] slide increase systems are used on about 30% of all unconventional wells, helping our customers cut days off the time to complete a well. Yet, for many North American customers, the traditional plug and perf remains the completion method of choice. This is the same method used to complete some of the early shale wells. And yet, this is a method that hasn't evolved much since the beginning of the shale revolution. Last year, we assembled a team of completion experts, many of the same experts who developed FracPoint and OptiPort and passed them with developing a new innovative product, one that's delivered improved efficiency for the plug and perf market. And today, I'm pleased to announce that we are launching a new technology that represents a step change in plug and perf operations. It's a technology we call Shadow Plug, a newly designed large bore isolation device, which incorporates an IN-Tallic frac ball, the same disintegrating material we developed for our FracPoint system. Now, as shown in these images, the Shadow Plug is set, the well is perforated and then the well is stimulated. Once the well stimulation is complete, the ball disintegrates away, leaving behind a large flow-through ID ready for production and eliminating the need to mill out the plugs. This latest innovation is a further extension of our nanotechnology suite. And from a customer perspective, this technology provides a number of advantages such as the elimination of costly milling time, reduced cost and time phase to complete a well and the ability to reach longer laterals beyond the current limitations of coiled-tubing. And all of these advantages allow our customers to bring their well on production even sooner. Now we've been field-testing Shadow Plug with a handful of select customers for several months now. And based on the early success of this technology, we are accelerating the commercial launch of this product during the first quarter, providing a revolutionary enhancement for customers using traditional plug and perf. The Shadow Plug is the first in a series of products targeted to advance our entire portfolio of unconventional multi-stage completions. This service integration concept is being proven with our ProductionWave solution launched last year. ProductionWave is a family of services tailored to boost production and reduce lifting cost in unconventional wells. It incorporates artificial lift, production chemicals and remote monitoring technologies to create a more effective alternative to traditional rod lift hardware. And I'm pleased to report remarkable market response to our ProductionWave service. In the first six months since launch, sales have been very strong with installations in every major U.S. basin. Of these new installations, more than half were installed on wells where rod lifts have previously been the only artificial lift system available. Our customers are benefiting from increased production rates, while avoiding the high costs associated with rod lift change-outs. And by integrating real-time monitoring capabilities, ProductionWave provides our customers with critical real-time production data, which is used to maximize initial production rates and their EURs. We are forecasting continued strong demand for ProductionWave, especially in fields that produce high gas content, which could be problematic for rod lift systems. Interestingly and to that point, for the first time last quarter, we installed the ProductionWave system for a customer who previously used gas lift systems in their fields exclusively. In North America and internationally, we will continue to innovate and integrate service combinations like ProductionWave and Shadow Plug, which is specifically a direct tree of the industry's key objectives to reduce well complexity, optimized drilling efficiency and improved ultimate recovery. Innovation is the corner stone of our strategy to create long-term shareholder value. At the same time and equally important, we remain a 100% focused on the near-term, improving the quality of our earnings, remaining capital disciplined and generating free cash flows. And with that, Trey, let's turn it over for some questions.
Trey Clark: Thanks, Martin. At this point, I'll ask the operator to open the lines for your questions. To give everyone a fair chance to ask questions, we ask that you limit yourself to a single question and one related follow-up. Lorraine, can we have the first question please?
Operator: And our first question comes from James West from Barclays.
James West - Barclays: So Martin, Peter, free cash flow generation, really impressive, and this will get focus going forward both in capital discipline and keeping working capital down. Was there anything in '13 that was a one-off or some type of catch-up, which makes it harder to achieve this level of cash flow generation going forward or is it a level relative to how do you look at it that we should think about in '14?
Martin Craighead: Thanks for recognizing that, James. We put a lot of hard work into working capital, particularly this year. I wouldn't say anything as a one-off. In fact, we'd probably set a new baseline in some of our days outstanding whether it's DSOs or days payable. And we put a big focus on it this year. We put in some new processes, particularly around billing and invoicing that helped our receivable reduction in particular. So I think there's probably more to do on the receivable side going into 2014. So I wouldn't expect we'd take a decreasing working capital in 2014, but some decreasing in sort of the days sales outstanding. But I got to commend the teams, because we put some stretched targets out there and they exceeded every one of them. So they did a very good job in 2013.
James West - Barclays: Perhaps a little bit of unrelated follow-up here. Martin, you made the comment about your North American Pressure Pumping business, four quarters in a row of improved profitability. At this point, are we firmly profitable in that area, or is there still a lot more room to go, is there still a lot more upside in North American margins as a result of that?
Martin Craighead: James, I don't want to comment on a particular product line. Profitability performance, I'll tell you that I don't think we're on the fairway yet and we have a lot of opportunity to center this business relative to the market. As we've laid out in the past a really, really solid plan, great metrics, milestones. Plans are working. I mean no one wants to go faster than I do. We're getting there. You know what to do. And I'm very confident, but I'd like to avoid the profitability answer.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Jim Wicklund from Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
Jim Wicklund - Credit Suisse: Impressive across the board. Martin, you talk about mobilizing for a project in Africa. Can you talk to us a little bit about West Africa overall, what project this might be, but overall, how West Africa should play out this year and next year?
Martin Craighead: Yeah, absolutely. So, Jim, you've been, like a lot of the other listeners, have been with us for quite a while. And seven, eight years, five years ago, we had some challenges in a couple of countries in West Africa. I think one of our customers, you guys stuck with us, and it's starting to pay off dividends. We've been winning some nice contracts. Our brand is much stronger than it's ever been, both with the national oil companies, well, it's always been strong with the IOCs, but we've made a lot of nice gains. And our customers are having good geological success. I'm very optimistic the pre-salt stretch across that region. Our completions business is exceptionally strong. The drilling business is strong. It's a nice mix of both NOCs as well as IOCs and even some European independents. So I'm very optimistic on that part. And I would say of all Africa, while East Africa was certainly a story in '12 and '13 and will into '14, I think West Africa will be more of a story in '14 and '15.
Jim Wicklund - Credit Suisse: My follow-up is with Mexico, you mentioned the Soledad project in Mexico. With the recent change in the Mexican constitution, there's some thought that while mega tenders as opposed to an open and awarded, the actual implementation may be delayed, because it may not (inaudible) running that field in a couple of quarters. Has the outlook on Mexican activity for the industry and for Baker Hughes changed with the change in the constitution?
Martin Craighead: I don't think the activity plans have changed, Jim. I think it's a very good question, because I think what changes the uncertainty has gotten greater. And you're right, there's definitely an appetite, I think, on the side of our customer down there to decide what exactly they want to fund and what they don't. I'm hoping if you're not going to getting the cash flows. So there's this high degree of uncertainty. We're trying to figure it out. We like the projects that were recently tendered. We did what we felt was an appropriate number. We weren't successful. I'm disappointed we were unsuccessful, but I'm not disappointed in how we tendered it. These are still long-term turnkey contracts and albeit Iraq or Mexico and some of these places, there's a lot of risk associated on the service company size. But I think we've tried to be a bit more prudent and with a measured outlook of how to go after these, again, as you kind of highlight, within the context of the uncertainty right there.
Operator: And our next question comes from David Anderson from JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
David Anderson - JPMorgan: I was curious about your guidance for the first quarter. It sounded like you'd like to run 10% margins. As you're thinking about 2014 in your base case, how are you thinking about margin expansion through year-end? I'm particularly interested in kind of how much margin you're thinking about in terms of increased 24-hour work as far as if you could talk about that a little bit?
Martin Craighead: Let me say this. Our 24-hour work in the fourth quarter did contribute to the margin, albeit small expansion in the Pressure Pumping product line and it will continue to. Today, we set up around 55% and I expect to get somewhere into 70% by the end of next year, which I think it will probably stay at. If you couple the incremental gains in Pressure Pumping that we expect, a strengthening Gulf of Mexico outlook, particularly around the stimulation and completions in the second half of the year and a general increase in well counts, and this isn't the date out there, but we put it at around 5% or so, and a growing appetite for technology, because our customers, I think, are going to squeeze about the last drops out of the efficiency curve that they're going to get. And it's going to be about making better wells. I fully expect that we can get to the mid-teens by the second half of the year.
David Anderson - JPMorgan: So again that 5% forecast of the well count, I was curious how much of that, you think, has contributed to PAD drilling. I guess I'm just curious from your standpoint, you just look at the Eagle Ford and Bakken, how much of that work right now do you think is on PAD drilling today and where do you think that kind of trends throughout the year?
Martin Craighead: Okay. So in 2012 and '13, about half of the wells drilled were horizontal. In 2012, 40% of those were from a PAD based on our calculations and estimates. In 2013, it went up 50% to 60% of the horizontal wells were on PADs. Now you can't keep going up 50% every year. So I think on a multiple fronts, I don't care if it's the drilling, the completions, the PAD drilling, this efficiency curve is flat-lining for our customers. And you're not going to get every horizontal well off of a PAD. So if we sit at 60% today, let's say next year we may get to 80%, and I don't know how much more you can get past that.
David Anderson - JPMorgan: Yeah, those are industry numbers, those aren't your numbers, right?
Craighead: Yeah. That's what we estimate to be the industry, that's right.
David Anderson - JPMorgan: Peter, one last quick one. You were talking about the first quarter number for earnings. Can you just help us where the share count should be? I have it like around 440 million. Is that the right average or might be a little lower?
Peter Ragauss: Well, we bought back 6.3 million shares in Q4. So you're looking at 443 million, something like that as an average for Q1.
Operator: And our next question comes from Scott Gruber from Bernstein. Please go ahead.
Scott Gruber - Bernstein: How are you thinking about revenue growth potential in North America this year? There're several moving parts you mentioned, well count in U.S., which should be up 5%, actually driven by horizontals, 5% rig count growth in the Gulf and then Canada, where there's still a pricing headwind onshore? Putting all those together, where should we think about North American revenues coming up in the year, what type of growth should we expect?
Martin Craighead: Scott, I'm not going to quantify at this stage, prefer not to. But you touched on the drivers. And I think some of the drivers actually are missed and that's this technology side. There will be, I think, an increase in efficiency associated with the PAD. So we're going to get more revenue on a daily basis. And it will again, disconnect from the rig count a bit. There will be of course a strengthening off of Mexico. I think Canada is going to be pretty much flat year-on-year. But you're going to see whether it's the one I talked about today, the Shadow Plug, it sells at a premium and that premium is being tested upwards, not downwards, because of the value that it's providing. So the biases on revenue, to me, are all going in the right direction to the right. We did see some price slippage from three to four and you pretty much know what product line that was, but it was small. And frankly, I think there will may be even a little bit more price slippage into Q1 on that one particular product line. But other than that, I think most of the arrows are going in the right direction.
Scott Gruber - Bernstein: Could you at least say at this point if the outlook for revenue growth in the U.S. eclipsing that well count growth numbers, is there a high likelihood of that happening?
Martin Craighead: I would fully expect that to be the case, yes.
Scott Gruber - Bernstein: Okay. If I could just turn to international real quick, can you provide some color on which countries will be driving that 10% rig count growth number? And again, how you think your revenues will trend relative to that rig count growth?
Martin Craighead: As we posted pretty consistently, I expect that revenues in every region will outgrow the rig count. On a country basis, there may be some decisions made that go against that. But on a regional basis, I would fully expect that we'd do better than rig count. And from an international perspective, you look at this way, in Latin America, it's pretty much driven around the Andean belt. It's possible that the Southern count could be a surprise in 2014, a favorable surprise as in way it materialized so far. Certainly the Middle East led by Saudi, I think, will see a pretty good increase in rig count in Iraq. I'm not so sure frankly that that's got much more appetite for some of those contracts we're on right now. So I'm not so sure our revenue will average the pace of the rig count. And the Gulf region along with Saudi will be strong. I think Australia has got a pretty strong outlook. And given these will be flat, given the elections, I think places like Malaysia, Vietnam and even Myanmar are going to have a pretty sharp rig count growth from a percentage standpoint. And then as I mentioned to Jim earlier, I think West Africa is going to see a pretty strong increase on the rigs, whereas East will be relatively flat. So revenue is strong in those respective areas. And certainly I would expect, Iraq notwithstanding, us outpacing rig count in terms of revenue.
Operator: And our next question comes from Bill Sanchez from Howard Weil. Please go ahead.
Bill Sanchez - Howard Weil: I just wanted to circle back on the North American market commentary. I guess first quarter, we're looking up roughly 150 basis points. Beginning your second half outlook, I think you said mid-teens. Help us think about how we progressed, because 2Q I would expect with a Canadian breakup for markets to be down, which would then mean you get a pretty big leap to get to that kind of range for second half of the year. I was just hoping maybe you could reconcile that a little bit. You said you could be getting a mix here from the Gulf of Mexico. Perhaps you could talk a little bit about that as well, because I think in the prepared comments, you said we saw some mix issues in 4Q and also some push-backs and the like on the additional activity you had expected. So maybe just a little more color on that will be helpful.
Martin Craighead: Let's take the Pressure Pumping business. We haven't had any help from the market in improving those margins, right? Those are all self-help, albeit they were starting from maybe a more challenged positioned and fully expected that we would swim upstream. But we're going to continue to, because as I said earlier, we saw a lot more opportunity beginning and the middle of fairway. So that's a big part of it. And we don't need the market to help us. The Gulf of Mexico has got a pretty sharp up and down and it's trending in the right direction in terms of the rig mix and type of work that our customers will be calling out whether it's stimulation or completions. And when I say pretty sharp up and down, I mean it can have really strong incrementals and detrimentals, and I expect it to have incrementals given the way the market is unfolding. And back to the efficiencies outside of Pressure Pumping, on U.S. land with higher well count and an increase in overall activity, and then overall, Bill, I guess we're just going to have to be a little more efficient in the way our resources in North America to hit some stronger incrementals than we have in the past. So yeah, you're right, Q2 go down because of Canada. But with what we have to do and what we know we're going to do, I'm confident that we'll get to the mid-teens.
Bill Sanchez - Howard Weil: One more, Peter, just for you. As we think about 1Q, I guess a couple of things. I know you talked about the year-end product sales falling off. We think revenues and margins are down. I was wondering just Latin America, Middle East specifically, relatively speaking, should be less impactful perhaps on the margin side just given the kind of the self-help initiatives you've put in place in Latin America, maybe offsetting some of those product sales and just trying to think about what the rack snapping back. I'm assuming the revenue loss was probably pretty similar to the overall after-tax loss, given very high detrimentals on that work should that revenue line frankly hold in a little bit better as we see that Iraq revenue offsetting some of these product losses?
Peter Ragauss: Yeah, let me just talk about Iraq for a second. We're on all the rigs that we run prior to the disruption. So that's the good news. Not all those rigs are operating at full efficiency yet, because you can imagine when you drop rigs quickly, you've got some repair work to do. So we're going to do some of that in Q1. So we're not on full revenue yet in Iraq, but we're almost there. But I think the better way to think about the Q1 drop-off is international revenues went up about $165 million Q3 to Q4. I think you can expect us to give most of that back in the Q1, because our year-end product sales were actually probably higher than normal than this year. So that's the overall international outlook. And that includes Iraq coming back. So quite a big drop off in product sales from Q4 to Q1. That's across the board in the regions.
Bill Sanchez - Howard Weil: Anything Latin America-specific that's helpful to you here, 4Q to 1Q comparison?
Peter Ragauss: I think you'll see a pretty significant decline in revenues in Latin America in Q1.
Martin Craighead: Peter is right in terms of the revenue, but we would expect in Latin America the margin to hold in there against some of the cost control measures we've put in place. And the mix of those revenues, while smaller, will be better. So Latin America is, as I said, forecasted and predicated on a whole lot of revenue that doesn't contribute margins. We're not going to do that.
Operator: And our next question comes from Ole Slorer from Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Ole Slorer - Morgan Stanley: You're giving a fair amount of color on the first quarter, but it's still a tricky question to model correctly, given all the moving parts. You highlighted that excluding Iraq the seasonal improvement in Canada should compensate for some of the lack of product sales. That suggests kind of something in the low, would that be a fair way of thinking about it?
Martin Craighead: I think that's pretty much what I said on the guidance that it'd be a little bit up on Q4.
Ole Slorer - Morgan Stanley: And you'd call that Q4 of $0.80 if you make the adjustments you suggested, right?
Martin Craighead: Yeah, pretty much.
Ole Slorer - Morgan Stanley: Secondly, you're sort of seeing some signs in your drilling market that letters of intent, particularly in West Africa are taking longer time than the normal to convert from LOIs to firm contracts and maybe particularly in Nigeria. And I wonder whether you could offer your views on whether there's anything particular in West Africa this time around which makes approval processes to start contracts assuming that this affects also completion and drilling and all the rest of it compared to what you've seen in other years?
Martin Craighead: I just got back from there. And I'm very optimistic in terms of the way the Nigerian market is unfolding in particular, since you highlight that. I did not hear from a lot of customers and our folks of course. I mean there's always frustrations of course on multiple fronts like there is in any country. But I'll tell you the takeaway for Nigeria for me was the emergence of a whole new operator class independents. Nigerian owned and operated, very straight forward to deal with, independents of the government restrictions around having a PSE or out of tendering rules, it reminds me frankly of a North American independent mentality, very capital disciplined, but ambitious, high risk curve in terms of growing. And it's very refreshing for the country. And some of the best talent is working for these independent Nigerian companies. And like a lot of independents' appetite for technology talk with us and I'm sure our competitors, but getting after it. So I'm not aware of any delays that are unique or emerging, but it very well could be, but I didn't hear of any.
Ole Slorer - Morgan Stanley: Yeah, the conversion delays seem to be more to do with the IOCs and some of the projects there, particularly in deepwater, but it could be matter-driven, but relatively imminent stock belt, all the service work would have been also tendered at this point and particularly won your fair share, given your historic strength in Nigeria. Well, thanks for that and to clarify. There was nothing unusual going on there. Sure, thank you.
Operator: And our next question comes from Bob Mackenzie from Iberia Capital. Please go ahead.
Bob Mackenzie - Iberia Capital: I wanted to hit back on North American margins. And I guess I want to understand a little bit better whether you still think there's no structural difference between yourself and some of the other peers that are currently on mid to high-teens margins? I understand the guidance you gave for the back half of the year, being what it is. But let me hear some more detail on how you think you get there? Is it really the customer initiatives? What are the moving pieces there to get you there?
Martin Craighead: Well, I'm kind of strapped out in terms of what I'm going to say on this. Bob, I'm sorry. I mean I've gone through it. I don't want to provide any more color. As to a structural difference, are we all exactly portfolio lineup, no, neither by product line or even geography. We have some businesses that I wouldn't want to call them an annuity, so just chemicals, for example, where we have a substantial business that I guess you could possibly look at it as one favorably being disconnected from well count and rig count, that's for sure, probably most disconnected, but it's also the most predictable and consistent. And that might give us a bit of the lower margin at the end of the day. So it's structural, I don't know. As to the other aspects, I think I had adequately explained how we plan to get there.
Bob Mackenzie - Iberia Capital: Let me ask you another way. You highlighted the Shadow Plug, which is a niche competitive offering out there, but it's something that strikes us as really interesting in addition to your new lift solutions for U.S. land. Arguably those are young, but the uplift from that technology option I would think would be a material contributor, wouldn't it?
Martin Craighead: It is. We took out of the prepared script the number of installations. And I wish I could tell you, but I am not going to. Let me just tell you, it's in the hundreds. It exceeded my expectation. It's amazing, the ProductionWave installations. And offline a little bit, we even installed one in Wytch Farm in the UK. The customer is pulling over there. It's really taking off. As to this Shadow Plug, let me really quickly tell you that the other competitor falls well short on two fronts. One, it probably can't spell nanotechnology and certainly doesn't have the material science experts and scientists that we do. And so there is no other dissolving ball on a plug and perf scenario. Second, they don't have a full bore opening capability. And that's the big issue. So we think about the proposition is significant. I can't quantify right now the size of the plug and perf market. But what's exciting is we have the full range. So if there's a customer that just has a bias towards plug and perf, no problem, we can handle that. And to be able to sit down and have that conversation or if it's a sliding sleeve or it's OptiPort, there's no other completions company in North America that has the portfolio and we're just getting started in terms of changing these technologies and revolutionizing them like we are on artificial lift and plug and perf. So I'm pretty optimistic.
Bob Mackenzie - Iberia Capital: You said your revenue would exceed the rig count growth in all geographic regions. I think that was internationally. Would you say that also applies to your 5% well count estimate for North America?
Martin Craighead: Yes, we did state that. We should have seen the 5% well count in North America in terms of revenue growth.
Operator: And our last question will come from Kurt Hallead from RBC Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Kurt Hallead - RBC Capital Markets: You guys provided a lot of good color, commentary and insights on progression for 2014. So I just wanted to kind of walk through this just one more time. If we look at the relative revenue growth rates in 2014 versus 2013, I would assume that Middle East, Far East would be the highest growing region and I would assume that we have a possibility of replicating the kind of growth rate and revenues in '14 that you had '13. So maybe we can start with that? Is that a fair assumption on my part with respect to Middle East, Far East revenue growth year-on-year.
Peter Ragauss: Yeah, we would expect the Middle East specific region to have the highest growth in the double-digits in 2014 versus 2013.
Kurt Hallead - RBC Capital Markets: And then when you look at Europe, Russia, Africa, Latin America will be behind Middle East/Asia-Pac, which one of those two would come in next?
Martin Craighead: Europe, Africa, Russia Caspian would come in behind that, not far behind it. And I would say Latin America, given the Brazil turnover and all that, we had a lot of that work in the first half of 2013 that's not going to repeat in 2014. So Latin America is actually going to challenged from rig count, which I think clarification we need to make here. We expect some growth in some of our key markets, but that Brazil shadow was going to way on 2014 versus 2013 results.
Kurt Hallead - RBC Capital Markets: And then if I heard you correctly, Peter, Europe, Russia, Africa, do you think that's going to be double-digit revenue growth year-on-year '14 versus '13?
Peter Ragauss: Yes.
Kurt Hallead - RBC Capital Markets: In terms of margin improvement year-on-year in the international region, where would you expect to have the highest, sort of the best margin improvement and where would you think would be relatively released?
Peter Ragauss: Well, in terms of overall OP dollars, I think that'd be spread pretty evenly. We're taking a lot of cost out of each region and I don't think there's any one that stands out above the others in terms of OP dollar progression between 2013 and 2014. They all should be up a decent amount.
Kurt Hallead - RBC Capital Markets: I guess when you look at operating market percentage with Latin America at 8% in 2013, I guess I was just trying to get a sense as to whether or not Latin America would show the highest relative market percentage improvement year-on-year vis--vis the other two?
Martin Craighead: Yes, it would. From that perspective, yes it would.
Operator: Thank you and thank you for participating in today's Baker Hughes Incorporated Conference Call. This call will be available for replay beginning at 10:30 AM Eastern Time, 9:30 AM Central Time and will be available through 11:30 PM Eastern Time on February 4, 2014. The number for replay is 888-843-7419 in the United States or 630-652-3042 for international calls. The access code is 36234681. You may now disconnect. Thank you for participating.

===== 2013 Q3  (2013-10-18 08:00:00) =====
Executives: Trey Clark - Vice President of Investor Relations Martin S. Craighead - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, President and Chairman of Executive Committee Peter A. Ragauss - Chief Financial Officer and Senior Vice President
Analysts: Byron K. Pope - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc., Research Division James C. West - Barclays Capital, Research Division William A. Herbert - Simmons & Company International, Research Division William Sanchez - Howard Weil Incorporated, Research Division John David Anderson - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Brad Handler - Jefferies LLC, Research Division Kurt Hallead - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division Ole H. Slorer - Morgan Stanley, Research Division
Operator: Hello. My name is Lorraine, and I will be your conference facilitator. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Baker Hughes Third Quarter 2013 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] I would now turn the conference over to Mr. Trey Clark, Vice President of Investor Relations. Sir, you may proceed.
Trey Clark: Thank you, Lorraine. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to the Baker Hughes Third Quarter 2013 Earnings Conference Call. Here with me today is our Chairman and CEO, Martin Craighead; and Peter Ragauss, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Today's presentation and earnings release that was issued earlier today can be found on our website at bakerhughes.com. As a reminder, during the course of this conference call, we will provide predictions, forecast and other forward-looking statements. Although they reflect our current expectations, these statements are not guarantees of future performance, but involve a number of risks and assumptions. We urge you to review our SEC filings for a discussion of some of the factors that could cause actual results to differ materially. Also, reconciliation of operating profit and other non-GAAP measures to GAAP results can be found on our earnings release and on our website at bakerhughes.com under the Investor Relations section. Lastly, I'd like to take a moment to announce the 2014 Baker Hughes Analyst Conference scheduled for May 8 and 9 in Houston. Further details on the agenda and how to register will be communicated in the coming weeks. And with that, I'll turn the call over to Martin Craighead. Martin?
Martin S. Craighead: Thanks, Trey, and good morning, everyone. I'd like to begin by sharing some highlights about how Baker Hughes performed during the third quarter. Today, we reported record revenue of $5.8 billion, an increase of more than 5% over the previous quarter, with record revenue in the United States, the Middle East/Asia Pacific, Africa, Russia Caspian and our Industrial segment. We're particularly pleased with the results of our Eastern Hemisphere operations, where our core business in the North Sea remained strong, and we are seeing solid growth in the Middle East, Africa, Russia and the Caspian. In addition to top line growth, we remain committed to improving the quality of our earnings. In Asia Pacific, we repositioned our business to capture profitable growth in key markets, such as China and Southeast Asia, resulting in strong margins from this region. In North America, we continue to execute our plan to improve operating efficiencies in our U.S. Pressure Pumping business, resulting in higher profitability for the third consecutive quarter. Also during the quarter, we continued the restructuring of our Latin American operation to better align with recent activity declines in Brazil and Mexico, leading to improved profitability. Our growth in earnings, along with a disciplined approach to capital allocation and ongoing initiatives to reduce working capital, generated an increase in free cash flow for the quarter. Later in today's call, I'll share a few examples of the products and services we are commercializing today that will shape the economics of tomorrow's oil and gas production and contribute to future earnings growth. But first, let me turn it over to Peter for additional details on the quarter and our guidance for the remainder of the year. Peter?
Peter A. Ragauss: Thanks, Martin, and good morning. Today, we reported adjusted net income for the third quarter of $358 million or $0.81 per share, up $0.27 per share sequentially. Adjusted net income excludes a $17 million after-tax severance charge or $0.04 per share related to restructuring in our Latin America operation. However, adjusted net income includes a $42 million or $0.09 per share after-tax reserve for bad debt in Latin America. On a GAAP basis, net income attributable to Baker Hughes for the third quarter was $341 million or $0.77 per share. Revenue for the third quarter was $5.8 billion, as Martin mentioned, a record for Baker Hughes, which is up $300 million or 5.5% compared to the previous quarter. Compared to the same quarter last year, revenue was up $432 million or 8.1%. Adjusted EBITDA for the third quarter was $1 billion, up 18.4% sequentially. To help in your understanding of the quarter's results, I'll bridge last quarter's earnings per share to this quarter. In the second quarter, we posted GAAP net income of $0.54 per share. First, add back $0.07 for bad debt reserves and inventory charges, which were highlighted in the second quarter. Next, add $0.10 for North America operations, driven primarily by the seasonal rebound in Canadian activity. Add another $0.10 for Eastern Hemisphere operations, where typical seasonal declines in Europe were more than offset by strong performance in every other region. Add $0.06 for Latin America as our actions to improve profitability are being executed as planned. And add $0.03 for lower taxes and other expenses. At this point, our earnings per share would have been $0.90. Next, subtract $0.09 for the $42 million reserve for bad debt in Latin America. That brings us to adjusted earnings per share of $0.81 this quarter. To get to GAAP earnings per share of $0.77, subtract another $0.04 for $17 million in after-tax severance cost in Latin America. In Table 5 of our earnings release, we provide adjusted financial information excluding the impact of the restructuring cost in Latin America. From this point on in the conference call, any comments on revenue, operating profit and operating profit margin refer explicitly to Table 5 in our earnings release unless otherwise stated. Taking a closer look at our results from operations. Revenue in North America was $2.9 billion, up $177 million or 6.6% sequentially. North America operating profit was $295 million or 10.3% for the quarter, up $84 million or 244 -- 245 basis points sequentially. This growth was achieved primarily due to the seasonal recovery in Canada, tempered by flooding in Alberta early in the quarter. Across North America, we saw record revenue for our Drilling Services, Completion Systems, Artificial Lift and Upstream Chemicals product lines. Additionally, we saw continued improvement in our U.S. Pressure Pumping business, where ongoing efforts to optimize asset utilization and well site efficiency continue. In the Gulf of Mexico, revenue declined slightly due to seasonal activity reductions during the hurricane season. The decline in activity was partially offset by a favorable mix of sales, including strong adoption of newly introduced wireline technologies for a number of deepwater clients. Moving to international results. We posted record revenue of $2.6 billion, up $111 million or 4.5% versus the prior quarter and up $312 million or 13.6% compared to 1 year ago. Excluding severance costs and bad debt reserves in Latin America, international operating profit amounted to a record $364 million, up $96 million or 36% sequentially. In the Eastern Hemisphere, we posted record revenue of $2 billion, a 6% increase sequentially and a 20% increase compared to the third quarter of last year. Profit margins increased 220 basis points sequentially and 450 basis points over last year to 15.9%, resulting in record operating profit of $326 million. Our Middle East/Asia Pacific segment led this growth with record revenue and operating profit for the quarter. This record performance can be attributed to share gains and increased activity for Drilling Services in China, Southeast Asia and the Arabian Gulf. Additionally, we benefited from the early delivery of a specialized completion systems in this segment, the type of product sales we would normally expect in the fourth quarter. Elsewhere in the Eastern Hemisphere, Russia Caspian delivered a record revenue and operating profit for the quarter as a result of strong completions product sales and continued growth in Drilling Services. Africa also saw good results, primarily driven by strong drill bit sales in North Africa and increased Completion Systems and Pressure Pumping activity in Nigeria. In Latin America, restructuring of our business to match current market conditions continued during the third quarter. Excluding these costs and reserves for bad debt, Latin America operating profit margins were 6.9%. For our Industrial Services segment, we posted record revenue of $328 million, up $12 million sequentially. Operating profit was $38 million, and operating profit margin was 11.6%. Increased revenues were primarily due to higher activity in our downstream chemicals business. Looking at the balance sheet. During the quarter, we generated $662 million of free cash flow and ended the quarter with a cash balance of $1.4 billion or a $245 million increase sequentially. Total debt decreased $334 million during the quarter to $4.6 billion. Currently, our total-debt-to-capital ratio is 20.3%. Capital expenditures for the quarter were $511 million, reduction of $40 million compared to the second quarter. Now let me provide you with our guidance for the fourth quarter. In the U.S., we project average rig and well counts to decline approximately 2.5% in the fourth quarter due to typical seasonal slowdowns around the holiday period. This is in contrast to last year's pronounced decline in rig count and well count of more than 5%. We anticipate that the fourth quarter onshore rig count for the U.S. will average 1,660 rigs comprised of 1,320 oil rigs and 340 gas rigs. This represents a decrease of about 45 rigs from the Q3 average and 25 rigs from our latest weekly rig count. The forecast for U.S. offshore rigs in the fourth quarter includes 58 active rigs, which remains unchanged from the third quarter. Total average annual U.S. rig count for 2013 is now projected to be 1,750 rigs, which represents a 9% reduction compared to 2012. However, based on the Baker Hughes Well Count, which was published last week, we estimate that the U.S. industry is now drilling about 6% more wells per rig compared to 2012. Therefore, the U.S. onshore well count is expected to only decline 3% compared to 2012. In Canada, the projected average rig count in the fourth quarter is 400 rigs. As a result, Canada's average annual rig count is now expected to be about 360 rigs or a 2% decrease compared to 2012. Sequentially, we expect Q4 North America revenues and profit margins will continue to improve. Slightly higher activity levels in Canada and improved operational efficiencies in our U.S. Pressure Pumping business are expected to more than offset the 2.5% decline in U.S. onshore activity during the quarter. Gulf of Mexico activity should remain strong, aside from a 1-week delay in activity due to Tropical Storm Karen earlier this month. Looking internationally, the rig count is anticipated to resume growth, after recent declines in the third quarter, to an average 2013 rig count of about 1,300 rigs, with the largest growth coming from Africa, Europe and the Middle East. Excluding Iraq and Syria, this represents a 5% increase in the annual international rig count. Regarding our international margins, we expect that our Europe/Africa/Russia Caspian segment revenue and margins should increase modestly in Q4, driven by stable activity and an increase in product sales typically experienced late in the quarter. As previously mentioned, our Middle East/Asia Pacific segment benefited in the third quarter from a large product delivery, which will not repeat in the fourth quarter. As a result, we do not project year-end product sales in this segment to increase sequentially as in years past. Therefore, we forecast revenues and margins to be flat to slightly up for the fourth quarter. And in Latin America, our fourth quarter guidance remains unchanged. Through efforts we are taking to restructure our business, margins should continue increasing to high-single digits by year's end. Industrial Services activity is expected to drop in the fourth quarter due to typical seasonal declines in our Process and Pipeline Services business, with results expected to look similar to the fourth quarter of last year. Also for the fourth quarter, interest expense is expected to be around $60 million, corporate costs are expected to be about $70 million, depreciation and amortization expense is expected to be around $430 million. Capital expenditures for the quarter are expected to be about $500 million, and finally, our 2013 full year effective tax rate is expected to be between 33% and 34%. At this point, I will now turn the call back over to Martin. Martin?
Martin S. Craighead: Thanks, Peter. Looking ahead, we remain focused on achieving long-term profitable growth by leveraging our culture of innovation. We continue to see strong demand for Baker Hughes' products and services on the world's most challenging oil and gas projects. From ultra-deepwater exploration to field management of mature assets, our operations are growing around the world. In Russia Caspian, for example, we have diversified our business to include both high-end product sales and a steady service business. Starting with the foundation of Completions and Artificial Lift sales, we are expanding our Drilling & Evaluation service lines. Today, we are providing drilling services on the highest number of rigs in the history of our Russia Caspian region. In Asia Pacific, our strategy to grow margins by focusing on key product lines in growing markets is paying off, and we intend to continue this momentum by targeting and winning work aligned to our strengths in this region. In Malaysia and Vietnam, we've grown our Drilling Services business and expanded wireline services to include high-pressure, high-temperature capabilities. In China, sales of our artificial lift and drill bits continues to grow. In Australia, our wireline services and Completion Systems businesses are expanding based on recent contract awards. And today, I'm pleased to announce that Baker Hughes and Petronas Carigali have entered into a long-term oilfield services agreement to enhance recoverable reserves and production of hydrocarbons in the Greater D18 field. This 23-year agreement is a result of a successful field development study and production enhancement campaign by our Reservoir Development Services and Integrated Operations groups. Beginning in the fourth quarter, this award will support continued growth in the region and complements our growing position in field management projects around the world. In Africa, we are seeing profitable growth across all product lines. In North Africa, we've seen a strong increase in drill bits sales following a newly won contract. And during the third quarter, we won a major 3-year tender in Algeria to provide wireline services. And in East Africa, we are mobilizing into Kenya to provide wireline services, pressure pumping, completion systems and drill bits for a series of contracts over the next 3 years. In Latin America, we are targeting and winning work which matches our strengths in well construction, well production and field management. In the third quarter, we were awarded a multiyear contract in Brazil to provide offshore well stimulation services. With this award Baker Hughes will operate half the stimulation vessels currently in-country, giving us a strong share position in this key deepwater market. Also in Brazil, we were awarded multiyear contracts for artificial lift and intelligent production systems. And in Mexico, we were awarded a multiyear contract to supply high-pressure, high-temperature completion systems, expanding our position in the southern area of this country. This complements our recent win in northern Mexico to provide field management services on the Soledad block beginning early next year. Overall, international operations are trending in the right direction and are expected to continue solid profitable growth in 2014 as recent contract wins take hold and the demand for high-end technology products and services continues to grow. Now turning to North America. As Peter mentioned, we continue to see record revenue across many of our product lines even though market activity is down compared to last year. This success can be attributed to the innovative products and services that Baker Hughes has introduced, which meaningfully improve the efficiency and economics of well construction and production for our customers. A good example is our Rhino Bifuel stimulation technology used in pressure pumping. This technology substitutes up to 70% of diesel with cleaner-burning natural gas. Demand for this service has exceeded our expectations, and to date, we have completed several dozen wells in several hundred stages, with full fleets of Rhino Bifuel using LNG transported to location. And during the third quarter, we achieved a significant milestone, frac-ing our first series of wells using line gas from the field, including 240 stages over 18 different wells in the Northeast and the Rockies. The use of line gas on these projects displaced more than 100,000 gallons of diesel. In addition to reducing emissions, it also eliminated several shipments of fuel to rural areas, achieving significant cost savings. We're also making strategic investments to improve sustainability. Baker Hughes is an established leader in water management, and demand for our H2prO service is building momentum across a number of basins, including the Permian, the Marcellus and the Eagle Ford. In September, we achieved a significant milestone by treating 5 million barrels of produced water in a single month for the first time ever. Strength in water management is also helping us to differentiate our Pressure Pumping business. This quarter, we successfully performed a hydraulic fracture stimulation in the Permian basin using 100% produced water. On this single project, H2prO technology prevented the consumption of more than 2 million gallons of potable water. Turning to the Gulf of Mexico, we are helping our customers push the limits in search of the great next discovery. During the quarter, we drilled the deepest well in the history of the Gulf of Mexico to a depth of 36,552 feet. Achieving this record required operating and extreme pressures over 30,000 psi and underscores our role as a leading provider of drilling services in the U.S. offshore market. Around the world, we are leveraging our strength in technology development to drive growth and profitability. Today, we continue to accelerate the pace of innovation by developing technologies to specifically address 3 of the industry's key challenges: increasing well complexity, optimizing drilling efficiency and improving ultimate recovery. Early this month, we announced the revolutionary new StayCool multidimensional cutter. This latest advancement in drill bit technology enables operators to drill faster and more cost-effectively by extending the cutter life and the footage per run, especially in difficult drilling environments. StayCool cutters have already drilled more than 300,000 feet in 90 runs for more than 20 customers throughout the U.S. In the Cana Woodford field of Oklahoma, this technology provided customers with a 10% improvement in the rate of penetration and a 37% improvement in total footage when drilling through hard interbedded formations. We're also seeing positive test results with our new FASTrak logging-while-drilling fluid sampling information pressure testing service. Although still in the initial phase of commercialization, FASTrak is already building a significant track record worldwide. This technology is helping customers improve their understanding of the reservoir's potential by capturing high-purity fluid samples while drilling. During the third quarter, FASTrak was successfully deployed in the U.K., the Gulf of Mexico, Australia and the UAE, with results exceeding expectations. Now on our last earnings call, we told you about a new breakthrough in artificial lift technology, our FLEX series electrical submersible pumps. FLEX pumps are designed to boost production across a wide range of flow rates, including low-flow applications historically serviced by simple rod lift technology. This quarter, we officially launched ProductionWave, a comprehensive suite of products and services specifically tailored towards production optimization in the unconventional market. ProductionWave solutions include combinations of FLEX pump technology, sand control products, chemical injection systems and real-time monitoring services, providing our customers with new field development options to address the specific challenges of wide -- of low-flow ranges, high-gas production and the typical paraffin, scale and frac sand production associated with unconventionals. In addition to achieving increased production rates, in some case, by as much as 35%, our customers are benefiting from lower installation and maintenance costs when compared to other artificial lift systems. ProductionWave and FLEX pump technology are already gaining traction in the U.S. unconventional market. In the very brief time since launch, we have installed 46 FLEX pumps in low-flow wells, where rod lift had previously been the only artificial lift option. Also during the third quarter, we signed a software license and joint product development agreement with Shell to develop a high-end capability for geological and reservoir modeling using our JewelEarth platform. This software platform will bring enhanced evaluation and visualization capabilities to Shell, allowing geoscience and petroleum engineering experts to better plan and manage the extraction of oil and gas resources. We're also investing in solutions to improve our understanding of the reservoir to increase recovery from fractured zones. This quarter, we strengthened our business alliance with CGG through a newly charted joint venture called Magnitude. This joint venture will focus on surface and borehole microseismic monitoring, processing, visualization and interpretation. The alliance will enhance the capabilities of Baker Hughes and CGG in the unconventional resource plays and other emerging markets. The challenges and complexities faced by our customers are driving a new wave of innovation at Baker Hughes. The technologies and business relationships I highlighted today are a sample of the solutions we are bringing to market, solutions that will deliver long-term profitable growth for Baker Hughes. And at the same time and as I've said before, we remain focused on our priorities of increasing the quality of our earnings, remaining capital-disciplined and generating free cash flow. And with that, Trey, let's turn it over to some questions.
Trey Clark: Thank you, Martin. At this point, I'll ask the operator to open the lines for your questions. [Operator Instructions] Lorraine, can we have the first question, please.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from Byron Pope from Tudor, Pickering.
Byron K. Pope - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc., Research Division: Martin, I just wanted to see if you could touch on how the recent changes to the ONE Baker Hughes matrix organization has implications for how you improve margins and efficiency in your regions going forward.
Martin S. Craighead: Sure, Byron. Well, look, when we did this about 4.5 years ago, the organization, the -- there were a lot of span of control issues, particularly at the hemispheres, as well as the density of the regions. If you remember as well, I think we started with something like 23 geomarkets, quickly moved 1 year or so, 2 years later, into 19. So it was never a plan, I think, that we would go long term with some of the structure we had. It was a security blanket to a degree. So I've been very impressed over the last several quarters with the maturity of the geomarkets in terms of the capability and the talent, the systems in place, the rigor by which they move in managing their business, their focus on the results. And it was time, I think, to delayer a bit. So that's the first thing. The second thing I wanted to get a little closer myself to the operation, which the delayering allowed. So I think going forward, it would give us a better opportunity to execute more reliably and keep a lean business profile. So that's kind of the motivation. But like I say, it was always part of a longer-term plan. And we're always looking to optimize the business, right? We got a lot of great people, and we want to put some talent into some jobs. And so time was right and we feel very, very good about it.
Byron K. Pope - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then just one quick question on North America. You mentioned this was the third straight quarter that you saw improvement in the Pressure Pumping business. And as we think about the margin progression for that region as we get into 2014, is it fair to think that the margins for the Pressure Pumping service line are starting to get close to the region average? Or is it still a ways to go there?
Martin S. Craighead: I -- look, it -- you're right, it's getting better, but there continues to be a wide margin between that particular product line and our overall results, let alone the other product lines.
Operator: And our next question comes from Jim West from Barclays Capital.
James C. West - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Martin, on the international side of the business, obviously, good, steady progress here has been made in the third quarter, and Peter went through kind of the fourth quarter. How are you thinking about 2014? I know you said it would be a strong year of growth given project startups and contract wins. I think some have been -- some, ourselves included, have been pegging growth somewhere in the 10% type range for E&P spending. Is that consistent kind of with your view? I don't want to pin a number down on you, but is that type of growth what you guys kind of see?
Martin S. Craighead: Yes. I think 10% is reasonable. And I'd also add to that, maybe back to the earlier comments I was making to Byron, executing -- for us, executing on that 10% and maximizing the value, I think is going to be better than it's been in the past. And the appetite for technology in that 10%, given where it's at internationally, is going to be very, very strong.
James C. West - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Good. That's what we're seeing as well. The North American business, just a quick follow-up for me, similar type question, but really more Baker Hughes specific. I mean you highlighted a number of new technologies. We're hearing data points that are kind of unbelievable about number of wells being drilled per pad, et cetera. And just kind of service intensity of wells is continuing to increase in here, and a lot of that is your technologies being absorbed. Do you think that your growth in North America, both top line and then, of course, margin, I guess, will be some of leftover of the repair of Pressure Pumping? But do you think your growth is more just market share gained through technology adoption? Or do you think the market itself will grow next year?
Martin S. Craighead: Well, I think the market is going to grow. I think you guys, as well as a few of your peers, have put out there that spending will likely be up, given buoyant commodity prices and cash flow our customers have. Turf [ph] existing, they're going to completely lose discipline, I think they're going to be very, very prudent, but there is an increasing appetite for technology. The heat's on in terms of getting the EURs up, getting the initial production rates up, getting those -- squeezing out incremental efficiencies per pad. I mean, the pad is a big move, but the pad alone, without the bottom-hole assemblies, doesn't make a difference. So it really -- the whole combination falls into our wheelhouse very well, James. So we're confident in North America. I think it's going to be, though, going forward, an increasing conversation with the customer community around technology. And even things like bifuel or dry-on-the-fly or you name it, they just need to keep solving these problems. And it's good, it's good for us.
James C. West - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Right. And do you think that you can outgrow the overall market growth then because of that?
Martin S. Craighead: Yes, I think so. I mean, if you look at what we've done the last couple of quarters sequentially in North America in terms of revenues, I would fully expect that we'd outgrow the overall market, yes.
Operator: And our next question comes from Bill Herbert from Simmons & Co.
William A. Herbert - Simmons & Company International, Research Division: Martin, back to international. If you were to, at this juncture, looking into 2014, highlight what you would expect to be the 5 key growth markets for Baker Hughes in '14, what would those be?
Martin S. Craighead: 5? We only have 3 international segments, but I know what you mean.
William A. Herbert - Simmons & Company International, Research Division: Well, countries, of course.
Martin S. Craighead: Sure, sure, sure. Let me start with the one that we're probably seeing the most buoyancy and that would be Africa and just walk around the outer ring, right? I think the pre-salts out of Brazil are going to be very, very strong. We've already seen some geological success for our customers. And just like in Brazil, the drilling and subsurface technology is going to be in high demand. So that part of the world, move down around the horn, and I think East Africa is going to drive the numbers in '14. Middle East is going to be exceptionally strong year-on-year, led by Saudi, Kuwait and Abu Dhabi. We'll see margin progression in Iraq and continued top line growth, and given the amount of revenue that's there, you can't avoid it in terms of where the top line growth comes from overall. The North Sea will be steady, so I wouldn't put it in there as a top 5 contender in terms of difference. In terms of delta, it won't -- I don't see it necessarily being able to achieve that. Russia would be up there on the list. I don't know how many I've mentioned, but...
William A. Herbert - Simmons & Company International, Research Division: What about Mexico? With these large tenders out there, are you optimistic about that or no?
Martin S. Craighead: No, I am optimistic. I think there will be a degree of caution. There's been some challenges, payment challenges in the North that we've all experienced. There's -- I think there's still a lot of debate with regards to the new petroleum law, and I think some of it will be resolved before the end of the year. But I don't see the big issue with our customers in terms of ownership versus profit sharing being resolved any time, frankly, next year. So I think it will definitely be up year-on-year, that would be my expectation. But I think I'd temper a bit the -- some of the euphoria around Mexico.
William A. Herbert - Simmons & Company International, Research Division: Right. I guess the thing about Mexico is that the tenders that are out there, the $8 billion thereabouts, they don't have that much to do with the constitutional reforms, but they're just, I mean, tenders for essentially 3 regions.
Martin S. Craighead: That's right.
William A. Herbert - Simmons & Company International, Research Division: Okay, good. And then, secondly, what -- at this juncture, could you hazard a guess, as from a Baker Hughes standpoint, how oversupplied the frac market is domestically? And what kind of well count growth do we need to see in order for the market to become more balanced and even to drive pricing leverage for the service providers?
Martin S. Craighead: Okay. So our estimate -- it's still a sloppy market, of course. We'd say it probably hasn't changed, say, 20% oversupplied. And in terms of the well count, as you know, Bill, there's so many variables, I mean there's lateral length, there's number of stages, in addition to the well count. But then offsetting that is, as I look at our numbers, our own improving efficiency. So we're getting more sand pumped with -- on a per-horsepower basis than we did this time last year, and we fully expect to even get better at it. So the well count alone isn't going to -- isn't the only solution. So I'd hazard to guess how many wells are going to -- how much well count is going to have to go up. I'm not smart enough to figure that out, Bill, not at this stage.
William A. Herbert - Simmons & Company International, Research Division: Okay, fair point. Peter, last one for me. With regard to -- I know you're probably still formulating your plans for '14, but I'm just -- if you could hazard a guess with regard to capital spending outlook for next year. Is it up? Is it flat or even down, frankly? And also, the free cash flow generation for next year looks to be considerably higher. And any thoughts with regard to how that may come back to shareholders in one form or fashion?
Peter A. Ragauss: Yes, sure, Bill. Well, we're pretty pleased with what we've been able to do this year on cash, right, and a lot of that -- we've driven higher revenue. First 9 months, I think it's $500 million over last year, with lower CapEx. And so our capital discipline is working, and we expect to continue that capital discipline into 2014. Certainly, in the first half of 2014, CapEx will be at current run rate. Depending on market conditions, if we need more tools, we'll then start gearing up, but right now, it doesn't feel like we need more tools because we've been able to prove that -- we've been able to keep the tool spend steady and grow revenue, so that's good. As far as cash flow and working capital, that sort of thing, yes, we had a great quarter this quarter. I'm very pleased with our team's ability to manage working capital despite revenue going up. I think we got more to do there into 2014, so that should help cash flow incrementally, 2014 versus 2013. So yes, we think this quarter, next quarter, next year, cash flow should continue to increase. And with respect to uses, it's still something we debate and discuss with the board every quarter, and the good news is we got a lot more to talk about now.
Operator: And our next question comes from Bill Sanchez from Howard Weil.
William Sanchez - Howard Weil Incorporated, Research Division: Peter, I was curious just as it relates to the Latin America margin outlook here. Basically, you're affirming your second quarter guidance with regard to a high-single digit, yet you showed pretty appreciable improvement in 3Q as we back out some of the charge-offs and the write down of bad debt. What is driving the margin improvement, I guess, for 4Q at this point? Is it still just realization of that cost rationalization? Is there still product sales we're anticipating here in 4Q moving margins up? And then, I guess, just how do we think about typically what would be -- I guess assuming product sales in 4Q then going away in 1Q, how are we looking at margin in Latin America for first quarter?
Peter A. Ragauss: Well, I think you've pegged 2 of them. We had some one-off costs in Q2 that did not repeat in Q3, so that was helpful in Q3. We also had some labor savings in Q3, which we'll have more of in Q4, so that's the good part. We do have some new contracts in the Andean and Mexico that will help offset what's been going on in Brazil and Chicontepec areas. So it's a little bit of mix, a little bit of activity and a little bit of cost savings going into Q4. As far as Q1 -- well, and we will probably have a little bit more product sales in Q4 as well, so sort of all of the above, not each of which is in huge amounts, but when they add up, they'll be accretive. Q1, yes, you probably will have the typical selloff in product sales relative to Q4.
William Sanchez - Howard Weil Incorporated, Research Division: I mean do you all feel like that the charge-offs that you've had here in the last few quarters are essentially done in Latin America now?
Peter A. Ragauss: We certainly had a sizable amount in Q3. We continue to look at the business every quarter, and we'll decide during the quarter, based on conditions and contracts, what we'll do next.
William Sanchez - Howard Weil Incorporated, Research Division: Okay. Martin, my follow-up for you, just back on the North America market. I know the 10% bogey, I think, was an important number for you guys here in 3Q in terms of the margin. I'm trying to just get a sense -- clearly, there's been a lot around Baker with the self-help opportunities you've had on the margin side in North America. And you've talked about, in the past, the move to the 24/7 crews and what that's doing and then the logistics cleanup that you guys have had to kind of embark upon and then some of the fuel level cost savings, which you touched on today around the bifuel fleets, and I know some of the slurry mixing and things like that. Can you just give us a sense of kind of where we are in kind of each of these 3 things in terms of how much of the margin appreciation have you realized from these, kind of where we are? And I guess, if you could clarify, too, I think there had been some maybe confusion with regard to your 24/7 crews, what percentage were actually working on 24/7 and what were kind of capable of working on 24/7. I know there have been numbers out there. You were looking at, at least a 50% exit rate at 24/7. Just if you could clarify, is that capable of working 24/7 or is that you actually see your crews being 50% employed on 24/7 by year-end?
Martin S. Craighead: Sure, Bill. Let me start with the final part. Right now, 50% of the fleets we have in the U.S. are 24-hour capable, and by far, those are the fleets that work the most hours on any given week. So the utilization is the highest with the 24 hours. We expect to be, this time next year, far higher than we are today with 24-hour capability. As far as the initiatives that were underway, the big one being supply chain and all that it encompasses, particularly logistics and procurements and R&M, I'd say that we're probably second base, and the time to improvement in that particular space is a little bit lengthier than, let's say, some of the early wins we had in some of the other areas, like, for example, converting to 24-hour fleet. Efficiency gains with the fleet in other ways, making sure it's in the right markets, is, I think, essentially complete. Another component which you didn't mention but was a big driver for us year-on-year was the customer mix, Bill. And again, there, I'd say we're probably, again to stay with the baseball analogy, say, between second and third base. You can always do a better job of not only high-grading your mix, but working with the customer to make sure that they're being more efficient. So we've made good improvements there. I think if you look at our top 20 list, it reflects a big percentage of the U.S's leading clients in the space with regards to pad drilling and understanding the subsurface and having the rig count to keep our fleet active, so somewhere around second base. And in terms of margin progression, as I think I highlighted on a previous question, still a very, very large gap between the -- that particular product line, which is our largest in North America, and our other business lines. I think, as we said in our prepared remarks, record revenues for many of the other product lines and what we didn't say, but if you remember, whether it was chemicals or Artificial Lift or completions, we had records in those last quarter, so 2 quarters in a row with some of these product lines. So we still have a lot of opportunity, and I would expect that 4 will be better than 3 and 1 will be better than 4 and every quarter going forward, of course, with a Q2 normal hiccup in Canada. Hope that answers your question.
William Sanchez - Howard Weil Incorporated, Research Division: Martin, I guess, assuming you get to home plate on these initiatives, can you quantify for us what's remaining -- assuming pricing in stim stays where it is and the operational top line trends stay the same, is it possible to quantify what kind of basis-point ramp you would see once you kind of deliver?
Martin S. Craighead: It's definitely possible to quantify, Bill. We have a plan to get to the mid- to high-teens, but I'm not going to give you any more specificity than that.
William Sanchez - Howard Weil Incorporated, Research Division: Okay. One last one for me. Did the third Gulf of Mexico stim vessel make its way into the fleet here by quarter's end?
Martin S. Craighead: It's on -- it's in this quarter. It's mobilizing this month.
Operator: And our next question comes from David Anderson from JP Morgan.
John David Anderson - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Martin, I just wanted to stick on the same question about the offshore stim market. It looked -- things do look like they are starting to pick up a lower tertiary development. I was just wondering if you have had any discussions internally about adding more stim vessels or how you see that market playing out. Is there any thoughts to that right now?
Martin S. Craighead: That's kind of a touchy area in terms of the amount of capacity the market can take. We have a new boat in -- that's mobilizing or has arrived in the North Sea called the Blue Orca, which is kind of a copy of the ships we have here in the Gulf of Mexico, 300-footer, and it should be active. And then this recent add in the Gulf, we have no other plans. But I think Peter did mention that we recently won 2 additional boats, renewals in the -- in Brazil. So it's a market that's got to be very well looked after because we don't want to have any spare capacity, just given the pain that, that can cause. So we're pretty comfortable with what we have right now in terms of floating capacity.
John David Anderson - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay. And obviously, you're going to be thinking about your CapEx spend for next year. Have you guys thinking -- Peter, are you thinking about kind of your CapEx for next year? Can you give us any indication as kind of what you're thinking? Is it going to be flat, you think, slightly up, slightly down? Any help on there?
Peter A. Ragauss: It's going to be flat through the first half, and then we'll see how market conditions evolve. And if all of you guys' predictions are right, with double-digit customer spend, then we may have to spend a little bit more in the second half. But we haven't made that determination yet.
John David Anderson - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay. And just one last quick one on Latin America. I know you talked about kind of the progression of margins. I'm just wondering about kind of -- the mobilization and demobilization has been impacting some of the numbers. I guess just, first of all, are you completely demobilized out of Brazil? Have you rightsized that business? And the second question, I think it's a little bit more important, is on Mexico. I mean, is this a market that you add capacity now in front of these contracts? I know you have one of the -- incentive contracts starts up, I believe, in February, and then these mega tenders, I think those start up in April, yet work has stopped right now. How do you think about that business and kind of positioning yourselves for the next couple of years?
Martin S. Craighead: Okay. So let's start with Brazil. A substantial amount of the demobilization took place in Q3. And as far as Mexico, I think as I've highlighted to Bill earlier, they've -- this -- we've got to wait and see how these IO tenders unfold. Where they are, a lot of them are offshore, a lot of them are in the South, some of them are in the North. I've got some concerns, personally, about those IOs actually getting issued and executed in the North, given what transpired this year. So we'll mobilize according to how we normally do. We'll look at the terms of the contract, we'll see how diligent the customer is and be prepared to execute the work. We're pretty good at that. I'm not worried about kind of -- any kind of stumbles when it comes to mobilizing for those projects.
John David Anderson - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Well, is it fair to say some of those equipment are kind of floating around and kind of Latin America will hang on margins for a bit and then maybe kind of, this time next year, we should eliminate all of those overhangs?
Martin S. Craighead: We don't have much spare equipment hanging around anywhere. A lot of the Brazil equipment went upside of the continent, and it's working. So if these projects in Mexico come to be, then it will further stretch resources. And maybe as Peter highlighted, we'll have to get the machine shops working on the overtime. We'll have to look at it when it happens.
Operator: And our next question comes from Brad Handler from Jefferies.
Brad Handler - Jefferies LLC, Research Division: If I come back to U.S. pumping, too, but maybe slightly differently. I'm curious for your reactions to what sounds like it may be a trend, but that's part of the question. Whiting and Continental are talking about moving away from sliding sleeve and seeming to prefer perf and -- plug and perf up in their Bakken completions. I guess are you seeing that more than you were before? Does it seem as though sliding sleeve is actually losing traction? And how does that affect your business, if it's true?
Martin S. Craighead: Well, Brad, I'll tell you this. The experimentation that occurs within the customer community and the unconventionals is as rampant as it's ever been. It's probably going to continue. We love that. I mean, we've got a very broad portfolio of completion systems. Plug and perf is a good business. We're in the plug business. We're in the perforating business. Some customers try 1 thing, and I got to tell you, they go right back to something else. I think, at the end of the day, depending on the particular reservoir and where they're at in that reservoir, there will be sliding sleeve technology forever. It just -- it makes sense. There may be some places where it doesn't work. And don't forget that the fact that sliding sleeve, almost every couple of quarters, we're launching a whole new derivation of it from where we were 3 years ago. So we're not in the least bit worried. It's a market ripe for innovation, and we -- our people are very, very good at that. So whatever customer wants to -- like I say, if they want to experiment, we're the right ones to help them with it. But again, our completions business had another record quarter, and it doesn't include the plug and perf segment. So we're pretty happy with the way it's going.
Brad Handler - Jefferies LLC, Research Division: Okay. Martin, that's helpful context. I appreciate that. Maybe an unrelated follow-up, presumably for Peter. Trying to think about the debt write-offs here. I know you had a more significant one in Q4 of last year, and then, I guess, there was a little bit in Q2 and then again in Q3. Maybe again, in a sense, what does it -- maybe what is it saying to us? And how should we be thinking about -- how should we be thinking about, if I wanted to have a -- it's a recurring risk just because of your policy, if nothing else? Is there something that flows through the model going forward just as -- almost as a safety measure? And then maybe the other way of asking it is, have you had some recoveries that perhaps we're not seeing relative to the bad debt, say, from the fourth quarter of last year?
Peter A. Ragauss: So first of all, let me just talk about this quarter. We had more than one customer this quarter. But they're both in Latin America. One is the typical slow payment, the other is their financial condition. But you're right, we've been applying the same policies consistently over the years. I mean, it's been a while, and it's a conservative approach. I think it's fully transparent. Others in the industry have the same issues, but they're not taking the same accounting approach, so that's interesting in and of itself. But I would say -- we have not been, in Latin America, collecting -- we haven't had quarters where we've collected and not told you because we haven't been collecting above sort of what we expected. But if we did, we would probably break it out, if it were material. So I think it's -- and we've -- essentially, over the years, we've reserved quite a bit in Latin America. So the accounting risk and the financial risk is a lot lower than somebody else who maybe have it all on their balance sheet,n so...
Martin S. Craighead: Brad, let me add 1 thing to that. I wouldn't tell you that -- we still fully expect to collect every dollar we have legitimately earned. This is an accounting approach that we feel very strongly about. And we follow our rules, and we've been open straight with that. But we expect to collect every nickel. And when we do, if it's -- it needs to be broken out, we'll break it out.
Operator: And our next question comes from Kurt Hallead from RBC Capital Markets.
Kurt Hallead - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Martin, I was -- I just wanted to see if you could give a little bit more color around the semantics used when you talk about 50% of your frac crews are 24-hour capable. I think some of the benchmarks that have been discussed in the past were, I think, more directly related to how many of your frac crews are actually contracted for 24/7 operations. And I think in the past, at least I had the impression, that your target was about 70% of your frac fleet were to be contracted on 24/7 ops. So I just wondered if you might be able to provide some clarity and/or differentiation between 50% 24-hour capable versus what percent of your actual fleets are running 24/7 ops on contract basis right now.
Martin S. Craighead: Well, okay, so I'm not sure I'm going to be able to answer your question -- I'm not going -- probably choose not to give you what you're going to want to hear. We're 50% capable. I hope to be about 70% capable this time next year in terms of what's fitted out to be about 24 hours. And as I said earlier, all I'm going to say is that the 24-hour fleets are working more than the non-24-hour fleets, as you would expect. What percentage of that depends on the basin, it's something we work closely. Obviously, they're not any anywhere close to 100% utilized as -- nor is any -- even of the conventional fleets. So that's about the extent I'm going to be able to provide color for you, Kurt.
Kurt Hallead - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Maybe just in the context then of your comment about 50% capable, what makes a frac fleet 24-hour capable? And if you're going to go from 50% of your frac fleet that's 24-hour capable to 70%, what is the dynamic that's going to drive that?
Martin S. Craighead: There's 2 key drivers. One, you have to have a workforce and a work program to be able to keep the fleet going. Two, you have to have a customer structure that allows that fleet to be able to work at that high intensity. And then third, you have to have the supply chain, which is both infrastructure and R&M and just overall logistics, that can keep that fleet on location for -- and working. And what I mean by the supply chain, it also includes, obviously, being able to pull equipment off location and maintain it at a nearby infrastructure, to where, then, you can mobilize it back out. So it's a -- if you were to look at the fleet, it doesn't look any different. It's really -- if you would, everything in the background, it allows that fleet to keep working, starting with labor and the customer and then the supply chain.
Operator: And our last question will come from Ole Slorer from Morgan Stanley.
Ole H. Slorer - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Martin, so in this backdrop of relatively steady but slow by historic standards suspending growth, you highlight kind of your biggest areas of top line excitement. But where do you see the biggest improvements for Baker Hughes to normalize margins just by being more efficient and rational with the bidding strategies and contracts? And what should the sort of new normal margins be? And also, where would it be the hardest to get to kind of what you would view as a normal level?
Martin S. Craighead: Well, I think my expectations are that all of our 4 geographical segments will continue to improve their margins. And if you look, on a relative basis, Latin America will -- should be driven by further efficiency gains and productivity gains in Brazil and given what actually materializes in Mexico, should be pretty good for the overall industry. North America, we obviously still have a lot of work to do in the 1 particular product line. And given the rollout of the technology, whether it's on the Pressure Pumping side, the AutoTrak Curve side or the Artificial Lift side with the ProductionWave, I expect margins there will definitely track north. I think the Europe, North Sea area will be steady. It's already one of our leading margin areas. I think activity will be strong, but I don't think activity will drive price there. I think it will be more of a technology play. I do think you're going to see some price traction as a result of activity in the Middle East. And as I highlighted earlier, Ole, Africa is probably one of the areas for us, both because of the increasing rig count that we see going forward, but also the technology plays and the demands for our kind of products is what's -- it gives me a whole lot of optimism and confidence that, that will be one of our leading margin areas in 2014.
Peter A. Ragauss: And Ole, this is Peter. We've recently demonstrated, in Asia Pacific, a big turnaround. It used to be a laggard in terms of margins. But this quarter, it's no longer a laggard. It's -- the delta in Asia Pacific was very strong this quarter, and as you talked about intelligent bidding and this and that, well, we've done that. It's taken us a while, but we're seeing the fruits of it, particularly this quarter. I'm very proud of that region.
Ole H. Slorer - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: So back to Latin America again, what would -- could those margins go to, again, by rationalizing your business? And it sounds that -- I mean congratulations for winning that latest directional drilling contract in Brazil. But with the reorgs through and business normalizing and smart bidding, as you highlighted, what would the normal margin be for you guys in Latin America?
Martin S. Craighead: Ole, I'm not going to predict the margin. I'm going to just tell you that it's going to be up from here on out. And as Peter said, there's still some rationalization, some smarter contracts to improve our mix. I'm not going to give a -- give you a prediction or -- on what that margin is going to be in Latin America.
Ole H. Slorer - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Okay, fair enough. Back to North America again, on Pressure Pumping. You highlighted that new technology is also making your frac fleet more efficient, 20% overcapacity. How do you view the industry-wide efficiency gains relative to the current overcapacity in a market that's modestly improved, steady headwinds through technology and efficiency gains, but some volume improvement? How do you measure those 2 against each other?
Martin S. Craighead: Well, you ask a good question. As we get reviews with the business, we obviously try to understand what the peers are doing and the industry overall because until the capacity is absorbed, we're not going to see any improvement in price, and pricing has to improve. I mean, it's a tough business right now. But I'll tell you that everybody, our peers included, are making headway in efficiencies. And so, again, it's just going to drag out the amount of time until this 20% capacity is absorbed. So -- and look at us as a perfect example. I mean, we're not the only one improving efficiency of our fleet. So I think this overhang of capacity is going to be with us for as far as I can see into '14. That's for sure.
Ole H. Slorer - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Okay. Just finally, since I'm the last one, on the depreciation, relative to CapEx, you're spending 15%, 16% more than depreciation. Do you see a scenario where your CapEx can kind of drop in line with depreciation given the more capital-intensive components, such as Pressure Pumping overcapacity?
Peter A. Ragauss: Not overall, Ole. Certainly, in Pressure Pumping, we're spending a heck of a lot less than we used to, but we're still in a growth business. We're growing revenues quarter after quarter, year after year. And we are -- we got to replenish our tool fleet regularly and introduce new products. And so, I think unless you see a dip -- heaven forbid, a dip in the rig count, we're probably still going to be spending above depreciation for the next...
Ole H. Slorer - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Okay. Above sales growth, above depreciation?
Peter A. Ragauss: Yes.
Trey Clark: All right. Thanks, Ole. Thank you, all, and we appreciate everyone's time today. And Lorraine, let's, please, conclude today's call.
Operator: Thank you for participating in today's Baker Hughes Incorporated conference call. This call will be available for replay beginning at 10:30 a.m. Eastern, 9:30 a.m. Central and will be available through 11:30 p.m. Eastern time on November 1, 2013. The number for replay is (888) 843-7419 in the United States or (630) 652-3042 for international calls, and the access code is 35542417. You may now disconnect.

===== 2013 Q2  (2013-07-19 08:00:00) =====
Executives: Trey Clark - Vice President of Investor Relations Martin S. Craighead - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, President and Chairman of Executive Committee Peter A. Ragauss - Chief Financial Officer and Senior Vice President
Analysts: James C. West - Barclays Capital, Research Division William A. Herbert - Simmons & Company International, Research Division James Knowlton Wicklund - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division Kurt Hallead - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division Scott Gruber - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division William Sanchez - Howard Weil Incorporated, Research Division Michael W. Urban - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division John David Anderson - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Judson E. Bailey - ISI Group Inc., Research Division
Operator: Hello, my name is Lorraine, and I will be your conference facilitator. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Baker Hughes Second Quarter 2013 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] I will now turn the conference over to Mr. Trey Clark, Vice President of Investor Relations. Sir, you may proceed.
Trey Clark: Thank you, Lorraine, and good morning, everyone. Welcome to the Baker Hughes Second Quarter 2013 Earnings Conference Call. Here with me today is our Chairman and CEO, Martin Craighead; and Peter Ragauss, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Today's presentation and the earnings release that was issued earlier today can be found on our website at bakerhughes.com. During the course of this conference call, we will provide predictions, forecasts and other forward-looking statements. Although they reflect our current expectations, these statements are not guarantees of future performance, but involve a number of risks and assumptions. We urge you to review Baker Hughes' SEC filings for a discussion of some of the factors that could cause actual results to differ materially. Lastly, reconciliation of operating profit and other non-GAAP measures to GAAP results can be found on our earnings release and on our website at bakerhughes.com under the Investor Relations section. With that, I'll turn the call over to Martin Craighead. Martin?
Martin S. Craighead: Thanks, Trey, and good morning, everyone. Let me start off with a few comments about our results. First, Baker Hughes performed well in North America and across the Eastern Hemisphere this quarter. In fact, the Eastern Hemisphere posted record revenues on strong growth in both Europe/Africa/Russia Caspian and Middle East/Asia Pacific business segments, while North American revenue increased 3% sequentially despite Canadian activity reaching its lowest level in 4 years. Unfortunately, that performance was more than offset by profit erosion in our Latin American business segment. So I want to begin my remarks today by addressing these issues right out of the gate. First, the most meaningful issue we faced in the quarter was timing associated with the ramp-down of our drilling contract in Brazil. As we transitioned to the new contract structure in the second quarter, we made a conscious decision to work with our customer and ensure there were no operational disruptions. This customer-centric approach in Brazil has served us well over the years, and that, coupled with stellar drilling performance, secured us a contract extension last year, which resulted in very high activity levels being reached in the first quarter of this year. As we progressed through the second quarter, we were anticipating a further extension. Unfortunately, that did not occur, and as a result, we forfeited an opportunity for a more orderly demobilization. This left us with stranded costs associated with elevated staffing and underutilized assets. Also during the quarter, we faced the well-publicized shutdown across northern Mexico. Accordingly, late in the quarter, we began the process of reducing our cost structure. We've made adjustments to headcount, began redeploying assets and wrote off some obsolete inventory, and we have more to do. Based on the actions we're taking, we expect an immediate improvement in margin performance and recovery to high-single digits by year-end. Unfortunately, these issues overshadowed growth and improved performance in other regions during the quarter. In Norway, for example, we have ramped up for one of the largest integrated drilling service contracts in the history of our industry. This, coupled with strong activity in Russia, Nigeria and the U.K., grew our Europe/Africa/Russia Caspian segment by more than 13% over the previous quarter, with incremental margins in excess of 50%. Our Gulf of Mexico business recorded its historical best revenue, with strong incremental margins, while our U.S. Pressure Pumping business posted its second consecutive quarter of improved revenue, share and margins, as it executed more stages, with more 24-hour fleets than at any point in our history. Later in the call, I'll provide more details on the balance of our business segments, but first, let me turn it over to Peter for details on the quarter and our guidance. Peter?
Peter A. Ragauss: Thank you, Martin, and good morning. This morning we reported net income for the second quarter of $240 million or $0.54 per share. This includes a $20 million or $0.05 per share after-tax reserve for bad debt in Latin America, as well as a $7 million or $0.02 per share after-tax inventory charge related to certain profits in North America. Revenue for the second quarter was $5.5 billion, a record for Baker Hughes, which was up $257 million or 5% compared to the previous quarter. EBITDA for the second quarter was $860 million, down 1% sequentially. To help in your understanding of this quarter's results, I'll bridge last quarter's earnings per share to this quarter. In the first quarter, we posted net income of $0.60 per share. First, add back $0.05 for the currency devaluation in Venezuela during the quarter. This brings us to the first quarter adjusted earnings per share of $0.65. Next, subtract $0.02 for North America operations as significant profit improvements in the United States, both on land and offshore, were more than offset by seasonal activity reductions in Canada, including severe flooding at the end of the quarter, which, in and of itself, reduced earnings by $0.02. Add $0.10 for Eastern Hemisphere, primarily due to a strong rebound in our Europe/Africa/Russia Caspian segment. Subtract $0.12 for Latin America due to reduced revenues and stranded costs in Brazil, as well as the Chicontepec shutdown in Mexico. Add $0.02 for Industrial Services, and subtract $0.02 for higher interest expense, taxes and noncontrolling interest. At this point, our earnings per share would have been $0.61. To get the GAAP earnings per share of $0.54, subtract another $0.05 for the bad debt reserve in Latin America, add $0.02 for the inventory charge in North America. In Table 5 of our earnings release, we provide adjusted financial information, excluding the impact of the Venezuela currency devaluation, on our segment results in the first quarter. From this point on in the conference call, any comments on revenue, operating profit and operating profit margin refer explicitly to Table 5 in our earnings release unless otherwise stated. Revenue in North America was $2.7 billion, up $74 million or 3% sequentially. This growth was achieved despite seasonality in Canada, as strong revenue growth was realized in the U.S., particularly in our onshore Pressure Pumping product line and in our Gulf of Mexico business. Excluding the inventory charge, North America operating profit would have been $222 million, down $13 million sequentially. Operating profit margin would have been 8.3%. Operating profits were sequentially lower primarily due to sales mix as high-margin Canadian revenue was replaced with lower-margin Pressure Pumping revenue. In the U.S., despite a flat onshore rig count, our Pressure Pumping product line delivered improved revenue, operating profit and operating profit margin for the second consecutive quarter. Improved fleet utilization and record stages per day, resulting from increased 24-hour operations, market share gains and growing well count, contributed favorably. These gains were partially offset by continued pricing declines. Our other product lines in U.S. land also benefited from increased activity and improved drilling efficiencies, realizing higher revenues and profits, including record performance in drill bits, completion systems and Upstream Chemicals. In the Gulf of Mexico, we experienced a strong sequential rebound in revenues and profits due to higher activity, the successful introduction of new technologies and a favorable mix of deepwater development work resulting in higher utilization of our stimulation vessels. And finally in Canada, our revenues and profits declined significantly, as rig counts dropped more than 70% sequentially to their lowest levels in 4 years. Compared to last year, Canadian profits were down about $0.03 per share. Moving to international results. We posted record revenue of $2.5 billion, up $156 million or 7% versus the prior quarter and up $161 million or 7% compared to a year ago. Excluding the $20 million reserve in Latin America, international operating profit would have been $268 million or 10.8%, down $13 million sequentially. Despite record revenue, our international profits were negatively impacted by our Latin America segment, where revenues and operating profits declined significantly during the quarter. The revenue decline is primarily related to Brazil, where our activity and share both declined during the quarter as we transitioned to a new drilling services contract at lower prices. Operating margins in Brazil were further reduced by stranded costs, such as severance and obsolete inventory charges. In Mexico, performance dropped due to the well-publicized shutdown of activity in Chicontepec. In our Eastern Hemisphere segments, we delivered revenue growth of $189 million or 11% sequentially, with 30% incremental operating profit. Our Eastern Hemisphere operating profit margin was 13.7%, up 170 basis points sequentially. Among our Eastern Hemisphere segments, Europe/Africa/Russia Caspian experienced the most significant improvement in revenue, operating profit and operating profit margin. Segment revenues grew $112 million or 13% sequentially to a record $966 million, with 52% incremental operating profit. Operating profit margins were 15.6% in the second quarter, representing a sequential increase of 470 basis points. The revenue and profit increase is primarily due to increased activity in the North Sea, Nigeria, Mozambique, Angola and Russia. In Norway, revenues and margins were further enhanced by performance-based bonuses associated with our new integrated drilling services contract, even while we were finalizing our mobilization during the quarter. Our Middle East/Asia Pacific segment delivered continued revenue growth, posting record revenues of $971 million. This represents an increase of 9% sequentially and 21% year-over-year. The sequential improvement was primarily due to increased integrated operations activity in Iraq, where we now have 12 operational rigs, as well as higher activity in Saudi Arabia, Malaysia, Vietnam and Australia. Operating profit was down 110 basis points sequentially, however, primarily due to higher third-party passthrough revenue in Iraq and mobilization costs associated with our second Pressure Pumping fleet in Saudi Arabia. For our Industrial Services segment, revenue was $316 million, up $27 million sequentially. Operating profit was $39 million, up $15 million sequentially, and operating profit margin was 12.3%. Increased revenues and profits were primarily due to seasonal improvements in our Process and Pipeline Services business. Looking at the balance sheet. During the quarter, we generated $230 million of free cash flow, ending the quarter with a cash balance of $1.1 billion or a $22 million increase sequentially. Total debt decreased $183 million during the quarter to $4.9 billion. Currently, our total-debt-to-capital ratio is 22%. Capital expenditures for the quarter were $551 million. Now let me provide you with our guidance for the remainder of the year. In the U.S., we are reducing our onshore rig projections from our last guidance. However, activity is still projected to improve. In the second quarter, we exited with 1,692 rigs. We anticipate that the rig count will rise modestly to an average of 1,720 rigs by the fourth quarter or an increase of about 30 rigs between now and the end of the year. The forecast for U.S. offshore rigs remains unchanged, with an average of 52 rigs in 2013, which is an increase of 4 deepwater rigs or 8% compared to 2012. The total average annual U.S. rig count for 2013 is now projected to be 1,765 rigs, composed of approximately 1,385 oil rigs and 380 gas rigs. This represents an 8% reduction compared to 2012. However, we expect that drilling efficiencies will continue to improve during the remainder of 2013. We currently forecast the U.S. onshore well count for 2013 to be approximately 35,000 wells, which is a reduction of about 4% year-on-year. In Canada, the average rig count in the second half of 2013 is projected to increase to 335 average rigs in Q3 and 375 rigs in Q4, which is slightly better than last year and up from our previous guidance. As a result, Canada's average annual rig count is now expected to be 350 rigs. Sequentially, we expect Q3 North America profit margins will improve. The seasonal return of activity in Canada, increased utilization of our U.S. Pressure Pumping fleet and continued strong demand for our other product and services in the United States are all expected to improve revenues and operating profit -- and operating margins. Gulf of Mexico results should remain strong, presuming there are no weather-related disruptions. Looking internationally, the rig count is anticipated to continue recent growth trends in the second half of the year, yielding an average 2013 rig count of 1,360 rigs, with increases in every region. Excluding Iraq, this represents a 7% increase in the annual international rig count. Looking at our international margins, we expect that our Europe/Africa/Russia Caspian segment margin should continue to increase in the second half, driven by activity improvement and newly win share in the U.K., Nigeria, Sub-Sahara and Russia. Our Middle East/Asia Pacific segment margins should rise during the second half of the year also, as unconventional gas activity in Saudi Arabia increases and as profitability increases in Iraq. And in Latin America, we expect operating profit margins to improve in the third quarter due to new projects starting in the region and ongoing efforts to reduce costs. We expect that profit margin should be in the high-single digits by the end of the year. Industrial Services activity in Q3 is expected to be similar to Q2. Q4 margins, however, are expected to be lower due to seasonality in our Process and Pipeline Services business. Also for the third quarter, interest expense is expected to be around $60 million. Corporate costs are expected to be about $70 million. Depreciation and amortization expense is expected to be around $430 million. Capital expenditures for the quarter are expected to be about $550 million, and finally, our full year 2013 effective tax rate is expected to be between 33% and 34%. At this point, I'll now turn the call back over to Martin. Martin?
Martin S. Craighead: Thanks, Peter. As I mentioned earlier, we are reducing our Latin America cost base to improve its profitability. Actions underway include the adjustments to headcount, as well as the redeployment of critical assets and skilled personnel to support the strong growth we are capturing in other markets, specifically in Norway and the Middle East. At the same time, we remain committed to long-term profitable growth in this region and continue to target projects aligned to our core strengths, particularly in deepwater, unconventionals and integrated operations. During the second quarter, we have secured additional contracts across the region that will help backfill the revenue drop in Brazil and Mexico. As an example, in Argentina, we have been awarded a major contract to provide integrated completion services for unconventional development. The scope of work includes a frac fleet, coil tubing, wireline services and completion systems. We will also be playing a key role in the development of unconventionals in Colombia, where we have been awarded a 9-well project for drilling services. And looking beyond 2013, last week, we were awarded the Soledad block in Chicontepec. This long-term integrated operations project will provide a sound reentry point for us into northern Mexico beginning early next year. Now turning to our Eastern Hemisphere operations. I'm very excited with the outlook. Our operations are benefiting from new technology deployment in a number of key markets, steadily growing activity and improving operational efficiency. In Russia, we completed the industry's first fracpack operation in Sakhalin. This is the first of a multi-well completion campaign and represents the largest sand control project for Baker Hughes in the region to date. In the neighboring Caspian geomarket, we received a letter of award for a 3-year campaign to provide drilling services in Turkmenistan beginning this quarter. In Africa, we're excited about our growing position in the emerging deepwater market off the east coast. During the second quarter, we secured a series of contracts that further enhance our position to now include a sizable onshore presence in this important and growing market. Baker Hughes will provide wireline services, drill bits and cementing on a multi-well exploration campaign, spreading over the next 5 years across Kenya and Ethiopia. Also in Africa, we've been awarded a 4-year contract to provide wireline services on an ultra-deepwater campaign in Angola and Namibia. And in offshore Malaysia, we have completed our first well under a new integrated operations contract for a multi-well campaign. The work scope includes coil track services, representing the first time we have provided coil tubing drilling services offshore in Asia Pacific. Across the Middle East, development of the unconventionals is becoming a growing market driver. Saudi Arabia and Oman are both actively targeting shale gas and tight gas production. Additionally, there are potential projects in the United Arab Emirates and Kuwait. With Pressure Pumping assets now mobilized in the region, we are well-positioned to capture strong growth in this market. These are just a few of the operational highlights in the Eastern Hemisphere that will continue growing international revenue and margins in the second half of the year. Turning to North America. As new technologies and methodologies continue to be introduced into the unconventional market, drilling efficiencies improve. However, they don't improve consistently, not between basins and not even between operators within a basin. For the last 70 years, we have provided the industry with the Baker Hughes Rig Count. Last night, we announced the launch of the Baker Hughes Well Count. This new index captures the number of wells which were spud in each major U.S. basin and, when combined with the Baker Hughes Rig Count, drilling efficiencies become more obvious. As industry trends evolve, you can expect new features and information sources to be added to the Baker Hughes Well Count index periodically. We can see from the data, for example, that drilling efficiencies vary by basin. In the Williston, the Marcellus and the Eagle Ford, we're seeing about 20% more wells per rig compared to this time last year, whereas in the Permian, wells per rig have hardly changed. Additionally, the Baker Hughes Well Count shows seasonality that wasn't evident in the rig count alone. During the winter months, the wells per rig slows due to poor weather conditions. For example, the wells per rig dropped by 15% in the Granite Wash this past winter before rebounding later in the spring. So it's the seasonal rebound and the underlying trend of drilling efficiencies that explains why we saw a 3% increase in the Baker Hughes Well Count during the second quarter despite the rig count remaining absolutely flat. The ongoing trend to continue increasing wells per rig is a fantastic opportunity for a technology-driven service company such as Baker Hughes. We're playing a meaningful role in improving the economies of shale in North America through new technology introductions and deployments. For example, last quarter, we achieved a significant milestone by successfully introducing the cemented FracPoint system. This service provides all of the isolation and entry benefits of plug and perf completions while providing the efficiency gain achieved using sliding sleeves. In basins where open hole completions are prohibitive, such as the Eagle Ford, for example, operators now have a cemented sliding sleeve option built on the industry-leading FracPoint system. We are driving efficiencies in our Pressure Pumping business through technology introduction. Last year, Baker Hughes was the first to announce the introduction of hydraulic fracturing pumps able to operate on diesel and natural gas. And today, we remain at the industry forefront of bifuel deployment. Demand for our Rhino Bifuel has been outstanding. In this quarter, we completed several stimulation treatments in the U.S. and Canada using full fleets of bifuel-capable frac units. Today, in collaboration with a growing client base, we offer this technology using either LNG, CNG or the customer's own line gas. We are accelerating the deployment of Rhino Bifuel throughout North America by retrofitting several existing fleets in order to have the largest number of bifuel fleets available to the market. And we believe bifuel-powered pumping technology will rapidly become this industry's norm. Pressure Pumping pricing remains low, but we believe it has stabilized. However, even in a poor pricing environment, we continue to increase profitability of this product line through the actions we are taking to improve operating efficiency and fleet utilization, including the introduction of new technologies. Now turning to one of the most exciting areas of our North America business, the offshore market. The ongoing shift within the Gulf of Mexico to include more development work is playing to our strength in completions and production. In the second quarter, we achieved an industry first. Using our Blue Dolphin stimulation vessel, we performed 6 individual multi-zone fracpacks on a single well in a single trip. The project required high pump rates and high volumes, including the largest volume of proppant ever pumped into a single well in the Gulf of Mexico. For any other lower-volume vessel, this project would have taken multiple trips to shore to resupply or multiple vessels on location. Recently, we announced the addition of a third vessel to this growing market, and this afternoon, we will take part in her christening. She is deepwater capable and is planned to be operational later in the third quarter. We're also introducing new capabilities on the Drilling & Evaluation side. And during the second quarter, we successfully completed a high-profile evaluation operation on an ultra-deepwater high-temperature appraisal well. The project included the deployment of several recently introduced wireline technology services, including RCX Sentinel, focused sampling, GeoExplorer imaging, MaxCOR rotary coring and Nautilus high-pressure high-temperature logging. Our strength in North American offshore markets is also growing north of the border. During the second quarter, we gained drilling services share in the offshore market in eastern Canada, advancing our foothold in this small, but yet very critical market. In the past, I've talked about 3 technology-based themes underpinning long-term profitable growth for Baker Hughes. They are: increasing well complexity, improving drilling efficiency and improving ultimate recovery. Now the majority of our technology investment is aligned accordingly, and today, I'd like to highlight a new breakthrough product that takes a substantial step towards addressing the third theme, ultimate recovery. Our artificial lift product line has been testing a promising new technology to boost production rates and ultimate recovery for unconventional shale wells. As you know, these wells have a very steep decline in production in the first few years, so the challenge was to develop an electrical submersible pump that could operate at low -- at lower flow rates typically associated with rod lift products, while providing the reliability and overall efficiencies of an ESP. The new FleX pump series ESP does just that. It is engineered to handle a broader range of production rates and can operate in low-flow wells, down to 50 barrels per day. This is the right product at the right time, and it expands our North American ESP market by over $1 billion. And it provides our customers with a more sophisticated solution, one that provides superior reliability and variable drawdown capability. We successfully field-tested FleX pump in the Eagle Ford, the Bakken, the Permian and the Central basins. And in some cases, these early tests are showing production increases up to 35%, along with more reliable gas handling at lower pump pressures when compared to traditional rod lift systems in offset wells and like all ESPs, without the normal tubing wear caused by rod lift in deviated wells. This has the potential to be the next great breakthrough in artificial lift technology, and it's innovations like the ones I've just mentioned that will drive long-term profitable growth here at Baker Hughes. At the same time and equally important, we remain 100% focused on the near term, improving the quality of our earnings, remaining capital-disciplined and generating free cash [ph]. And with that, Trey, let's turn it over for some questions.
Trey Clark: Thank you, Martin. At this point, I'll ask the operator to open our lines for your questions. [Operator Instructions] Lorraine, could we have the first question, please.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from James West from Barclays.
James C. West - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Martin, as you think about North America in the second half of the year, you obviously highlighted a lot of traction, or good traction in your pumping business in terms of utilization. We've got the new ESP that you just mentioned and went through the technology there. You've also got some strengths in production chemicals, things like that. Yet, it looks like kind of estimates, at least our estimates, other estimates out there, have a pretty wide margin gap between yourself and some of your peers. And admittedly, we haven't seen one of your peers' numbers just yet. We'll see those on Monday. But how quickly do you think -- or I guess, 2 things. I guess, one, do you think that there is a structural gap between your margin potential and theirs? And two, if not, how quickly do you think you can close that margin gap?
Martin S. Craighead: That's a great question, James. Thanks for asking it. First of all, there's not a structural impairment. As we've highlighted before, our -- one of -- our largest product line in North America is operating at differentially low performance, economically. That all said, it's making -- it is the product line with the most momentum in terms of improvement across the globe for us right now. So it's a locomotive that is starting to churn out, and it made some very nice improvement and as I highlighted, 2 quarters in a row. In this particular quarter, the slope of the curve is picking up even more. So it's really starting to come together. And in that -- and that is the only issue that we -- I believe we have in North America. We like our portfolio, we -- both in terms of product line and in geographies. Highlighted the diversifications going on in Canada, the strength in the Gulf of Mexico, our mix with our ships versus our peer group, and the non-pressure pumping businesses are performing extremely, extremely well. And in that particular business, if you remember, about a year ago, a little over a year ago, we highlighted the issues that we were facing, and one of the most critical, at the time, were the -- was the people utilization, an action was taken and realignment made. The customer mix is pretty much where we want it to be, and the big issue there was having the right customers in the right locations, and being able to get on 24-hour operations, and that's behind us. I think the issue still lies around some issues around transportation and logistics, and those are things we're still working through. So no structural. And in terms of timing, I don't want to put my finger on that because it's a volatile business, as you know. But for us, we don't expect any more price erosion going forward. We did experience a little from 1 to 2, but I think that's behind us, so it's upward and onward from here.
James C. West - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Okay. And the transportation issues that you highlighted, I mean, those don't seem like -- I'm not trying to pin you down too much on timing, but they don't seem like that's an issue that's going to take years to progress. I mean, it seems like in a couple of quarters or something where you can kind of fix those issues. Is that a fair assessment?
Martin S. Craighead: It's not -- that's a fair assessment. It's not years, that's for sure.
James C. West - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Right. Okay, good. And then just one last follow-up for me. You're over 50% utilization, I believe -- or 50% 24-hour operations on pumping today. That originally was the goal, I believe, for year-end. So what's the new goal now?
Martin S. Craighead: Well, I'll tell you this, this time next year, I'm hoping that it starts with a 7. But we're not at 50%. There's -- we have -- we hit 50% a couple of times in the quarter, the high midweek times, but it's really averaged around 45%. I just want to calibrate it a little differently here.
Operator: And our next question comes from Bill Herbert from Simmons & Company.
William A. Herbert - Simmons & Company International, Research Division: Sort of tackling the North American margin question a little bit differently. In a world in which we have relatively range-bound commodity prices and a continued positive delta between kind of well count and rig count and E&P capital spending moving methodically higher, what do you think is a reasonable expectation for targeted normalized North American margins? What should -- what do you think -- in that kind of world in which we're growing but not melting up and we continue to prosecute the North American growth story, yet the rate of change remains relatively methodical, what should be the normalized margin after you make all these adjustments which have plagued you from a sort of operational standpoint, logistical standpoint, supply chain standpoint, et cetera?
Martin S. Craighead: Well, if you also factor in what you didn't mention, the -- hopefully, capital discipline that begins to permeate the service sector as much as it's permeated our customers, I'd say, if that's sustainable and pretty much around the Pressure Pumping business, once the cost of capital -- we all start earning our cost of capital again, I'd say mid- to high-teens is probably a fair expectation, assuming no sharp swings in the market.
Peter A. Ragauss: And Bill, this is Peter. Don't forget, you still got an overhang on that Pressure Pumping capacity somewhere circa 20%, and that's kind of an unnatural position for the industry to be in. So if that overhang melts away through attrition, which we expect it will with, like you said, well count increasing, then that's -- I think what Martin said is easily achievable. But that's going to -- again, that's going to take quite some time to get that overhang out of here so...
William A. Herbert - Simmons & Company International, Research Division: Right. Peter, don't worry, I'm not going to go to high-teens margins right away. But I hear you, and that is a valid point. Martin, with regard to year-end, is it unrealistic or unreasonable to expect -- I mean, you're going to get a seasonal recovery in the third quarter with regard to Canada. We've got the new frac vessel being deployed in the Gulf of Mexico. We've got ongoing utilization gains domestically. Is it unreasonable to assume that North America margins by year-end kind of get to somewhere approaching the low-teens?
Martin S. Craighead: I don't know if that's unreasonable, but I think that's maybe on the optimistic side of where we think. Again, the big part is the recovery in the Pressure Pumping business. And remember, to follow up on your first point, correct in 2 to 3 in Canada. 3 to 4 in Canada is obviously nowhere near as dramatic, so that's a big factor as well.
William A. Herbert - Simmons & Company International, Research Division: Understood, and that's what I've got modeled. But essentially, low-teens ambitious but doable is what I'm hearing for year-end. Is that correct?
Martin S. Craighead: Yes, ambitious is definitely correct.
Peter A. Ragauss: Yes, I'd probably box it in a little bit more. I'd say it's ambitious to be in the low-teens. It's plausible, certainly, to be double digits.
William A. Herbert - Simmons & Company International, Research Division: Okay. And then, secondly, with regard to Latin America, I'm not sure if my math is all that crisp, given all the adjustments that we made. But I mean I get to kind of -- after you back out the bad debt provision, something around a 1.2% or 1.3% margin for the second quarter, something like that. And then you guys mentioned a high-single digit margin, hopefully, by year-end. What should we assume for the third quarter, just as a guess? And moreover, revenues for second half of the year in Latin America, is it reasonable just to assume that we're going to be flat-ish with the second quarter? So help me on top line, as well as for second half of the year, in Latin America and margins for the third quarter.
Peter A. Ragauss: Revenues for the second half, we've got new projects starting up. I would say -- we tend to view Q2 as pretty much an anomaly with -- in terms of revenue and certainly, in terms of costs. So revenues ought to be up a little bit second half with new projects. And we would -- and we are expecting improvement in Q3 over Q2 after adjusting out the bad debt. So it may not be exactly linear between what we said our exit rate would be, but certainly an improvement from here.
Operator: And our next question comes from Jim Wicklund from Crdit Suisse.
James Knowlton Wicklund - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: From a technical point of view -- I know that you guys internationally -- and you talked about Eastern Hemisphere, which was great. From a technical point of view, there's been a lot of talk about who is and isn't making up ground on industry leaders, and I know you guys have lost a little bit of market share over the last year or 2 to some of your competitors. Is this a recapture of market share based on technology, just a reversion to the mean of activity? Is it being led by technology? Can you talk a little bit about the slow grind up internationally that we've seen for years? And you guys are setting records. I'm just -- a little bit more of a deep dive into what the Baker Hughes internal effort is in that regard. What are you trying to lead with?
Martin S. Craighead: Jim, it's -- as you know, it's -- there's always a heavy, heavy theme of technology deployment in that part of the world. That -- I can't say that, that's changed over the last, let's say, 5 years. The differentiating component for us has been the absorption and maturing of the geomarket organization, which has led, I think, to some better product developments based on the fact that we've been getting closer to our customer. Also, you remember there was quite a bit of infrastructure build in a lot of places. And just being closer, having a better operation that you can work from, having still the leading products in many categories, but having that better conversation, being closer to the customer, having a single point of contact, getting out of the organizational barriers that can hinder a divisionally oriented company like we were, I think that's probably -- and that's from a -- that's a thing that just kind of just keeps growing in terms of getting better. Okay?
James Knowlton Wicklund - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Okay. And my follow-up, if I could, is along the same lines. I know that several -- I know you guys have increased the infrastructure internationally over the last couple of years, and now you have bases in place that you might not have had a couple of years ago. And I would assume that, that levels the playing field on competition. Can you give us an idea of about how much or percent of capital, however you want to do it, we should look at, over the last couple of years, as kind of sunk costs that now should start to deliver results, if you would, from -- on an international basis?
Peter A. Ragauss: Yes. Jim, we've been spending $200 million, $300 million a year on infrastructure for the past almost 4 years now, so call it $1 billion, a little bit more than that on infrastructure overall. Much of that was international. More recently, we built out our bases domestically in some of the oily basins for Pressure Pumping. But the only thing we're spending money now is the tail end of finishing up some of those projects, some of those are 2- to 3-year projects. We haven't really sanctioned much new in the past 12 to 18 months, and so most of that spend is behind us now.
Operator: And our next question comes from Kurt Hallead from RBC Capital Markets.
Kurt Hallead - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Martin, I was wondering if you could provide us with an update on the growth prospects in Saudi and then in the other countries that surround Saudi? I think there's been some varying data points around rig activity progression for Saudi market in particular. I was wondering if you might be able to give us a quick update on that.
Martin S. Craighead: I can tell you what our perspective is. But let's go back a little bit so everybody can get recalibrated. Six months ago, there was a lot of excitement out there about what kind of rigs were going to be added. They didn't, but it's our understanding that they will reach their final objective. It's been pushed out, though, to probably the end of 2014, so another 18 months. But from here on out, I believe that -- we believe the rigs will begin coming into the Kingdom. So the final number that Saudi Aramco was aiming towards, we believe, will become a reality. It's just probably 6 months behind.
Kurt Hallead - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And then with respect to Iraq, what's the expectation in terms of the margin dilution as the year goes on? I think you've discussed in the past that the margin dilution will continue to, say, diminish. I know you had some third-party passthrough costs here. So how do we think about that evolution throughout the course of the year?
Martin S. Craighead: Kurt, as Peter said, we're on 12 rigs now. We'll be mobilizing for 3 more workover rigs in the next couple of quarters. This quarter, we were breakeven, and I expect that Iraq will be contributing EPS by the end of the year. Now I think the nature of the beast that we all have to understand with that market, at least the way the market is now, given the significant amount of passthrough revenue, it's going to be a dilutive -- dilutive to margins, but EPS accretive.
Operator: And our next question comes from Scott Gruber from Bernstein.
Scott Gruber - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: Can you provide some details on the Soledad project down in Mexico? What's the capital commitment down there? What's the expected revenue stream? A little bit on potential passthrough revenues that would dilute the margins.
Martin S. Craighead: Okay. I don't want to peg the revenue stream yet, Scott, or margin projections. I will tell you that we're really, really happy and excited about this. It's not a big scale project. It's 1 drilling rig, 1 workover rig. It's -- the total capital commitment over a couple of years, it's public information at least down there, so I don't mind sharing that, it's around -- between $60 million and $65 million over 2 years. But it's a nice infill drilling, workover play. We've been very successful with the Carrillo [ph] lab down there, which is in the same general vicinity where we've taken production up -- over threefold from where -- when we inherited the field less than 2 years ago. So the reservoir engineering folks, our production engineers, we've been able to really define some targets. We're drilling some horizontal wells in the Carrillo [ph], and we'll be doing that in this block. So it's a nice -- it'll turn into a nice service incentive contract for us starting in Q1, Q2 next year.
Scott Gruber - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: Got it. And then an unrelated follow-up. Earlier in the year, Halliburton and now here today, Schlumberger have dedicated themselves to returning more cash to shareholders. You were free cash flow positive in 2Q and margin outlook is improving here over the second half of the year. What are your thoughts regarding increasing the dividend or buying back shares?
Peter A. Ragauss: Yes. This is Peter. We review this every quarter with the board. The good news is we now have something to talk about. Before, we haven't been free cash flow positive on a regular basis. We weren't free cash flow positive in the first quarter, so this is a pretty strong quarter for us. We're expecting future quarters to continue to deliver free cash flow. And when that starts to be delivered on a reliable basis, we'll be in a position to be able to consider shareholder distributions.
Operator: And our next question comes from Bill Sanchez from Howard Weil.
William Sanchez - Howard Weil Incorporated, Research Division: I wanted to circle back on Latin America, and I can appreciate the comments in Brazil that you made to start the call. I guess, as a point of clarification, those assets that are in Brazil that, I guess, now need to find a new home, we're targeting those in Norway, in the Middle East, I believe you said, I guess, is point one. And then number two, just to follow up on Mexico, specifically. I guess my understanding prior to this call was -- is that the company has made it a top priority to increase your share there. I know Mexico as a percentage of your overall Latin America revenue is relatively low. Now you talk about cost cutting in Mexico. I guess just try to discuss -- or if you could just spend a little time discussing the outlook, and how do you see Mexico for Baker Hughes longer term?
Martin S. Craighead: That's a great question. Thanks for asking it. Well, PEMEX even before the emergence of Petrobras, at least from our calculations, the product lines that we participate in, PEMEX has consistently been the largest spender in Latin America. And you're right, we've been kind of obvious by our smaller position there, and it's a variety of reasons. But we set out a while back to change that, and the cost cutting is transitory because it is still a place we're going to invest and grow and increase both share and margins. And we have a plan to do that, and we have a line of sight to some of it. The cost cutting that Peter mentioned was really around -- and fully necessary, was given the abrupt nature and the budgetary issues of PEMEX encountered in -- and cutoff spending in the north. Whatever share we have in Mexico, the preponderance of our activity is in the north, so we didn't have much in the way of to fall back on offshore or in the south. And so the cost cutting was necessary. And -- but like I say, that's -- and it kind of helps go to explaining the -- I believe Peter mentioned this, the sharp decrementals because there were some rig cancellation costs and things like that, that we had to take care of in Mexico. But as I said, as Peter said, that's kind of behind us.
William Sanchez - Howard Weil Incorporated, Research Division: Okay. As a follow-up, unrelated follow-up, Peter, typically in Canada in 3Q, you recover about 1/2 of the lost profitability you see first to second quarter. Is that a fair assumption for 3Q this year?
Peter A. Ragauss: Yes. As -- there are a couple of data points we already sprinkled in, which is Canada this year was about $0.03 lower than last year. So we can sort of add that back. And then you've got -- we're expecting Canada in Q3 to be just as sprightly as it was last year, if not a little bit better. So your -- our biggest single swing factor from Q2 to Q3 is Canada, and it's a sizable amount, as is typical, maybe a little bit more this time around.
William Sanchez - Howard Weil Incorporated, Research Division: So very high decrementals you had on that lost revenue in 2Q. Is getting to a 10% margin in 3Q in North America third quarter, is that a reasonable target, Peter?
Peter A. Ragauss: I think that's a possible -- possibility.
Operator: And our next question comes from Mike Urban from Deutsche Bank.
Michael W. Urban - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: So you talked a little bit about the pushback of -- in terms of the Saudi's plans by 6 months or so, which we had heard as well. Is that just kind of stretching things out, being more operationally efficient? Or are they struggling, in some cases, to get equipment or rigs? And I guess, just the obvious difference being the tightness of the market, not only in Saudi, but in the region. So if you could give us a little bit of color on that, that would be helpful.
Martin S. Craighead: I don't want to speculate on the reasons necessarily for the delay. I think it had to do with getting the right rigs, getting their projects lined out. But as I confirmed on the earlier question, it's our understanding now that most of those rigs are secured and identified to be shipped to Saudi. So yes, we push out 6 months, and the tightness in the market is real. I don't want to speculate, because, I think, we all fell victim to speculating on what it may do to price 6 months ago. So I'm just going to reserve judgment, but it certainly should have an upward bias. And I'll just leave it at that.
Michael W. Urban - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay. So -- and then maybe to ask it a little more broadly. I mean, what are you seeing pricing-wise in the broader international markets? Are there pockets of strength in certain regions? Are you seeing it across the board? Is it product or service line specific? Just a little more color on that will be great.
Martin S. Craighead: Sure, okay. I can tell you that I was surprised by some of the reports that came in, parts of Asia Pacific, as well as parts of the Middle East, where a couple of products lines have actually increased prices, albeit small. But it's been a while since that's been visible at this level of the company. There have been some public tender openings in a couple, again, Asian countries, where the estimates came in higher than what they call the operator estimates, meaning that between the NOC and the IOC, all the bids from the big 3 service companies exceeded their desire, and that's a good signal. So there's some discipline coming in. So -- but on the other hand, Asia Pacific, I think, has been the place where needed the most improvement. In moving north of there -- outside of North Africa, there's really no place that I wouldn't be expecting that we're seeing greater buoyancy in pricing going forward. All the big contracts are kind of behind us, as been previously stated and you well know. So here it's -- to use that overused term, which is to grind higher, I think.
Operator: And our next question comes from David Anderson from JPMorgan.
John David Anderson - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Just a question on pricing on the North America side. I can see that progressing right now. Peter, I think you had said you're starting to see attrition in some of the overhang of Pressure Pumping out there. It sounds like things have been pretty rational from a competitive standpoint. Do you think you can get pricing kind of towards the end of the year. And I guess I'm just kind of curious what are you guys modeling kind of internally as you think out for the next kind of 3 or 4 quarters? Are you expecting to see pricing in some of those numbers?
Peter A. Ragauss: In North America, specifically, we're not modeling any pricing increases. We have been getting -- well, we have been getting some price in the Gulf now for a while just because that's ramped up so quickly and everybody was short on equipment there. But in terms of land, we're not modeling any pricing increases. Pricing has held up in our other product lines, but Pressure Pumping, we're not modeling any pricing increases.
John David Anderson - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Well, like, what about on the completion side? I guess I'm kind of wondering about, say, in the Bakken, different areas like that. Are you getting any kind of better pricing in that side of the business?
Martin S. Craighead: It's holding up there pretty well. The -- David, it's -- for now, it's new products, new technology where you can get a premium price, whether it's on the artificial lift side or on the drilling side. But as Peter mentioned, it's pretty much a balanced market at this point.
John David Anderson - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Yes. I was just kind of curious kind of overall with all the things we continue to hear about this kind of pad drilling starting to expand in different markets. Can you give me a sense of kind of -- roughly kind of how much of your business do you think is on the pad drilling side and where you think that can go, say, over the next 12 months?
Martin S. Craighead: Well, I don't want to tell you this percentage, but it's -- the amount of revenue that we earned this quarter is twice what we earned this time last year. And I don't want to tell you the magnitude of that. I'll let you judge that. But it's surprising how much is being converted to these pad locations so quickly. Now that may be part -- in part because of our product mix, particularly the AutoTrak Curve and so forth, so I don't know if it's inordinately high for us. Certainly, as well, relative to last year, the way we re-architected, redesigned our frac fleets and changed our customer mix may have also accelerated us in that space. But it's 100% year-on-year on the pads.
John David Anderson - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: How does the pad side impact your profitability? Let's say, we had, had 2 wells side-by-side, 1 set on pad, 1 set not on pad, can you give me a sense of kind of order of magnitude on kind of what that does to your numbers?
Martin S. Craighead: On the Pressure Pumping, it's between a 30% and 50% increase in margin. It's huge.
Operator: And our last question comes from Jud Bailey from ISI Group.
Judson E. Bailey - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: I had one more follow-up on Latin America, just to understand kind of getting us back to the high-single digit number in terms of margin by the fourth quarter. Obviously, you have some cost cuts you're undergoing in Brazil and Mexico. To get to that type of margin, are you relying on any projects you see coming up in either country that would help margins get up? Or is that just simply kind of rightsizing the business for the new level of activity you have in those markets?
Peter A. Ragauss: It's a little of both. We don't stand still. We've got -- we've picked up some share in various places. We're expecting activity to pick up in a couple places in some new projects. So revenue will contribute to that, but the bulk of it will be rightsizing Brazil, and that will take us through the third quarter to get there. So it's a little bit of revenue help, but it's a lot of just rightsizing the business in Brazil.
Judson E. Bailey - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: Got it, great. And then my follow-up is on the Gulf of Mexico. Obviously, the narrative there remains pretty positive. And I apologize if I missed it, but did you say how much did -- can you say how much Gulf of Mexico revenue grew during the quarter sequentially?
Peter A. Ragauss: We don't break that out. We didn't say it.
Judson E. Bailey - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: Okay, all right. And then just going forward, you're adding another frac boat in the third quarter. Are we still not expecting to see material revenue increases though until 2014? Or do we see some margin improvement before that since you seem to be getting better utilization on your frac boats in the Gulf?
Martin S. Craighead: I think you can model in some contribution in the -- towards this end of Q4 and a full utilization into 2014.
Judson E. Bailey - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then the FLeX pump you guys talked about on the artificial lift side, can you -- you outlined kind of the revenue opportunity there. Could you talk a little more about perhaps how quickly you think you can roll that product out commercially and how to think about how quickly that can really start to contribute to North America results?
Martin S. Craighead: Well, I can tell you it's going to start contributing to our results immediately in terms of changing North America margins. One product, that isn't going to happen for a while, since we have about 1,300 different products in North America. But I will tell you that we're excited by this. It's a real, I think, substantial technical innovation. We estimate -- I don't want to tell you how many billions we estimate the artificial lift market for unconventionals to be, but we have well over half of it for ESPs. But we could only play in about 15% of that spend. This takes us to about 75% of that spend. And I tell you, this is not driven out of just wanting to put a better mousetrap out there. This is being driven, over the last couple of years, by our customers asking for a more elegant solution because, in many cases, Jud, as you know, these wells have come on at 1,500 barrels a day, but they know, in 24 months, it will be 300 barrels a day, 200 barrels a day, 100 barrels a day, given the hyperbolic decline. And they'd love to start with an ESP, but if they know, in 24 months, they're going to have to put a rod lift on it, they've avoided that, some of them, 85% of them. Now we can take them down to 50 barrels a day. It's a -- it gives them a whole different -- changes the discussion substantially. So we're pretty excited. But please, don't be changing your numbers based on one product at this stage. Okay?
Judson E. Bailey - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: No, we're not going to do that.
Operator: Thank you for participating in today's Baker Hughes Incorporated conference call. This call will be available for replay beginning at 10:30 a.m. Eastern time, 9:30 a.m. Central time, and will be available through 11:30 p.m. Eastern time on August 2, 2013. The number for replay is (888) 843-7419 in the United States or (630) 652-3042 for international calls. And the access code is 34835209. You may now disconnect.

===== 2013 Q1  (2013-04-19 08:00:00) =====
Executives: Trey Clark - Vice President of Investor Relations Martin S. Craighead - Chief Executive Officer, President and Director Peter A. Ragauss - Chief Financial Officer and Senior Vice President
Analysts: James C. West - Barclays Capital, Research Division Kurt Hallead - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division William A. Herbert - Simmons & Company International, Research Division James Knowlton Wicklund - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division John David Anderson - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Byron K. Pope - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc., Research Division James D. Crandell - Cowen Securities LLC, Research Division
Operator: Hello, my name is Sandra, and I'll be your conference facilitator. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Baker Hughes First Quarter 2013 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] I will now turn the conference over to Mr. Trey Clark, Vice President of Investor Relations. Sir, you may proceed.
Trey Clark: Thank you, Sandra. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to the Baker Hughes First Quarter 2013 Earnings Conference Call. Here with me today is our President and CEO, Martin Craighead; and Peter Ragauss, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Today's presentation and the earnings release that was issued earlier today can be found on our website at bakerhughes.com. During the course of this conference call, we will provide predictions, forecasts and other forward-looking statements. Although they reflect our current expectations, these statements are not guarantees of future performance, but involve a number of risks and assumptions. We urge you to review Baker Hughes' SEC filings for a discussion of some of the factors that could cause actual results to differ materially. Lastly, reconciliation of operating profit and other non-GAAP measures to GAAP results can be found on our earnings release and on our website in the Investor Relations section under Financial Information. And with that, I'll turn the call over to Martin Craighead. Martin?
Martin S. Craighead: Thanks, Trey, and good morning, everyone. Let me start off with a few comments about our results this quarter. First, North America took a step in the right direction, with growth in both revenue and margins. The results were driven by strong activity in Canada, along with improved utilization in our Pressure Pumping business. And we're starting to see the U.S. market settle down. The declines in spot pricing for well stimulation are showing signs of tapering off, and the onshore rig count is projected to begin climbing after more than a year of consecutive quarterly declines. Offshore, our customers experienced significant delays as the industry continues to adapt to changing regulations, and this is having an impact on our Gulf of Mexico business. Although these headwinds will probably persist for the short term, the long-term outlook remains bright. The number of ultra-deepwater projects continues to grow, and Baker Hughes is very well positioned to capitalize on these opportunities. Turning to our international business. Results were mixed. As expected, strong seasonal year-end product sales dropped off in the first quarter. Also, as we have previously communicated, startup costs to support our new contract in Norway had a negative impact on profitability for our Europe/Africa/Russia Caspian segment. Although our first quarter's results in this segment are disappointing, the long-term outlook is positive. The transition of Baker Hughes to the #1 provider of drilling services in the North Sea, an area known for the early adoption of new technologies, is more than just strategically important. This new business will drive long-term growth and profitability for years to come. And during the first quarter, we saw improved performance of our Middle East/Asia Pacific segment. We're building a strong integrated operations business in Iraq and growing our Saudi Arabia geomarket to include new work in the unconventionals. And gains in these markets were enough to overcome seasonal declines, and I'm pleased to see growth in both revenues and margins for this segment. And finally, I am pleased with the evolution of our product portfolio and our service offering, and I believe we are commercializing the very best innovations to meet our customers' needs, especially as we migrate unconventional technologies, such as our highly successful FracPoint sliding sleeve system from North America to places like China, Russia and now, Mexico. Later in the call, I'll provide more details on our outlook. But first, let me turn it over to Peter for details on the quarter and our guidance. Peter?
Peter A. Ragauss: Thanks, Martin, and good morning. This morning, we reported adjusted net income for the first quarter of $290 million or $0.65 per share. This excludes the $23 million or $0.05 per share charge for currency devaluation in Venezuela. On a GAAP basis, net income was $267 million or $0.60 per share. Revenue for the first quarter was $5.2 billion, which is down $95 million compared to the previous quarter. Adjusted EBITDA for the first quarter was $893 million, up 4% sequentially. To help in your understanding of the quarter's results, I'll bridge last quarter's earnings per share to this quarter. In the fourth quarter of 2012, we posted net income of $0.49 per share. First, add back $0.14 for the reserve in Latin America during the fourth quarter; add $0.02 for North America operations, as higher Canadian activity and improvements in our U.S. Pressure Pumping product line, partially offset by reduced profits in the Gulf of Mexico; subtract $0.07 for international operations due to seasonal year-end product sales in the fourth quarter that did not repeat and overall weakness in Europe/Africa/Russia Caspian, which was partially offset by increased activity in the Middle East; subtract $0.01 for Industrial Services due to seasonality; add $0.01 for lower corporate costs; and add $0.07 for lower effective tax rate. At this point our adjusted earnings per share is $0.65. To get to GAAP EPS of $0.60, subtract another $0.05 due to the currency devaluation in Venezuela. On Table 5 of our earnings release, we provide adjusted financial information, excluding the impact of the Venezuela currency devaluation on our segment results this quarter. From this point on in the conference call, any comments on revenue, operating profit and operating profit margin refer explicitly to Table 5 in our earnings release, unless otherwise stated. Revenue in North America was $2.6 billion, up $44 million or 2% sequentially. North America operating profit was $235 million, up $13 million sequentially. As a result, our North America operating profit margin was 9%, which is an improvement of 30 basis points sequentially. This sequential improvement was driven by several factors. In the U.S., despite a 3% decline in the onshore rig count, our Pressure Pumping product line realized improved revenue, operating profit and operating profit margin. Higher fleet utilization resulting from improved activity, share gains and more 24-hour operations and reduced guar costs contributed favorably during the quarter. These were partially offset by continued pricing declines. Our other product lines in U.S. land experienced a modest sequential reduction in activity in line with the decline in rig count during the quarter. In Canada, strong sequential rig count growth contributed favorably to our quarter's results. And finally, our Gulf of Mexico geomarket experienced an unexpected sequential reduction in revenue with high decrementals, primarily due to industry-wide activity delays while our customers managed a variety of regulatory and operational challenges. As a result, Baker Hughes experienced inefficiencies that contributed to our profit decline. Moving to international results. Revenue was $2.3 billion, down $133 million or 5% versus the prior quarter and up $127 million or 6% compared to a year ago. International operating profit was $281 million, down $44 million sequentially, excluding the Q4 reserve in Latin America. International operating profit margin was 12%, down 110 basis points sequentially, again excluding the Q4 reserve in Latin America. Our Middle East/Asia Pacific segment delivered improved results during the quarter, with both record revenue and operating profit. Sequentially, revenue grew $12 million despite the seasonal decline in product sales. This improvement was primarily due to increased integrated operations activity in Iraq and Saudi Arabia, as well as activity gains in the U.A.E., Oman and Qatar. Operating profit increased $35 million sequentially largely due to improved operating efficiencies in Iraq. Operating profit margins were 13%, which represents a sequential increase of 380 basis points. In our Europe/Africa/Russia Caspian segment, we experienced a decline in revenue and operating profit. Operating profit margins were 11% in the first quarter. The revenue and profit decrease is primarily associated with strong seasonal year-end product sales in Africa and Russia during the fourth quarter that did not repeat. Seasonal declines in activity for Russia Caspian, along with project delays in the United Kingdom and Africa, also contributed to the reduction. As previously communicated, profit margins were further impacted by mobilization costs for our new integrated drilling services contract in Norway. And finally, in our Latin America segment, operating profit margin was 12.2%, which represents a sequential increase of 100 basis points relative to the Q4, excluding the reserve. Revenue declined during the quarter primarily due to year-end product sales that did not repeat. Activity improvements in Brazil and our Mexico field lab project partially offset these reductions. For our Industrial Services segment, which includes our Process and Pipeline Services business, revenue was $289 million, down $6 million sequentially. Operating profit was $24 million, down $3 million sequentially, and operating profit margin was 8.3%. Reduced revenues and profits were primarily due to seasonality in our Process and Pipeline Services business, partially offset by activity improvements in our specialty polymers business. Looking at the balance sheet. We ended the quarter with $1.1 billion in cash, up $86 million from the prior quarter. Total debt increased $176 million during the quarter to $5.1 billion. Currently, our total-debt-to-capital ratio is 23%. Capital expenditures for the quarter were $490 million, down $237 million compared to the last quarter and in line with recent guidance. Now let me provide you with our guidance for the remainder of the year. In the U.S., onshore rig activity is projected to improve. In the first quarter, we exited with 1,748 rigs. We anticipate that the rig count will rise to an average of 1,800 rigs for the second quarter. This would be the first increase in U.S. rig count following sequential declines over 5 consecutive quarters. And the rig count is expected to rise over the second half of the year. In total, the increase from the first quarter is expected to be about 100 rigs, to a Q4 average rate of approximately 1,850 rigs. The average annual rig count for 2013 is projected to be 1,810 rigs, composed of approximately 1,400 oil rigs and 410 gas rigs. The U.S. rig count includes offshore rigs, which are still expected to increase 8% to an average of 52 rigs in 2013, which is an increase of 4 deepwater rigs compared to 2012. In Canada, the second quarter rig count is projected to sequentially decline 70% to 160 average rigs due to spring break-up. The outlook for the second half of 2013 remains unchanged, with the rig count similar to the same period in 2012. Sequentially, we expect Q2 North America profit margins will decline primarily due to seasonality in Canada. Beyond Q2, anticipated U.S. onshore rig count growth, further utilization increases in our U.S. Pressure Pumping product line, improved Canadian activity and the shift of Gulf of Mexico activity from exploration to development are all expected to improve revenues and margins. Based on these activity drivers, we expect that Q2 will be the low point of our North America margins for 2013. Looking internationally. The average rig count is anticipated to grow steadily throughout 2013 to 1,316 rigs, with increases in every region. Excluding Iraq, this represents a 7% increase in the annual international rig count. Looking at our international margins. The Middle East/Asia Pacific segment should see steady growth as we continue to build our integrated operations in Iraq and drive improved profitability. Further growth in Saudi Arabia is expected to also generate continued margin improvement. In our Europe/Africa/Russia Caspian segment, margins should partially recover in Q2 as Russia's seasonality ends and activity picks up in the U.K. and Africa. However, there will be an additional quarter of mobilization cost for our Norway drilling contract. And in Latin America, we expect operating profit margins to decline slightly in the second quarter due to new customer delays in Mexico and our transition to lower levels of activity in Brazil. Beyond Q2, we expect margins should be similar to Q1 levels as new projects get underway in other parts of Latin America. Industrial Services activity is expected to increase in Q2 and Q3 as our PPS business ramps up following seasonal lows, with overall segment margins in the low mid-teens. Overall for Q2, we expect that profit improvements from our Eastern Hemisphere and Industrial Services segments should just offset profit declines in North America and Latin America. Also, for the second quarter, interest expense is expected to be about $55 million, corporate costs are expected to be around $75 million, depreciation and amortization expenses is expected to be around $420 million. Capital expenditures for the quarter are expected to be about $500 million. And finally, our 2013 full year effective tax rate is still expected to be between 32% and 33%. At this point, I will now turn the call back over to Martin. Martin?
Martin S. Craighead: Thanks, Peter. For the past 70 years, we've been providing data on rig activity through the Baker Hughes rig count. In addition to rig count, we also monitor a number of related indicators throughout North America that provide us greater insight on both market conditions and activity. And what we're seeing right now is that most of these indicators are trending in the right direction. One of these indicators is drilling efficiency, and for the past several quarters, we've reported on these trends in the U.S. During the first quarter of the year, we measured a sharp drop in drilling efficiencies across the U.S. rig fleet, which is fairly common during the winter months when rig movements can be delayed by weather. And this year, the Mid-Continent and Rockies were hit particularly hard. This also explains why our U.S. onshore activity was down for most of our product lines compared to the fourth quarter. But we expect the trend in improving drilling efficiencies to resume and forecast another 5% improvement for 2013. This means that even though the average U.S. rig count is projected to be down 6% year-on-year, the total well count will essentially be flat, with roughly 35,000 wells drilled in the United States in both years. There are also specific leading indicators for the Pressure Pumping business, most notably stages per day, revenue per stage and fleet utilization rates. And although spot pricing continued its decline in the first quarter, albeit slowly, Baker Hughes noted an 11% increase in stages per day during the quarter. Our fleet utilization also improved, a direct result of recent share gains and more 24-hour operations. In fact, we ended the quarter with 40% of our fleets working on 24-hour projects. So while rig counts for Q1 and in fact, for all of last year have been declining, drilling efficiencies and well count, along with well complexity, are trending favorably. And when these are coupled with structural improvements in our Pressure Pumping product line, we are confident we will continue to see sequential improvement in our U.S. onshore business. Whether it is drilling services, completions technology, flow assurance chemicals or artificial lift, Baker Hughes has been leading innovation and technology development for the U.S. basins for more than a century. We are bringing the same level of differential capability to our Pressure Pumping product line. For example, last year, we introduced bifuel technology to a handful of units in the U.S. and Canada. This technology, known as Rhino Bifuel, replaces up to 70% of the diesel normally required to power the pumps with natural gas, resulting in reduced emissions without sacrificing any performance. And following a series of successful operations in the Rockies, customer demand for Rhino Bifuel is expanding, and as a result, we have a number of new customers that are now choosing Baker Hughes for well stimulation. To support demand, we are converting several fleets to be capable of bifuel operations. In addition to Pressure Pumping, our other product lines remained strong in the United States, and we are continuing to introduce differentiating technologies across these product lines as well. For example, we recently introduced a new composite plug milling technology, which incorporates proprietary metallurgy to improve performance. On a recent operation in the Bakken, we successfully milled 52 plugs during 1 trip, a record in that basin. This efficiency saved a major customer 4 days of operating time. In the past, this operation would have taken 3 milling runs over 6 days. This is yet another example of the innovations that Baker Hughes is delivering to the market that is dramatically cutting the time required for our customers to drill, complete and bring a well online. It's these continuous innovations and technology introductions that are driving the efficiency numbers and generating significant cost savings for our customers and ultimately improving the economics of the unconventionals. To this end, we continue to strengthen our position in sliding sleeve applications, including combining these products with other services and technologies. By incorporating intelligent well system technology into our coiled tubing-deployed sliding sleeve system for a customer in the Bakken, we were able to identify that the first 4 frac stages during a job would not produce as expected. Using data from the intelligent well system, we modified the fluid properties and sand concentration for the remaining frac stages, resulting in dramatically improved performance for our customer. Moving to Canada. We had a full quarter of activity, thanks in part to the later arrival of the spring break-up and strong activity with the mid-cap operators. Nevertheless, we are already experiencing near-shutdown conditions from the break-up, and the rig count has dropped 70% compared to the Q1 average. Looking to the second half of the year in Canada. Differentials could be down year-on-year, and as more takeaway capacity comes online, this is likely. And we expect second half activity to be similar to or slightly better than the same period last year. Turning to the Gulf of Mexico. As Peter mentioned, there have been industry-wide delays in rig activity, primarily from issues our customers are facing regarding certification of rig equipment and pressure controller systems. As a result, our Gulf of Mexico revenue and margins decreased sharply this quarter, but we do expect activity to sequentially improve. The investments Baker Hughes has made over the last few years in preparing this business for increased regulatory scrutiny have helped position us as a leading supplier of well construction and production services in the Gulf. Further, the investments we've made in world-class technology centers, coupled with our advanced stimulation vessels, have also helped position us to capture opportunities in the ultra-deepwater frontier. We anticipate that within this decade a $15 billion oil field services market will materialize in the ultra-deepwater Gulf of Mexico, and we're preparing today to create the highly customized products and services these challenging wells will require. During the quarter, we opened the offshore center for cementing fluids and chemicals in Lafayette to be closer to our customers' Gulf operations. And in order to support the challenges of subsea boosting, later this year, we plan to open the artificial lift research and technology center in Claremore, Oklahoma. When complete, this facility will house the industry's most extensive electrical submersible pump testing capabilities and will drive industry-leading advancements in reliable ultra-deepwater subsea lift technologies. Now turning to our international business. I'd like to start with our Middle East/Asia Pacific segment. I'm very proud of our progress there. It's unusual for us to increase revenue in Q1 following year-end product sales in any international segment. However, our team there grew revenue 1% sequentially and also recorded a meaningful jump in margins. In fact, for the first time, our Middle East/Asia Pacific region ended the quarter as our largest international segment. This quarter's results can be attributed to strong operational performance, most notably from Saudi Arabia, the United Arab Emirates, Oman and Iraq. In Iraq, our integrated operations work continues to expand. This time last year, we embarked on an ambitious plan to have 9 rigs up and running. We've now exceeded our plans and ended the first quarter with 11 rigs operating, and we will more than likely add another 1 or 2 rigs by the end of 2013. We expect our Iraq business will still experience some volatility and the cost of mobilizing rigs remains high. But as long as things progress according to plan, we possess the critical mass and operational experience to begin generating profit from Iraq in the second half of the year. Additionally, in Saudi Arabia, we project another 30 rigs will be added to the fleet in the Kingdom by the end of this year. Much of this additional capacity will be dedicated to the development of unconventional gas. We've heard a lot of talk about the potential of unconventional development in international markets, and this is a very significant effort to develop an unconventional basin on a large scale outside of North America. To prepare for this, we opened our center for unconventional technology in Dhahran early last year. In Q1 of this year, we successfully completed our first unconventional stimulation job in Saudi Arabia, and we are mobilizing additional horsepower to support future operations in this region. We expect the upcoming jump in activity to add momentum to Saudi Arabia's neighbors, so we anticipate the surrounding Gulf states will also increase drilling activity. In Kuwait, we've steadily grown our share of drilling services. And during the first quarter, we were awarded work to provide drilling services for an exploration rig targeting a deep Jurassic formation. These projects are high temperature, with lateral sections that can reach 2,500 meters. But based on current performance, we've been asked to take on a second rig. Activity growth in the Middle East could be the much-needed catalyst to finally drive pricing improvement throughout the Eastern Hemisphere. In Asia Pacific, we're seeing better profitability and a growing need for high-technology applications. In Japan, for example, Baker Hughes played a critical role in the development of the world's first successful marine methane-hydrate production test. Methane-hydrate deposits are commonly found offshore on the continental shelf and in Arctic regions. There are more methane-hydrate reserves in the world than conventional natural gas reserves. Although not currently economical, countries like Japan that don't have abundant sources of domestic conventional oil and gas are very interested in the potential energy that could be extracted from these methane-hydrates. On this particular project, we help to make this production test a reality by providing a very unique solution to depressurize the hydrates through the use of our electrical submersible pumps, intelligent well technologies and fiber optics. In addition, we provided completion tools, sand control services, Pressure Pumping and wellbore intervention services. Now turning to our Europe/Africa/Russia Caspian segment. Results were down for the quarter. While we expected the normal seasonal decline, there were also transitory cost issues in Norway and delays in the U.K. and Africa that were disappointing. Although Norway transitory costs continue into Q2, our outlook for the region in the second half is very positive. We recently introduced RCX Sentinel, our latest generation wireline fluid analysis service in the North Sea. This product provides our customers with more accurate fluid analysis in 1/4 of the time over previous generations' sampling services. The RCX Sentinel was launched in the Gulf of Mexico only a few months ago, and it's a good example of how we're rapidly deploying new products from our technology centers around the world. Another example of technology transfer is taking place across the unconventional market. Baker Hughes has been a leader in developing innovative technologies in the North American shale plays. And by leveraging our strength in well construction, we have positioned the FracPoint system as the #1 sliding sleeve product in the United States. And our product line management team is working with international operations to identify projects which can benefit as well from sliding sleeve technology. As a result, FracPoint has quietly been gaining momentum in Latin America, Europe and China. In this quarter, we received our largest order for FracPoint outside of North America to date to be delivered to a major customer in Russia the next 3 years. It wasn't too long ago that our business in Russia was comprised almost entirely of direct sales like these. In fact, about 70% of our business came from the sale of products such as drill bits, completion tools and artificial lift equipment. Yet today, only 30% of our Russian business comes from product sales, and the vast majority is now service-related. And it's equally spread between drilling and evaluation and completion and production. This diversification not only reduces the volatility of our business there, but it positions Baker Hughes to capture a greater share of technically-challenging and large-scale projects. As an example, during the quarter, we were awarded a significant contract for drilling services, including advanced logging-while-drilling systems. The scope of work includes drilling 437 wells in Western Siberia over the 3 years. Moving to our Latin American business. In the Andean region, although customers are still experiencing some delays with permits, our business is continuing to grow, particularly in the Llanos basin in Colombia, where our drilling and evaluation product lines have been very successful for a diverse customer mix. And in Mexico, despite some near-term customer delays, we are encouraged by the long-term opportunity there. Our work on our field lab has been particularly successful in improving production rates for our customer. This success can be attributed to the transfer of latest-generation technologies. And Mexico is yet another country where FracPoint orders are growing and helping our customer reduce the time to complete a well without sacrificing quality or reliability. Turning to our reservoir development service. During the quarter, Baker Hughes introduced its JewelSuite 3D subsurface modeling software, which incorporates 3D geomechanics functionality to minimize drilling risk and optimize well design. JewelSuite builds on the Baker Hughes JewelEarth platform and is designed to enable our customers to find sweet spots in the shale plays, understand conductivity better, optimize well placements and ultimately, plan the ideal fracture design. Now let me offer some final thoughts on the year ahead. First, if $4.00 natural gas prices hold, the increase should generate improved cash flows for our customers. And while we don't believe that $4 gas is enough to prompt the race back to the dry gas basins, these higher prices should help support, if not stimulate, additional investment in oil-directed drilling. We believe the North American market is on the road to recovery. Rig count is projected to rise from here. Drilling efficiencies are continuing to improve, and the Gulf of Mexico outlook is very positive for high-technology quality service providers. And for Baker Hughes, our U.S. Pressure Pumping business continues to take strides in the right direction, with improvement expected throughout the year. Internationally, our growing business in Norway and Iraq will drive margin improvement in the North Sea and Middle East as transitory costs for these businesses should wind down in the second quarter. Furthermore, a jump in Saudi Arabia activity holds promise for a long overdue inflection in pricing throughout the Eastern Hemisphere. Across all of these markets, we remain committed to leading in innovation, growing our expertise in reservoir development and integrated operations and expanding our core service offerings to include critical capabilities and emerging technologies. And finally, we continue to remain firmly committed to improving our return on capital and the quality of our earnings. Now with that, I'll turn it over to you, Trey.
Trey Clark: Thanks, Martin. At this point, I'll ask the operator to open up the lines for your questions. [Operator Instructions]. Sandra, could we have the first question, please.
Martin S. Craighead: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from James West from Barclays.
James C. West - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Martin, on the European business -- Europe/Africa/CIS business, obviously, Peter had articulated that margins would start to move up in 2Q, but you still have the impact of the startup costs. As we think about 3Q and I guess, early fourth quarter, could we be back to kind of more normalized Baker Hughes margin levels at that point? And of course, we would probably be on a much higher revenue base, too, with your leadership position that you're going to achieve in the North Sea.
Martin S. Craighead: I think that's a reasonable assumption, James. So, yes, I'd agree with that.
James C. West - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Okay, great. And then just one related follow-up for me. On the Pressure Pumping business, I think you mentioned you are 40% 24-hour operations today. Is there scope for you guys to take that percentage higher from here or are we leveling out?
Martin S. Craighead: No, our target for our team is 50% of the fleet by the end of the year. And a lot of that, as you know, James, is driven by the customer mix, which is trending in the right direction. So I'm confident we'll get there, 50% of the fleet.
Operator: Our next question comes from Kurt Hallead from RBC Capital Markets.
Kurt Hallead - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: So Martin, I'd have to say the tone of your commentary as it relates to the international market in general, I think, are the most, I think, optimistic or positive that I've heard from any service company probably going back to the 2007, 2008 time frame. It seems like a significant amount of that, as per your commentary hinges on Saudi. So how close do you think we are in terms of now -- is this like a second half pricing event in your view for the international marketplace? Or is it more a building block for pricing inflection going out into 2014? And then, maybe when you answer that question, can you help us put it in the context of is it -- do you think it could be similar to kind of the inflection that we saw from '06 to '08?
Martin S. Craighead: Okay. I would answer it this way, Kurt, certainly, the Middle East is the center of the world right now for the growth in activity, but it's not limited to there. And we've tried to take a measured tone with the outlook, and I appreciate the fact that you recognize how positive we are, but it's kind of a steady as she goes but trending in the right direction with maybe an increasing upward bias. We have been looking for a while for the catalyst, if you will, somebody to come out in the Eastern Hemisphere particularly and have very ambitious plans about expanding their production. And probably no surprise, once again, it's -- Saudi has stepped up and is mobilizing these rigs. And what we learned in the '05, '06 sequence was that Saudi's neighbors generally follow suit, and it drives a certain mentality across operators all across the Eastern Hemisphere in terms of access to people and equipment and particularly the higher-technology products and services that Saudi absorbs. So I'm very optimistic. I think we have all been frustrated with the lack of pricing traction. I wouldn't expect that it's going to be that meaningful in the second half, as you know, given the tendering cycles and delay of projects after a project is awarded in terms of when it starts. But given the momentum we're building into the second half of this year, all across the international and particularly our position in Europe, in Africa and of course, the Middle East, and we haven't even mentioned Iraq, given that momentum, '14, I think, is going to be stronger. And I'd be cautious about comparing it to the numbers we posted back in '05, '06 internationally, but it's a little early to tell if we can get there. But certainly, it's going in the right direction. There's no doubt about it.
Kurt Hallead - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And then I have a follow-up coming back around to the North American dynamic. You mentioned that well count would be kind of flat, I think, year-on-year. Given the efficiencies and so on and so forth and the incremental cash flow, how would you characterize a bias to that? Would you be more biased that you could see that number move up? And if it were to move up on the well count, do you think there's a possibility that could rapidly accelerate in the second half of the year?
Martin S. Craighead: I wouldn't say it's going to rapidly accelerate, but I'll say that I think there's a little bit more optimism out there with the favorability we've gotten on gas recently versus -- granted, it's just recently happened. There's a little bit of slight correction on the oil side. But I think the movement in gas has got a little bit more of an impact right now in terms of the temperament of our customers. And as I said, don't expect any kind of reactivation in the dry gas basins. If there was a pickup, it'd probably be the Marcellus first and the Haynesville last. But just putting a little bit more money in our customers' pockets, I think there's a lot of oil-directed drilling out there that's a little -- that's kind of on the margin, and we could see it move in the right direction. So I think, again, it's looking good in the second half and -- but we're not projecting any kind of takeoff in North America at this stage. I don't know, Peter, do you...
Peter A. Ragauss: But just mathematically, obviously, the rig count, we're projecting modest growth from here. If the rig count goes up and the efficiencies continue, then the well count by -- mathematically goes up high-single digits or double digit from here. And Q1 was a nice recovery over Q4. So if that trend continues, the number of wells drilled and the number of wells completed goes up and the number of stages goes up, and it's very positive.
Operator: Our next question comes from Bill Herbert from Simmons & Company.
William A. Herbert - Simmons & Company International, Research Division: A question for you here with regard to the Gulf of Mexico and the delays in the first quarter. Peter, do you have any -- are you able to kind of quantify the margin impact in the first quarter relative to what otherwise would have been the case have we not had the bolt issues in Q1?
Peter A. Ragauss: Yes, it probably costs us a few pennies kind of like the hurricane in the quarter so...
William A. Herbert - Simmons & Company International, Research Division: So call it, $0.02?
Peter A. Ragauss: Yes.
William A. Herbert - Simmons & Company International, Research Division: And if I heard you correctly, Martin, you expect a reversal of the burden in Q1 to become a benefit in the second quarter, correct?
Martin S. Craighead: On this -- the bolt issue is behind us, behind the industry. But there's a couple of issues, it's not just -- I mean, the bolts were kind of unexpected. It was dealt with. I think 11 rigs were affected. We had a large share of that, and that is behind us. But there's still a great deal of inefficiency. And Bill, I'm sure with all the customers you talk with, it reminds me of what we went through 18 months or 2 years ago with the permitting situation. A lot of confusion, customers are not going to run in the hole if everything is not checked out right. There's some new regulations with regards to testing the shear rams, pulling the stacks on a more frequent basis than before. And so -- and let's face it, in the past, I think, if you had redundancy, if one didn't -- one pod didn't check out, you were okay. Today, nobody's going to run in the hole unless everything checks out perfectly. So -- and then there's some moving -- still some moving dynamics on the regulations, and so it feels a lot like the permitting situation, which did sort itself out, but not in 1 quarter. So I mean, for your models, the bolts are behind us, but we still have some inefficiencies. Q2 is better than Q1. Q3 will be better than Q2, barring any weather issues. But it's not where it needs to be from a clarity around these regulations yet.
William A. Herbert - Simmons & Company International, Research Division: Right. But I mean, we averaged 27 deepwater rigs last year. We're at 37 today, and we're probably going to go on our way to 55 by early '15. So good Lord, the outlook is strong.
Martin S. Craighead: Right but outlook is strong on rig count. But you know that we added several rigs from Q4 to Q1, deepwater newbuilds, and let me tell you, the market contracted nearly double digits, Bill, because of the inefficiency. So the rig count is growing, but the inefficiency is growing faster. And now that will abate and eventually go away, but right now, I'd say for the next couple -- 2 to 3 quarters, I'm not going to try to guess when our government and our customers are going to get on the same page. And right now, it's affecting us.
Peter A. Ragauss: Bill, this is Peter. The rig count was up, I think, 6% sequentially in the Gulf, and we reckon the market was down more than that, more than -- negative of that.
William A. Herbert - Simmons & Company International, Research Division: That's fair. It's helpful. And then the second line of inquiry here relates to international. Peter, if I heard you correctly, average rig count 2013 up 7% versus 2012. Martin, considering you've got great sort of momentum in the Middle East, we've got some adjustments in Latin America, we've got delays in Europe, CIS, West Africa, with a strong outlook for the second half, are -- your revenues for 2013 internationally, should we expect them to be higher than the rig count?
Peter A. Ragauss: This is Peter. I'm just -- I think we're looking in line with the rig count overall for international year-over-year.
William A. Herbert - Simmons & Company International, Research Division: Okay. And on the margin front, would it be unreasonable for us to expect incremental margins year-over-year for the full year to start with a 3?
Martin S. Craighead: I guess a little high.
Peter A. Ragauss: Yes, I think it's high.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jim Wicklund from Crdit Suisse.
James Knowlton Wicklund - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Martin, I continue to be fascinated with your development of JewelSuite. And I realize that in terms of sales, things like Petrel are going to be hard to impossible to displace. But I would think that the internal use of your capability, especially in the unconventionals, would be a significant improvement. Can you say whether I'm right and expand on that?
Martin S. Craighead: I think you're exactly right, Jim. It's not our intention to -- and thanks for bringing up a competitor product name on our call, Jim. But it's not our...
James Knowlton Wicklund - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Sorry about that.
Martin S. Craighead: That's all right. It's not our intention to displace the incumbent in the installed base. But it is our intention to have a better product for our customers who choose to access it, and certainly, JewelSuite and JewelEarth, the platform is a much newer architecture than anything that's out there, including the big provider. And that enables our customers -- and I tell you, you're right, it's a lot about our own internal use as we work with our customers on these unconventionals, as we hook up with CGG and do some things on trying to high-grade the areas we're frac-ing and so forth. A lot of our IOC customers have expressed interest because, as they develop their own best-in-class analysis capabilities, they need to be able to not just port and connect, but weave the analysis into a new platform that's simulation all the way to the refinery, and JewelSuite can do that. So it's a much more receptive vehicle for the new stuff that our big customers are working on. And it's important to them because as they partner with IOC, NOCs and try to differentiate themselves, a lot of it is around their own intellectual property, and they just want to be able to use a platform that's more modern. So is it our intention to become a massive software house? Absolutely not. But to put a product out there that's better than anything else on the market, we'll let it do its own talk.
James Knowlton Wicklund - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Okay. And my follow-up, I know that a lot of investors think that business is terrible right now, but actually, domestically and internationally, relative to history, business is pretty good. And we're starting to see another round that seems -- of personnel cost hikes, higher turnover. A lot of the companies were reporting a significant pickup in turnover. Can you discuss your outlook on personnel cost inflation and turnover over the next year?
Martin S. Craighead: That's a good question. It's settled down a lot in North America. There was quite a bit of turnover in the Pressure Pumping business this time last year. It was abating, and then now it's down to normal levels and manageable levels. We are -- I think the industry is exceptionally tight on your subsurface expertise. There's a war on talent in that area, geoscientists, LWD, MWD, directional drillers. Once again, there's always a little bit of trickling back and forth between these big service companies. There's a bit of a leakage to your smaller providers, and there's probably been a pickup in leakage of our talent to our customers. That's just kind of par for the course. But I wouldn't -- we're not modeling any material inflation. I don't know, Peter, any...
Peter A. Ragauss: No, no, we're not. In fact, we're not modeling it. We're not seeing it. But you're right to point out that there's some pessimism about the industry. But when you look at the number of jobs we do internationally, we're at record levels. We've had 3 years in a row of growth in the international rig count. We're sold out in many places. The good news is we don't have high turnover internationally anyway, so we're not seeing any inflation there. But we had record revenues in all of our international segments in Q4, and we expect revenue growth again this year. So things are strong internationally in terms of activity levels, and that's why we're so optimistic about 2014.
Martin S. Craighead: And Jim, let me just follow up. I know the question was international, but from a domestic standpoint, the job creation engine that these unconventionals and particularly the big service providers is continuing. And it's pedals to the metal in terms of attracting the best talent for these basins, so it's a real positive on that front.
Operator: Our next question comes from David Anderson from JP Morgan.
John David Anderson - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: You guys talked about the rig count coming at an inflection point here, at least starting to pick up here in North America. Can you comment on kind of pricing that you see in stimulation? Excluding anything on the gas side, if the rig count kind of comes up from here, where do you see stimulation pricing bottoming here?
Martin S. Craighead: I'm cautious about calling a bottom on that. We had mid-single-digit decline, 4 to 1. You can take that number and maybe trim it down a little bit from 1 to 2. So it's kind of we're vectoring in on leveling off. We have more weakness in Q3. It's possible, but it's negligible, let me put it that way. But I'm not going to call a bottom on it.
John David Anderson - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay. And then I guess, another question. You talked about sliding sleeve completion technologies a few times. Just kind of wondering how your customer penetration is today compared to a year ago. I mean, one of the things we continue to hear out of the E&P side is that they're still focused on costs in unconventional. I'm just curious of whether or not you've seen a falloff in kind of penetration of that product as they're kind of moving away from efficiency-driven technologies now because of looseness with the expectation it comes back. Have you seen that fall off?
Martin S. Craighead: No, we've seen some -- we've seen more competitors in the space on the more basic types of sliding sleeve. But I think maybe Trey or Eric can get you some of that. My feeling would be, honestly, David, that it's a much broader customer base than we had this time last year, much broader, and it depends on the customer, if some feel that the plug and perf are working. But I think the data is there that kind of more sophisticated operators acknowledge the fact that the sliding sleeve gets them exactly what they want. So -- and then remember, we have sliding sleeve capabilities out there now that we didn't have this time last year so that's a product that continues to evolve technically as well. So the penetration is -- I would bet a lot that it's much broader than it was this time last year.
John David Anderson - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay. One last question on the Gulf of Mexico. You've historically had a very strong share in the shelf, and we've noticed a nice pickup in the jackup rig count over the past quarter. So has this been incremental to your business? Or is deepwater now such a bigger part of your business that it really doesn't move the needle?
Martin S. Craighead: I'd say it doesn't really move the needle.
Operator: Our next question comes from Byron Pope from Tudor, Pickering, Holt.
Byron K. Pope - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc., Research Division: Martin, you mentioned the progress that you're making in Iraq. I was just hoping you could frame -- just given the nature of the work that you're doing there, as you think about getting into 2014, how do you think about where we might see margins migrate to in Iraq? I mean, you mentioned getting to profitability in the back half of the year. But just again thinking -- as we get into 2014, just given the nature of the work, how do you think about where margins could potentially get to, just ballpark terms?
Martin S. Craighead: Yes. I think Iraq has got quite a journey from a service company perspective to be -- it's going to contribute earnings. Is it going to get to a point that it's accretive? I don't see that yet. I mean, I just don't see that yet. But of course, it's a country in one of the most profitable regions of the world. But it is going in the right direction. I do expect us to be profitable by the end of the year. And that's a big shift given where we were and given the size of that business, so it's not immaterial to the overall results. I think the market there has to evolve to the next level. I think our -- it needs to start with our customers being more successful in terms of their own economics before we, as contractors, are going to be able to extract, let's say, accretive margins in there. And Byron, I think the thing we have to keep in mind with regards to Iraq is this is not a fly-by country in terms of its potential, in terms of its -- what's under the ground. And the infrastructure that we have all put into that place, it may be a few years from now, but I think it could be another Brazil, it could be another Norway, it could be another Saudi in terms of its contribution. And I don't have to go back very far in my memory to realize that all 3 of those countries at times were, if you will, disappointing. So this is a long-term business, but it's got all the right fundamentals. Customers are still trying to find their footing. But I'm real proud of the job that our folks have done, I mean, just tremendous performance in terms of our drilling, in terms of sorting some of the logistic issues, and so it's the right thing to be doing.
Operator: Our last question comes from Jim Crandell from Cowen.
James D. Crandell - Cowen Securities LLC, Research Division: Martin, my question is about your success in penetrating and growing the ultra-deepwater market globally in both formation evaluation and completion. It seems this is the big growth area of the business globally. And I'm wondering if you looked over the past 6 to 12 months, and address it maybe in 2 parts, one is deepwater completions globally and the other is formation evaluation globally, what do you think is the market share change over the last 6 to 12 months? And is your goal going forward to maintain in each of those 2 segments or grow in each of those 2 segments? And lastly, would you -- how do you plan on accomplishing that?
Martin S. Craighead: Okay, that's a good question, a pretty broad one. Let me try to come at it this way. First of all, this is an evolving market and it's even a bit ambitious to say that it's already getting started, it is, but it's right on our doorstep and particularly around the completion side in the deepwater here. We -- when we were drilling some of these wells and making some of these discoveries, it was frightening to hear our customers say 2 years ago that the technology just simply did not exist to complete the wells. Now you've been through, as many of the listeners have, through our Center for Technology Innovation, and that was a pretty forward-looking investment in terms of roofline and capabilities, where we can test things to 700 degrees Fahrenheit and 40,000 PSI. Without that capability, we would not be having a solution that we can put on the table for our customers to begin mobilizing later this year and throughout the next 3 or 4 or 5 years in the Gulf. So I think we stand unique in having that package and being able to have that discussion. The additional part was, again listening to our customers, was we needed a similar facility to understand subsea boosting and have the reliability necessary to run an ESP and leave it in the ground for 5 years before you turn it on, on a $200 million well. And that's what's been coming out of the ground now up in Oklahoma is a center very much like the CTI that will take ESPs to a whole new level of reliability. So the penetration and the market share is going to continue to increase, but it's built on the back of having very unique products that nobody else can put out there. And I feel very confident that we're going in the right direction on that. And I think the Gulf of Mexico is going to be a proving ground for the rest of the world in terms of these type of wells, and we're not -we don't stand unique in having these lower tertiary-type of formations. So I'm very optimistic, Jim.
James D. Crandell - Cowen Securities LLC, Research Division: Okay. So Martin, I'm interpreting your answer as that while you may not have increased global market share in formation evaluation and deepwater completions yet, it's very much your plan to do so based on what you just elaborated?
Martin S. Craighead: Yes, and we're the leading driller in the Gulf. So now we're the leading driller in Norway. We've been the leading driller and today, we still are in Brazil.
James D. Crandell - Cowen Securities LLC, Research Division: What do you mean by leading driller? Do you mean total oil service revenue?
Martin S. Craighead: I mean total LWD, MWD.
James D. Crandell - Cowen Securities LLC, Research Division: Total LWD. You believe in overall LWD, MWD, you are the leader in the marketplace overall in the Gulf and Norway?
Martin S. Craighead: I'd say in Norway and the Gulf of Mexico, yes.
James D. Crandell - Cowen Securities LLC, Research Division: Congratulations. Do you think that applies to deepwater Gulf of Mexico or overall?
Martin S. Craighead: Overall in the Gulf, if you include the shelf and everything in the Gulf of Mexico.
Trey Clark: Thanks, Jim, and we appreciate everyone's time this morning. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you for participating in today's Baker Hughes Incorporated Conference Call. This will be available for replay beginning at 10:30 a.m. Eastern Time, 9:30 a.m. Central and will be available through 11:30 p.m. Eastern Time on May 3, 2013. The number for replay is (888) 843-7419 in the United States or (630) 652-3042 for international calls, and the access code is 34404573. You may now disconnect. Thank you.

===== 2012 Q4  (2013-01-23 08:00:00) =====
Executives: Trey Clark - Vice President of Investor Relations Martin S. Craighead - Chief Executive Officer, President and Director Peter A. Ragauss - Chief Financial Officer and Senior Vice President
Analysts: James C. West - Barclays Capital, Research Division William A. Herbert - Simmons & Company International, Research Division Kurt Hallead - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division Michael W. Urban - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division James Knowlton Wicklund - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division John David Anderson - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Judson E. Bailey - ISI Group Inc., Research Division Brad Handler - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division Douglas L. Becker - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division
Operator: Hello. My name is Dawn, and I will be your conference facilitator. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to Baker Hughes Fourth Quarter 2012 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] I will now turn the conference over to Mr. Trey Clark, Vice President of Investor Relations. Sir, you may proceed.
Trey Clark: Thank you, Dawn. Good morning, everyone. Welcome to the Baker Hughes Fourth Quarter 2012 Earnings Conference Call. Here with me today is our President and CEO, Martin Craighead; and Peter Ragauss, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Today's presentation and the news release that was issued earlier today can be found on our website at bakerhughes.com. Additional reconciliation of operating profit and non-GAAP measures to GAAP results for historic periods can also be found on our website in the Investor Relations section under Supplemental Financial Information. During today's presentation, I must caution you that any company outlooks discussed this morning are subject to various risk factors. We'll try to highlight these risk factors as we make these forward-looking statements. However, the format of the call prevents a more thorough discussion of these risk factors. For a full review of these risk factors, please refer to the Baker Hughes' SEC filings and in particular, the forward-looking disclosure in this morning's news release. With that, I'll turn the call over to Martin Craighead. Martin?
Martin S. Craighead: Thanks, Trey, and good morning. This morning, Baker Hughes reported record annual revenue of $20.9 billion, including an 11% increase in our international segments and a 5% increase in our North America segment. Much of this growth can be attributed to the new products and services we've brought to the market, especially in the deepwater and unconventional plays, as well as solid operational performance in the Gulf of Mexico and our international businesses in Europe, Africa Russia and the Middle East. In North America, we experienced challenging market conditions for most of the year, including the oversupply of pressure pumping capacity and activity levels in Canada that were below expectations. Later in the call, I'll provide more detail on these markets. In the near term, we are focused on improving the quality of earnings by positioning Baker Hughes as the partner of choice in a business environment where customers are pressured to reduce their finding and development costs, but also improve their ultimate recoveries even as they expand into harsher and more challenging frontiers. In these market conditions, customers turn to those companies that can deliver differentiating products and technology, products like our FracPoint sliding sleeve system and our steerable drilling liner technology and of course, our AutoTrak Curve rotary steerable system, which just hit another impressive milestone bypassing 3 million feet drilled in the U.S. alone since being launched less than 2 years ago. These products differentiate, and they are becoming increasingly important to our customer and our own income statement. That's why we continue to increase our investment in technology and new product development and accelerate the commercialization of new products. I'll speak to these items more in a few minutes, but first, I'll turn the call over to Peter to give more detail on the quarter and full year's results. Peter?
Peter A. Ragauss: Thank you, Martin, and good morning. Before I start the review of our financial results, I'd first like to remind everyone of last quarter's announcement pertaining to our Process and Pipeline Services business. This business was reclassified to discontinued operations in our financial statements, and all prior periods were restated. For purposes of today's call, I'll only be discussing financial results from continuing operations. This morning, we reported income from continuing operations for the fourth quarter of $211 million or $0.48 per share. This includes a $63 million or $0.14 per share reserve for bad debt in Latin America. Excluding this reserve, income from continuing operations would have been $274 million or $0.62 per share. Revenue for the fourth quarter was $5.2 billion, which is flat compared to the previous quarter, as deteriorating market conditions in North America were offset by record revenues in all of our international segments. EBITDA for the fourth quarter was $841 million, down 2% sequentially, including the additional bad debt reserve in Latin America. As Martin highlighted, we posted record revenue of $20.9 billion for the year, which is up approximately 8% or $1.5 billion from the prior year. This was the result of strong growth in every region of the world, with the exception of Canada, which experienced a 13% reduction in market activity. Adjusted EBITDA for the year was $3.7 billion, and adjusted income from continuing operations was $1.32 billion or $3 per share. On a GAAP basis, income from continuing operations for the year was $1.28 billion or $2.90 per share. To help in your understanding of the quarter's results, I'll bridge last year's earnings per share to this quarter. In the third quarter, we posted earnings from continuing operations of $0.60 per share. First, add back $0.10 for previously identified items in the third quarter. That brings us to a third quarter adjusted earnings per share from continuing operations of $0.70. Next, add back $0.06 for bad debt reserves recognized in Latin America and Europe in the third quarter. Subtract $0.14 for North America operations due to a sharp decline in activity towards the end of the fourth quarter and further erosion of pressure pumping pricing. Add $0.08 for international Operations, primarily due to share gains, increased activity and year-end product sales in our international regions. Subtract $0.02 for higher corporate costs and interest expense, and subtract $0.06 for a higher effective tax rate, primarily due to a change in our geographical mix of earnings. At this point, our operational earnings per share would have been $0.62. However, due to additional reserves in Latin America, we subtract another $0.14. That brings us to $0.48 per share. In Table 5 of our earnings release, we provide adjusted financial information, including the impact of identified adjusting items on each region's results in the fourth quarter of 2011 and the third quarter of 2012. In this point on in the conference call, any comments on revenue, operating profit and operating profit margin refer explicitly to Table 5 unless otherwise stated. Revenue in North America was $2.6 billion, down $183 million or 7% sequentially. North America operating profit was $222 million, around $99 million sequentially. As a result, North America operating profit margin was 8.7%, in line with recent guidance. Our North America operational performance can be summarized into 4 main points: First, in the U.S. and Canada, the pressure pumping product line continued to face margin pressure with further pricing degradation. These unfavorable price conditions were partially offset by a sequential reduction in our guar costs and continued improvements in our efficiency. Second, some of our other U.S. product lines experienced a reduction in activity as rig counts declined sharply towards the end of the quarter due to customers shutting down early for the holiday period. However, activity levels for our production product lines remained strong with Upstream Chemicals and artificial lift posting near record revenues and profits during the quarter. Third, in Canada, our operations were also significantly impacted by one major customer who shut down all of their Canadian drilling and completion operations during the quarter. And fourth, the Gulf of Mexico continued to perform well, as deepwater activity levels continued to increase. Moving to international results, each of our international segments experienced increased activity and posted record revenue in the fourth quarter. In aggregate, revenue was $2.5 billion, up $178 million or 8% versus the prior quarter and up $195 million or 9% compared to a year ago. International operating profit was $261 million, up $13 million sequentially, including the reserve in Latin America of $63 million previously highlighted. Excluding these reserves in the third and fourth quarters, international operating profit was up $47 million sequentially. Reported international operating profit margin was 10.6%, down 20 basis points sequentially. Excluding the impact of bad debt in Latin America, international operating profit margins would have been 13.1%. This is an increase of 110 basis points sequentially and modestly higher than recent guidance. Focusing on each of our international segments, our Europe/Africa/Russia Caspian segment delivered the highest revenue, operating profit and operating profit margin in the last 3 years. Sequentially, revenue increased $84 million or 10% with operating profits improving $52 million, excluding the $6 million reserve for bad debt in Europe in Q3. Operating profit margins were 18.2% in the fourth quarter. The revenue and profit increase is primarily associated with strong activity in year-end product sales in Africa and Russia. Activity gains in Continental Europe were partially offset by rig delays in Norway early in the quarter. Turning to the Middle East, Asia-Pacific segment, we also saw sequential revenue growth increasing $38 million, primarily due to increased activity in Iraq, the Arabian Gulf and Australia. Operating profit, however, was flat sequentially as result of continued start-up and logistics costs in Iraq, along with frac fleet mobilization costs in Saudi Arabia to support upcoming unconventional work. And in our Latin America segment, we achieved sequential revenue improvement of $56 million or 10%. This increase is primarily due to year-end product sales and activity improvements in the Andean region and Mexico offset by reductions in Brazil as the active rig count there declined 10%. Excluding the impact of bad debt in Q3 and Q4, operating profits decreased $3 million to an overall operating profit margin of 11.1%. For our Industrial Services segment, which now excludes the Process and Pipeline Services business, revenue was $191 million, down $2 million sequentially, and operating profit was $21 million, up $6 million sequentially. Operating profit margins were 11% in the fourth quarter. Increased profits were primarily due to a mix of sales, with good performance from our downstream chemicals group. Turning to the balance sheet, for the quarter, we were free cash flow positive. During the quarter, we reduced receivables in each of our oilfield operating segments, resulting in a net accounts receivable decrease of $283 million. This translates into a 5-day reduction in our days sales outstanding. At the same time, we also reduced our inventories by $108 million from the prior quarter. Capital expenditures for the quarter were $714 million, resulting in a total of $2.9 billion for 2012. Our positive cash flow was used to pay down short-term debt. Total debt was $4.9 billion, down $229 million from the prior quarter. As a result, the total debt-to-capital ratio declined 1 percentage point to 22%. We ended the quarter with a balance of $1 billion in cash. Now let me provide you with our guidance for 2013, starting with rig counts. For North America, we project the average annual rig count will decline by 5% or 125 rigs compared to 2012. In the U.S., relative to the fourth quarter 2012 exit rate of 1,763 rigs, we anticipate that the rig count will be flat during the first quarter of 2013 and then modestly rebound throughout the remainder of the year to a final 2013 exit rate of 1,880 rigs, comprised of approximately 1,420 oil rigs and 460 gas rigs. On average, compared to 2012, expect the annual U.S. rig count to decline by 5% this year. U.S. rig count includes offshore rigs, which are expected to increase 8% to 52 rigs in 2013. This includes an increase of 4 deepwater rigs compared to 2012. In Canada, the first quarter rig count is projected to sequentially improve 38% to 511 average rigs. This would be 13% below the average from the first quarter of 2012. Canadian rig counts in the second half of the year are currently forecast to be similar to the second half of 2012, resulting in an average annual rig count decline of 8% in 2013. Looking internationally, the average rig count is anticipated to grow to 1,383 rigs in 2013 led by Latin America, the Middle East and Asia Pacific. Excluding Iraq, this would represent a 7% increase in the international rig count. Our international revenue and margins are expected to improve in 2013. However, these typically drop in the first quarter due to seasonally lower product sales and weather disruptions. For the year, solid revenue and margin growth is anticipated in our Eastern Hemisphere operations. The Middle East, Asia-Pacific segment should see the most significant growth, as we continue to build our integrated operations in Iraq and Saudi Arabia. And recent share gains in the North Sea and East Coast of Africa will drive growth in our Europe/Africa/Russia Caspian segment. In Latin America, our activity is expected to increase in Mexico, Argentina and the Andean region, partially offsetting reductions in Brazil, which are expected to occur in the middle of the year. For the year, Industrial Services activity should remain stable with margins ranging between 10% and 12%. Since Industrial Services no longer includes the Process and Pipeline Services group, we expect much less seasonality. Looking at interest expense, we expect it to be between $210 million and $220 million for the full year. Corporate costs are expected to be between $280 million and $290 million, which is a reduction of $10 million to $20 million compared to last year. Depreciation and amortization expense is expected to be between $1.5 billion and $1.6 billion. Capital expenditures for the year are now expected to be about $2 billion, which is a reduction of approximately 30% year-over-year or $900 million. We are reducing our spend in pressure pumping horsepower and infrastructure significantly. Our rental tool spend is expected to be flat year-on-year. Total CapEx will be allocated approximately 35% to North America operations and 45% to international operations. The balance will support our Global Products and Services group, IT and other corporate functions. And finally, our annual tax rate is expected to be between 32% and 33%. At this point, I will now turn the call back over to Martin. Martin?
Martin S. Craighead: Thanks, Peter. I'd like to provide an overall update and outlook on the business, starting with North America. At current commodity prices, we expect activity to remain stable this year and as our customers keep a cautious outlook. We predict that the average North American rig count will be down compared to last year. However, this decline will be partially offset by continued gains in rig efficiencies that can be attributed to increased pad drilling, a more modernized rig fleet and a continued absorption of new drilling completions and production technologies that we are bringing to the market. On the last earnings call, we reported that rig efficiencies in the U.S. have improved about 15% during 2012. This year, we project roughly another 10% increase in wells per rig compared to 2012. In addition to rig efficiencies, our customers will focus increasingly on production enhancement. For example, in the past, the drilling and completion design of a well was defined by the reservoir, while artificial lift consideration was usually dealt with years later. Today, Baker Hughes is working with U.S. customers to engineer artificial lift solutions during the well planning stages, and by planning for production enhancement techniques upfront, we're helping our customers improve ultimate recovery. Now I'd like to comment on some of the various operations in North America. First, to Canada, which is a meaningful part of our North American business. Many of our customers continue to deal with constrained cash flows from low natural gas prices and an abundance of projects that are marginally profitable. Our U.S. shale oil production, coupled with decreasing consumption and limited refining and pipeline capacity, is increasing differentials for heavy oil close to $40 a barrel. Considering that break-even prices for new heavy oil projects can be as high as $65 a barrel, we believe that some of these projects in Canada are at near-term risk. Given this, Canadian customers are focused squarely on conserving cash and increasing returns on capital. And until industry fundamentals change -- and the biggest driver to that is improvement and takeaway capacity -- Canadian activity will remain challenged. As you would expect, we're adjusting our 2013 plans to mirror the projected activity levels. Now these cycles are nothing new in Canada, and once again, value-adding technologies, which can lower an AFE or increase production rates are critical to our customers. Some of our technologies that are instrumental to this include the Talon and Kymera drill bits, rotary steerable systems, resistivity imaging services, steam additives for SAGD applications and next-generation OptiPort and FracPoint completion tools. As for the pressure pumping market, based on our estimates, the U.S. market has about 20% to 25% too much horsepower, which translates into at least 125 fleets across the sector that are currently idle or underutilized in some capacity. All else being equal, the U.S. would need at least 300 additional drilling rigs to come back online in order to get those idle fleets fully up and utilized. Of course, any increase in drilling activity will improve fleet utilization. As we discussed in previous calls, Baker Hughes began overhauling this very important product line a year ago. At the beginning of 2012, about 20% of our fleets were working 24-hour shifts. Today, I'm pleased to say that we've nearly doubled that. We've lowered costs by improving our supply chain and moving our infrastructure closer to the centers of activity. In fact, we opened 6 new facilities last year. We invented and then rapidly commercialized alternatives to guar in order to offset the cost and volatility of that particular commodity. Our newest products, MaxPerm and CLEARSTAR, are replacing as much as 20% of our total guar consumption today. And we've introduced new biofuel engines that leverage technology to drive efficiency and bring environmental gains. Most importantly, we're winning the right kind of work with the right customers, and I expect further improvements in all these areas through 2013. In addition to these important actions, technology and product integration are key value enhancers for our customers and for Baker Hughes. As an example, our reservoir solutions team in the U.S. are working directly with customers to optimize frac designs, using advanced formation evaluation data from Baker Hughes' wireline services. These teams are able to identify the most productive zones in the well. In one particular case, we proposed a non-geometric completion design resulting in fewer stages than the geometric design deployed on several other wells. This particular result was outstanding, and the customer realized increased production and a significant cost reduction. This is a great example of how we are winning work by providing more than just stages through integrated solutions to our customers. Another example of our initiative to improve the economies of shale is our recently announced collaboration with CGGVeritas. We are working together to integrate their geophysical capabilities with our petrophysical and geomechanical expertise to significantly improve operator economics in shale and type plays. And we're confident this collaboration has the potential to expand our capabilities around full field development. Our Gulf of Mexico operations continue to perform exceptionally well. Activity is increasing, our share is improving, and we are being rewarded for game-changing technologies such as advanced wireline formation sampling, Kymera drill bits and next-generation completion systems. The growing mix of development work will continue to benefit Baker Hughes' sizable Completions business. Let me share a recent example of this. After 2 years of research, an integrated engineering team from our pressure pumping and completion systems product lines successfully designed and deployed a next-generation, multizone, single-trip frac system for a customer operating in the lower tertiary. This new system allows for multiple fracs during a single trip in these HPHT environments and was installed 50% faster when compared to traditional techniques. In addition to the engineering achievement, the operational execution was flawless, and we set an industry record for installation depth for this type of a system. And as a result, this customer has ordered additional systems for the Gulf of Mexico, and the system is also on order for West Africa and Asia Pacific. Now turning to our international business, in Norway, we rapidly mobilized resources during the quarter to begin executing on our new contract. Clearly, this is a huge market, and we're pleased to enter the new year as the leading provider of drilling services in this technically challenging offshore environment. Also last quarter, we successfully deployed a steerable drilling liner system in the North Sea that integrates our Rotary steerables technology with our proven liner hanger systems by pulling the liner behind the bottomhole assembly while drilling. This saves our customer a couple of days of completions time, but it also enables them to tap reserves in underpressured mature fields without the risk of lost circulation. The product will differentiate in environments where wellbore stability issues previously impeded our customer's ability to reach deeper reservoirs. In addition, we've begun work on a new development project in the Barents Sea. A delineation well was drilled in the fourth quarter, and we are now embarking on drilling the second well of a 22-well program providing drilling services and completion systems. Logistics, maintenance and basic support for our growing business in the Norwegian Arctic will be provided out of our new facility in Hammerfest. In Africa, we've opened a new facility in Mozambique in order to support recent contract awards there these, and these share gains in East Africa will position Baker Hughes as a leading supplier of drilling services for this growing region. In Latin America, we were awarded a major contract in Brazil to provide integrated services for a deepwater exploration campaign in the Santos Basin. Baker Hughes will provide drilling, evaluation, completion, pressure pumping and artificial lift technologies and services. In Asia Pacific, we were awarded a series of well construction contracts during the quarter, including awards for drilling services in Indonesia and the Cooper basin of Australia. We also secured a direct award for multiple deepwater exploration wells in the South China Sea, and this represents a major expansion of our position in the Chinese offshore market. We're also continuing to grow and refine our integrated operations business in the Middle East. During the fourth quarter, we mobilized multiple rigs in Saudi Arabia to support our new operations in Shaybah. We also added rigs in Iraq and exited the year with 7 operational rigs and intend to mobilize 2 additional rigs this quarter. We expect to see profitability improve in Iraq as we progress in 2013. This will be the result of reduced logistics costs and improved operating efficiency. We do not expect Iraq to be accretive to our Middle East margins this year due to the high percentage of past due revenue associated with this type of work, but we do expect Iraq to contribute to earnings in the second half of this year. As we've said before, our establishment of our strong foothold in one of the world's key hydrocarbon producing regions is of strategic importance, and I remain confident in our ability to execute and improve our financial performance there. Now let me provide some final thoughts on the year ahead. While we see a reduction in North America onshore spend led by continued weakness in pressure pumping pricing, it will be more than offset by growth in the Gulf of Mexico and in international markets. And what I like about that is that half of that increased spend will be in drilling and completions product lines. The task of finding and efficiently producing oil and gas is not getting any easier for our customers. We all know that -- about the challenges of maximizing recovery from deepwater reservoirs. And while much has been said and written on the abundance and real potential of unconventional reservoirs, the fact remains that these reservoirs present their own unique set of challenges for our customers, ranging from environmental to economic to operational. Harvesting both unconventional and deepwater opportunities in the future will require customers to leverage a portfolio of leading-edge products and services and basin-specific expertise from their service providers. And given Baker Hughes' reputation for innovation, product design, service excellence and service integration, we are very well positioned to help customers most effectively monetize their reservoir assets. And to that end, first, we remain committed to leading in technology and innovation, which is why we will increase our investment in R&D in 2013. Second, we will grow our expertise in reservoir development in integrated operations around the world. And third, we will expand our core service offering to include critical capabilities and emerging technologies. And finally, we continue to remain firmly committed to improving both our return on capital and the quality of earnings. Before we open it up for questions, on behalf of Baker Hughes, let me offer my condolences to the families around the world who have lost loved ones in the tragedy in Algeria. Many of these individuals were customers and colleagues. Baker Hughes does not have any employees at that facility, and our thoughts are with those who have been impacted by this tragic event. And with that, Trey, let's go ahead and open it up for some questions.
Trey Clark: Thank you, Martin. At this point, I'll ask Dawn to open the lines for your questions. [Operator Instructions]
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from James West from Barclays.
James C. West - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Martin, in your comments, your prepared comments, a lot of commentary around North America, also in Peter's comments as well. Some of it, I guess, negative. Some of it Baker Hughes specific, positive. As we think about an environment where you are introducing new technologies, you are getting an improving customer mix, you do see the Gulf of Mexico being a good driver of growth. Yet, U.S. land rig count down, maybe completions are up in that scenario, still pricing challenges and pricing weakness spreading out. How should we think about margin progression kind of off of this fourth quarter level? Is that the low? Or are we stuck in this kind of single-digit range? Or should we kind of bounce back off this as we go through the year as some of the positives in your mix and in your business come through?
Peter A. Ragauss: Well, this is Peter. I'll answer first and maybe Martin can supplement that. But we think the Gaum is going to progress nicely. We've got good share positions there. We've had a 30% increase in revenues last year, and that -- and revenue should continue to move forward in the Gaum. Canada, of course, bounces around with seasonality, should be up in Q1, should be down sharply in Q2, and the second half looks like second half of last year. So that leaves you with 2 other variables, which are the pressure pumping business in U.S. land and our other product lines in U.S. land. And other product lines seem to be holding up in U.S. land, haven't had much pricing pressure there yet, so that's been pretty good. And we expect the rig count to continue to improve throughout the year, so those product lines right now look like they're pretty stable and pretty good. And I think the big variable is what happens in pressure pumping, whether or not pricing continues to decline and outpaces our cost savings. We are expecting guar cost to improve further into Q1, and they did improve in Q4, so that's good. But pricing's been pretty much eating up those savings in recent quarters, so that's the big volatility, and we're not going to try to make a call on that right now.
James C. West - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Okay. So Peter, do you think that given that the rig count -- you just said the rig count to improve that you're greater than, I guess, your peers' exposure to the spot market for pressure pumping? Is it -- would it be a net positive? Or is that a net negative for you?
Martin S. Craighead: Well, James, this is Martin. Now we do...
James C. West - Barclays Capital, Research Division: I know it's a tough question.
Martin S. Craighead: Well, we do expect the -- as Peter said, the rig count to improve from here on out slightly, more towards the back half of the year than the early part. And -- but on a year-on-year average, it's down. And in terms of the pricing, we have been and continue to be probably still a little bit more exposed to the spot market and that price environment is continuing to weaken. It's not -- I don't think it's found bottom yet. I think it's a tough thing to call. The flip-side of that is we're -- I don't think we have as much price decline opportunity versus, let's say, in operator or service company that's got still a -- more of a contract mix. So with the year-on-year decline in the rigs, a little bit more pricing softness in that particular product line, it's -- as Peter said, it's a little difficult to say exactly where it's going to end up.
Operator: Our next question comes from Bill Herbert from Simmons & Company.
William A. Herbert - Simmons & Company International, Research Division: Martin, with regard to your international commentary here, it sounds like EAC and MEAP up or expected to be up reasonably nicely in 2013 and Latin America, probably down year-over-year. If I heard you correctly, you said Andean, Mexico, everything but Brazil, only partially offsets the declines in Brazil. So when you -- when that -- how does that distill into an overall international top line growth rate for 2013? Is it high single digits with kind of EAC and the Middle East, Asia Pacific, up maybe high single low double and Latin America, down low single. Is that about right?
Martin S. Craighead: Yes, I'd say that's pretty reasonable, Bill.
William A. Herbert - Simmons & Company International, Research Division: Okay. And then we didn't talk much about margins. You were flat year-over-year in 2012. Historically, we've talked about kind of the current environment, which is mostly sort of volumetric driven, very selective pricing and hopefully, some mix opportunities as well, distilling into, call it, 20% to 25% incremental margin environment internationally. Is that what we should assume for 2013?
Peter A. Ragauss: Yes, it might be a bit better than that, but I think that's a reasonable number from here on out.
William A. Herbert - Simmons & Company International, Research Division: Okay. And last one for me, Peter, year-end product sales, I think Q4 2011, we witnessed kind of a $50 million contribution quarter-on-quarter. Was that roughly in the ballpark for this fourth quarter? Or was it a bit better than that?
Peter A. Ragauss: In terms of contribution margin?
William A. Herbert - Simmons & Company International, Research Division: No, no, no. In terms of top line fourth quarter versus third quarter.
Peter A. Ragauss: Oh no, it was better than that. I would say much of the sequential improvement in revenues internationally was year-end product sales, and it's pretty much spread across the 3 regions, pretty strong, I think we said in our remarks in Africa and Russia, strong in Asia Pacific and strong in Latin America. So therefore, we would expect that to reverse out into Q1.
William A. Herbert - Simmons & Company International, Research Division: Sure. So the of the $178 million revenue improvement quarter-on-quarter, call it, at least 50% of that was year-end product sales on pretty high incrementals?
Peter A. Ragauss: Yes, more than 50%.
Operator: Our next question comes from Kurt Hallead with RBC Capital Markets.
Kurt Hallead - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: I wanted to -- I want to focus my question on the international front and just get a little color for, first, what kind of drag on margins has Iraq been. If you could put that into context in terms of basis points, that'd be great and then give us some indication -- that'll give us some indication on what we can expect for a tailwind as we go into the second half of the year, specifically in the Middle East as it relates to Middle East/Asia margin.
Martin S. Craighead: Kurt, this is Martin. I'm not going to get specific on the basis point impact. I can tell you that, obviously, it's still a drag on the margin. As we said, it's going to continue to be. We're still experiencing some issues with regards to the mobilization and the startup there. A lot of those issues, frankly, are just us on the learning curve, but a lot of them continue to be associated with the difficulty in the lack of transparency with regards to institutional responsibilities and bureaucracy and so forth. Now I'll tell you this, that a lot of issues that we have control over are improving pretty rapidly, and that's being driven by, again, moving up the learning curve. And on the other hand, some of the issues, I think, you're not just hearing it from us with regards to operating there. It's still challenged. But I'll tell you that, we -- as I said, we finished with 7 rigs there. We should probably be mobilizing 2 to 3 more rigs in this quarter, and we expect it will be providing additional EPS for the Middle East region. I mean, So that's the outlook right now.
Peter A. Ragauss: And Kurt, let me add, we expect our Middle East, Asia-Pacific region to sort of grow the most in terms of revenues and grow the most in terms of margin and much of that is driven by Iraq for the revenue improvement and very high incrementals from here. And so -- and that plays into it, and of course, Saudi also plays into that Middle East equation, too. So let's not forget about Saudi, but Iraq and Saudi will -- we expect to drive very handsome returns by the end of the year.
Kurt Hallead - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Okay. Appreciate that additional color, Peter. Maybe as a follow-up question, similar process, kind of different product line, you mentioned that you had some benefit of the guar rolling off, the high-cost situation through your P&L, and then you have pricing kind of eating away at that. Can we just kind of focus on the guar? Can you remind us what you expected to recapture in a gross number from the guar inventory roll off from the high?
Peter A. Ragauss: I can't, because we never specified the number, but it's a couple of hundred basis points certainly of margin.
Kurt Hallead - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: So that'd be from your high point to once all the inventory rolled off. Is that way to look?
Peter A. Ragauss: Yes, that's probably quarter-to-quarter, so that's -- it's even greater than that if you think about high point to low point.
Kurt Hallead - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And Peter, just would that be like 400, 500 basis points in aggregate?
Peter A. Ragauss: I'm talking about that particular product line. I'm not talking about North American margins general.
Kurt Hallead - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Yes, yes, I'm focusing on guar, too. So would that kind of be the order of magnitude?
Peter A. Ragauss: Yes, that's a little high, but yes, it would be that order of magnitude from high to low.
Operator: Our next question comes from Michael Urban from Deutsche Bank.
Michael W. Urban - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Wanted to stick with pressure pumping for a second. Given some of the things that you've done over the course of the last year specific to Baker Hughes improving supply chain logistics 24-hour operations, you've given us a pretty good path or outlook here for North America and the U.S., but on an apples-to-apples basis, as that market progresses and hopefully improves at any given level of market demand and pricing, would you expect Baker Hughes margin to be higher?
Martin S. Craighead: Yes.
Michael W. Urban - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: And I mean, if you talked about -- I know you talked about kind of how much it was hurting you at one point, at various points over the last year. I mean, do you have an estimate of roughly what that difference would be, whether that's in basis points and margin or absolute cost or whatever the case may be?
Martin S. Craighead: Well, Mike, I can't -- I don't want to quantify by product line in a specific region. I can tell you, as Peter said in his remarks, the non-pressure pumping business for Baker Hughes are -- some of them setting records and just excelling. They're doing fantastic. And this particular product line and the pressure pumping has made tremendous headway, but these headwinds on pricing, it's not over yet. And I just -- it's going to be a drag on the overall North America margin for all of '13 easily. But I think, as you asked in the first part of your question there, at any given point, wherever it maybe in terms of market pricing, we will be better than we were before just given the way we're running the business today around the supply chain, as well as around the efficiency and the type of customers we have where we can have a number of 24-hour fleets that we have now. So walking forward, our -- that particular business, I believe, will perform differentially favorably for us than it will for the market.
Michael W. Urban - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Right, makes sense. And then sticking with North America more broadly, talked about the cooperation with CGV, how important is seismic becoming in North America in terms of just getting better by wellbore placement, reservoir optimization? You talked about better integration across the life cycle of a well. And then more broadly, how -- are you able to get access to their best technology and fully integrate that with what you're doing based on the structure of that venture?
Martin S. Craighead: Structure of the agreement. The answer to your last part is yes. It's a fully -- no barriers between the 2 organizations in terms of cooperating on behalf of the customer. I'd say that it depends on the customer, which one is more evolved in understanding the reservoir, where they're at in it and how sophisticated they are. But as we said on previous calls, Mike, there is a reinjection of technology into the North American operator culture. There's -- it's -- I'd -- I think as one of our guys termed it, the stage wars are ending. It's now about efficiency and being smart, and I think you're going to see a separation in the customer community as well to the ones that are able to capitalize on, embracing technology and applying it. And you can't be smart about the reservoir if you don't have a seismic component. There is no reservoir understanding without a seismic understanding. And we like what we have with CGG and their recent alignment with Fugro, and their own Hampson and Russell capabilities matched up with our geomechanical and petrophysical capabilities is really helping. I can tell you that we have a waterfall of opportunities since this has been announced, and frankly, we're just trying to sort out the best opportunities and digest them but if the market is ready for this type of hookup.
Michael W. Urban - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: So that collaboration is sufficient. You don't feel like you need to own it right now?
Martin S. Craighead: We don't like big, heavy boats, and so I think we like what we have right now.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jim Wicklund from Credit Suisse.
James Knowlton Wicklund - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Martin, your comment about moving frac equipment in Saudi were so unconventional. Can you tell me about that?
Martin S. Craighead: That's the South part of the kingdom that's called the Jafora basin. It's primarily, as you know, Jim, they call it unconventional there, but it's really, really tight. There is some shale reservoirs. This isn't particularly that, but it will have a lot of the same characteristics of the unconventional. You remember back in February, we had a opening of the unconventional research center in the kingdom. We have now dozens of people working there, as well as embedded in Saudi Aramco, both reservoir people, as well as engineers and so forth. And that frac fleet will go to work hopefully by the end of the quarter. It's kind of being commissioned right now. And the projects, the relationship with Aramco is very good in terms of defining where the wells should be, what kind of wells they should be. We're starting off with just some stratigraphic and delineation wells. But I think you've heard about the rig count expansion that's going to occur in Saudi, and it's a lot of exploration, a lot of just to keep their oil production up or get it up to that 12 million barrels a day, and a large part of it's going to be in this gas area.
James Knowlton Wicklund - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: We are all very hopeful. There had been talk about how one of the smaller pressure pumping companies had been invited over to the kingdom to look at that, possibly moving frac equipment to do unconventionals at the northern part of the kingdom. Is that the -- do I have that right? Has Aramco been looking for frac capacity in other parts of the country to pursue unconventionals?
Martin S. Craighead: It -- I would assume that they probably are, but I'm not aware of any particular company moving in there, Jim, sorry.
James Knowlton Wicklund - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Okay. As my follow-up, it's interesting to me the technology discussion that you're starting to have now, which is kind of a shift from where you guys have been for the last while. Is this -- Gaffney Cline's 50th anniversary and all this and your mention of the CGV collaboration, is Baker finally moving into the reservoir digital age after the -- all these years?
Martin S. Craighead: Well, I hope we're not in the analog age, let's put it that way.
James Knowlton Wicklund - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: No, but you guys have lagged. You haven't had a landmark or a WesternGeco, and what you did have in seismic you got rid of. And all of a sudden, I'm now hearing you guys talk about reservoir more than ever before.
Martin S. Craighead: Well, I think it's a continuation of -- if you remember, when Chad got here, we recognized the gap we had in understanding the reservoir and yes, whether it was geomechanics international, whether it was RDS, whether it was Gaffney Cline, we've consolidated a pretty strong organization. We're not done. We're going to muscle up that organization more, but also, as I said in my prepared remarks, we're going to increase our spending on R&D because the global customer community, in light of what you're saying, Jim, as ever for -- their appetite's even more ferocious than it's ever been about having the right products to get the job done, and that's because their job is getting a lot tougher to get those reserves. So it plays right into our wheelhouse, and we're going to keep -- we're going to stay the course.
James Knowlton Wicklund - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Thought it just sounds like you're accelerating the effort. It sounds great.
Operator: Our next question comes from David Anderson from JPMorgan.
John David Anderson - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: You're talking about pressure pumping utilization in the industry, 20%, 25% overcapacity, pricing continuing to go down. Can you talk about your own utilization right now? In the face of the continuing declining pricing, do you keep signing up rigs -- excuse me, do you keep signing up contracts on the fleet? Or do you start to furlough some more here?
Martin S. Craighead: No, we don't furlough anymore. As we said, we have a certain percentage of our fleets that's cold stacked. We've actually seen our utilization improve from Q4 into these first few weeks of Q1. We're winning a lot of good work. It's the type of work with the right customers, and what I mean by that is they're near our centers of -- our new R&M centers, and they have a portfolio of rigs and -- that they're able to keep our fleets going 24 hours. So no, I expect -- in fact, our forecast shows more and more stages going throughout the -- 2013, and those are share gains. And we're happy with the work we're winning, I can tell you.
Peter A. Ragauss: And let me just add. We've talked about rig efficiency even though the rig counts go down year-over-year. It's going up from here, and we expect rig efficiency to improve, so you still see some improvement in well count. And so yes, we are predicting the number of stages going up this year, so that's probably good for everybody and good for us differentially.
Martin S. Craighead: And David, I think you guys kind of struggle with the whole pricing thing, but we estimate probably 25% of the work that's being done out there is still under some kind of price agreement or take or pay we never had the luxury of having. As those peel off, then that -- then you're put into the spot market, and the customer's going to try to take it out of your hide. So -- but we didn't enjoy that in the back 12 months. So is our pricing going down? Well, not really, but we're talking to the market price going down. Does that make sense?
John David Anderson - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Yes, it does. Well, that's what kind of what I'm trying to understand. I'm trying to isolate your U.S. land business in terms of margins. If your utilization is going up and I recognize you on spot market a year ago, at this level of pricing, can you expect the overall U.S. land margins themselves to pick up throughout the year based upon just increased utilization?
Peter A. Ragauss: Yes, absolutely and the continuing improvements in some of the other cost categories. Yes, they certainly can. Utilization plays a big role outside of pricing. Utilization can affect your margins just as powerfully as pricing can.
John David Anderson - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay. I'm sorry, I'm going to break the rules. I have totally unrelated follow-up. On your CapEx, you talked about 30% lower. Can you, a -- can you first -- can you break out where the CapEx was spent in 2012? And secondarily, you guys have spent -- done a pretty good expansion job over the last 4 or 5 years internationally. Are you stepping back now and kind of look and you're kind of reassessing where you are? Are you thinking about where you're good and where you're not. And are you sort of retrenching certain areas. Can you just explain to us your kind of -- as you look out internationally in terms of the expansion kind of where you are now?
Peter A. Ragauss: Let me give that a try. Almost half of our CapEx in 2012 was North America. We since dropped that to about 1/3. Our infrastructure spend is gone down a bit, but our rental tool CapEx, as we said, is about flat. And we're operating at record levels internationally. We're operating at the very high levels on U.S. land still for the -- our traditional production lines, which is in rental tools, and so we've got to keep that rental tool spend up. And so that rental tool spend hasn't shifted much really between North America and international. It's just the -- a lot of the pressure pumping investment has declined, and a lot of infrastructure spend is behind us now.
Martin S. Craighead: Yes. And let me just add that this -- it doesn't mean that our pressure pumping business is being starved dramatically. There's still a great cementing business there, and the market's expanding for that and the coil market. And there are still, frankly, some stimulation equipment going in to improve our efficiencies in terms of sand kings and some new blender designs and so forth. But in terms of raw horsepower, that's the most dramatic drop, as you would expect, in the CapEx.
John David Anderson - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: And what about your international footprint? Where do you stand on that? Are you kind of reassessing that now? When you institute a geomarket approach, obviously, you expand that to fill out that, but are you now kind of looking at certain areas where maybe you're are not as strong as you should be and maybe pulling back there and reallocating different areas? How are you thinking about that right now?
Martin S. Craighead: Yes, we are. We're taking a pretty tough line on certain businesses, either they got to be improved or they got to be exited, and we started that in '12, and we're going to continue on that. And that's just prudent capital discipline and margin discipline. And I just think that's just the way to operate a business relative to, I think, once we did the whole geomarket thing, it was about growth. And we're not giving up on growth, but we're going to take a harder line on returns.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jud Bailey from ISI.
Judson E. Bailey - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: A follow-up question on Latin America, I believe you indicated earlier we're probably looking at revenues probably down year-over-year in 2013. Can you help us think about maybe, I don't know, magnitude given some of the losses in Brazil and also how we think about your margins in that environment if revenue is sequentially down? Have you been cutting costs there to kind of maintain margins at current level? Or are we going to see those drop a bit at the start of the year?
Peter A. Ragauss: We intend to maintain pretty decent margins there. The rig count actually in Latin America is going up, all -- everywhere just about. It's just we're talking about specifically a difference in share in Brazil. That would be going down, we think, for us, and so we think we can make it up elsewhere. So we're not talking about drastic declines in revenue, certainly because we can make it up elsewhere. And we think we can keep margins sort of flattish from here by offsetting some of that Brazil share loss with gains elsewhere so...
Judson E. Bailey - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: Okay. And my follow-up is another region, for Europe, Africa, it sounds like that's probably where you're going to see the most growth behind Middle East. Can help us think about the moving parts there? Obviously, the North Sea is going to be very strong, but you talked about some of your gains in East Africa. Can you help us think about within the geomarket your best revenue growth and maybe margin there as well?
Martin S. Craighead: Yes, Jud, this is Martin. Let me -- as Peter, I think, highlighted in his prepared comments, we had some record performance in -- across the world, and I can tell you that, particularly, that was led by, well, smaller Russia Caspian, did exceptionally well in the fourth quarter, and I think some nice contract awards are going to be underway there. In Africa, on all corners, putting North Africa aside right now with the chaos that's unfolding there, but East Africa and our position in Mozambique, our new facilities in Pemba and customers moving in there and some contract awards and of course, our strength in Nigeria and Angola and the Ivory Coast. So I think Africa will lead and compete with Russia Caspian in terms of the specific regional growth there. And then Europe is a massive business force and just a lot of numbers, it's going to be hard to move the needle, but we're in the process of mobilizing on those additional rigs in Norway. And it's such a technology-driven basin, and with some of the products, the steerable drilling liner that I mentioned and some other things, it's -- I wouldn't count out the ability of Norway, in particular, to add some real numbers in 2013. But it's already so big, so in terms of differential, it's not going to be like Africa or Russia Caspian.
Judson E. Bailey - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: Okay. That's a good color. And then in terms of margins, it sounds like some of the work you're talking about can -- I think the number was mentioned in terms of incrementals, maybe 20%, 25% incremental margins. Is that a safe assumption in that market? Or could it be a little higher than that?
Martin S. Craighead: We think it could be higher than that if we fire on all cylinders throughout the year.
Operator: Our next question comes from Brad Handler from Jefferies & Company.
Brad Handler - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Let me -- I'll stick with the -- some of the non-North America stuff as well, I guess just seeking whatever additional clarity. Coming back to this notion of kind of high grading and the quality of earnings and Martin, you obviously had a number of references in your comments to that. I guess I'm curious, have you already made decisions about exiting certain countries or certain product lines? Have you already affected those changes?
Martin S. Craighead: Yes and no. It's a process. It's a -- I wouldn't want to make -- I wouldn't want you to think that this is some kind of new or I -- it's just the way we're going to run the business. You have to make money or it has to be very clear when you're going to make money or there's no reason to be doing it. We have that same outlook on places as high profile as Iraq. We have a line of sight into where it's going to contribute, and if we can't, it's -- it doesn't make the cut. And we have to take some -- we have to make some decisions. And I think, in response to the earlier question, the way that we emerged out of our reorganization, it just takes time to sort out to see where -- which ones aren't going to make the cut, and only a few years into it, so I -- but I'm not going to be any more specific on that for obvious competitive reasons. But it's part of our mission to get our quality of earnings up and remain disciplined. So I don't want you to make it sound like it's a whole new way of operating or wave here. It's just that we're just going to continue to bring discipline to the numbers.
Brad Handler - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Sure. No, I understand that. I mean it's helpful. I appreciate you qualifying that for me. Does it -- so should -- as we've talked a little bit about your 2013 growth outlook internationally, did -- would you say it had an impact on others? I think you identified high single-digit, all in, sort a high single-digit revenue target or growth rate target for the year. Do you think it had some impact already in terms of that? Could it have been higher but sacrificing some margin opportunity? I mean would it -- decisions have already been made, I guess, is what I'm asking you to get at for us.
Peter A. Ragauss: Yes, this is Peter. It's a continuous process, and it didn't contribute much, I think, in 2012. I think there's a little bit more emphasis on it in 2013, and we're counting on some of that to happen perhaps more in 2013 than what occurred in 2012.
Brad Handler - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Okay, okay. Maybe very unrelated follow-up, but I appreciate some more color on it. Your read on what's happening in Colombia right now because I know that's been a problem area for a few quarters already?
Martin S. Craighead: We like our position there, and the permit situation that challenged the service sector over the last couple of quarters seems to be abating. There's been some nice geological success on part of a couple of the customers, got a real professional state oil company there. And so I think '13 will be much better than it was in '12 given some of those bureaucratic things behind us.
Operator: Our last question comes from Doug Becker from Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Douglas L. Becker - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Martin, just hoping you could take a step back and talk about just some of the self-help initiatives and maybe you've addressed some of these already, but I'm thinking along the lines of supply chain, reliability of tools, just an update on some of these self-help initiatives, major self-help initiatives Baker Hughes has ongoing.
Martin S. Craighead: Yes. Well, Doug, look, it's -- I'd say that we're probably at second base with regards to the opportunity around running that business more effectively and efficiently in light of how the markets evolve these unconventionals because as we've learned and as you guys know, logistics is a big driver and the efficiency behind that. So we've made great progress in freight, supply chain in general, which drives the utilization. The staffing numbers, we expect a lot more in terms of stages, but yet, we don't see the headcount going up anywhere near what it would have been under the way the business used to be run frankly. The leadership team that's been injected into that product line is first class. They know the customers. They know how to make money in the business. We're making the right decisions. So -- but the biggest impact and the one that takes the longest because you don't have complete control over it is the customer mix. You got for the wait for the contracts to come up. You got to wait for them to roll. You got to have a facility nearby, and I really like our win rate. I'm not going to comment on it explicitly and give you any kind of numbers, but I am really happy with the type of work, who customers are, where it's at, what the pricing is. And like I say, because we're probably on second base, we got a lot more opportunity through '13 and '14. And then any favorability in terms of pricing, should that occur, will be more impactful, I think, versus the less efficient way we were running the business before.
Douglas L. Becker - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: And this is something you do expect that we'll be able to see. I know there's a lot of moving parts in North America, but we're talking meaningful improvements here in terms of several hundred basis points. Correct?
Martin S. Craighead: We made meaningful improvement in '12, which just got tidal waved out because of the pricing situation. And I think we can make meaningful improvement in '13 and '14. Now we don't as many low-hanging fruits as we had in the early stages of, if you remember, Q2 and Q3 of last year, but the numbers, potentials are still there. It just may take a little bit longer to roll out through '13 and into '14.
Douglas L. Becker - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay. And then, Peter, just a quick one, you highlighted the international margins typically declined in the fourth quarter. You talked about some of the product sales and the impact there, talking about a flat U.S. rig count. Is it reasonable to say that first quarter EPS should be below the fourth quarter?
Peter A. Ragauss: Certainly, Canada, we would expect to improve. You saw -- you see the rig count week by week getting much stronger, so Canada should get its -- a traditional increase. Gulf of Mexico, not much help necessarily into Q1 for us. International, certainly down, and I think the big question mark is pressure pumping and whether or not we're going to get our utilization up in Q1, and I'm not going to call that for you.
Douglas L. Becker - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: So I guess -- I mean, so if I paraphrase, you think there's at least a chance that first quarter could be higher than the fourth quarter?
Peter A. Ragauss: Sure.
Martin S. Craighead: Always a chance.
Peter A. Ragauss: But there's a lot of volatility there, high beta [ph] there.
Douglas L. Becker - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: But chance is probably the wrong term, a reasonable, realistic chance.
Martin S. Craighead: You be the judge of that.
Operator: Thank you, and thank you for participating in today's Baker Hughes Incorporated Conference Call. This call will be available for replay beginning at 10:30 a.m. Eastern Time, 9:30 a.m. Central Time and will be available through 11:30 p.m. Eastern Time on Wednesday, February 4 -- or February 6, 2013. The number for replay is (888) 843-7419 in the United States or (630) 652-3042 for international calls, and the access code is 33868070. You may now disconnect. Thank you.

===== 2012 Q3  (2012-10-19 08:00:00) =====
Executives: Trey Clark - Vice President of Investor Relations Martin S. Craighead - Chief Executive Officer, President and Director Peter A. Ragauss - Chief Financial Officer and Senior Vice President
Analysts: James C. West - Barclays Capital, Research Division Kurt Hallead - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division William A. Herbert - Simmons & Company International, Research Division Angeline M. Sedita - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division James D. Crandell - Dahlman Rose & Company, LLC, Research Division Judson E. Bailey - ISI Group Inc., Research Division Scott Gruber - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division James Knowlton Wicklund - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division
Operator: Hello. My Name is Kanesha, and I will be your conference facilitator. At this time, I'd like to welcome everyone to the Baker Hughes Third Quarter 2012 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] I'd like to turn the conference over to Mr. Trey Clark, Vice President of Investor Relations. Sir, you may proceed.
Trey Clark: Thank you, Kanesha. Good morning, everyone. Welcome to the Baker Hughes Third Quarter 2012 Earnings Conference Call. Here with me today are Martin Craighead, President and CEO; and Peter Ragauss, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Today's presentation and the news release that was issued earlier today can be found on our website at bakerhughes.com. Additionally, reconciliation of operating profit and non-GAAP measures to GAAP results for historic periods can also be found on our website in the Investor Relations section under Supplemental Financial Information. Today's presentation -- during today's presentation, I must caution you that any company outlooks discussed this morning are subject to various risk factors. We'll try to highlight these risk factors as we make these forward-looking statements. However, the format of the call prevents a more thorough discussion of these risk factors. For a full review of these risk factors, please refer to Baker Hughes' SEC filings and, in particular, the forward-looking disclosure in this morning's news release. With that, I'll turn the call over to Martin Craighead. Martin?
Martin S. Craighead: Thanks, Trey, and good morning. Baker Hughes' third quarter results were impacted by 2 very different issues: first, we experienced several nonrecurring items that impacted our results and Peter will describe these for you in more detail later in the call; second, we experienced challenging market conditions in both North America and internationally and I'll offer some insights on those conditions. The pressure pumping market remains unbalanced due to excess capacity. This imbalance continues to drive pricing pressure and strained profitability as the industry works to align to this market reality. Additionally, some of our customers are postponing activity, especially mid-cap North America operators, for a number of reasons, including budgetary issues, over-leveraged balance sheets and uncertainty over future commodity prices. As a result, we're seeing pockets of delays in certain geomarkets and I'll address this in more detail later in the call. I'll also expand on our operational results this quarter, which provide evidence that we are positioning Baker Hughes to succeed in this market with a strong emphasis on execution, differentiating technology and a sharp focus on cost and capital discipline. But first, I'll turn the call over to Peter to describe our third quarter financial performance. Peter?
Peter A. Ragauss: Thanks, Martin. Good morning. Before I begin the review of the third quarter operating financials, I'd like to highlight several items that impacted our results this quarter. First, we have taken a charge of $28 million after tax associated with an impairment of internally developed software and other information technology assets, as well as expenses associated with the new data center. Second, we've taken a charge of $15 million after tax associated with the closure of a chemical manufacturing facility in the United Kingdom. This decision is part of our supply chain savings initiative, which will drive down costs in the future. Third, we've provided $27 million after tax for bad debts in our International segments. $22 million is related to a significant customer in Latin America and the balance is due to a customer bankruptcy affecting our operations in Europe. Fourth, our Gulf of Mexico operations were impacted by Hurricane Isaac, resulting in a 2-week delay and a loss of $0.02 per share. And finally, we've made the decision to sell our Process and Pipeline Services business, otherwise known as PPS. Accordingly, we've reclassified in all periods the revenue, expenses, cash flows and balance sheet at PPS to discontinued operations. PPS was previously a component of our Industrial Services segment, which now primarily consists of our downstream chemicals and specialty polymers businesses. We currently expect the ultimate disposition of PPS to be finalized in the coming months. Now moving to the operating results. This morning, we reported adjusted net income for the third quarter of $322 million or $0.73 per share. This excludes 2 of the previously highlighted items: charges for IT and the closure of the U.K. manufacturing facility. On a GAAP basis, net income attributable to Baker Hughes for the third quarter was $279 million or $0.63 per share. We posted revenue for the third quarter of $5.23 billion, up 3% or $164 million from last year and up $16 million sequentially. Adjusted EBITDA for the third quarter was $924 million, down 18% compared to last year and down 7% sequentially. As mentioned, third quarter results were impacted by several items. To help in your understanding of this quarter's results, I'll bridge last quarter's EPS to this quarter. In Q2, we posted earnings of $1 per share. First, subtract $0.10 for the change in our overall tax rate. This is to account for a favorable tax position in the previous quarter. Subtract $0.03 for North America operations as the seasonal return of Canadian activity was more than offset by further weakness in the pressure pumping market and higher raw material costs. Subtract $0.07 for international operations, primarily due to activity delays in Europe and North Africa and transitory expenses in the Middle East. Subtract $0.02 for Industrial Services, primarily due to reduced demand for specialty polymers. Add $0.03 for lower corporate costs. At this point, our operational earnings per share would have been $0.81. However, due to the bad debt provision in Latin America and Europe and the hurricane in the Gulf of Mexico, we subtract another $0.08. This brings us to adjusted earnings per share of $0.73. To reconcile with GAAP earnings per share, subtract $0.07 for the charges related to IT and subtract $0.03 for the charge relating to the closure of the manufacturing facility. That brings us to $0.63 per share. Now, we'll compare our third quarter results with the third quarter of last year. Starting with a $1.61 in third quarter of last year, subtract $0.49 for a tax benefit associated with the reorganization of certain foreign subsidiaries. Add $0.06 for the termination of debt in the third quarter of last year, that brings us to a third quarter 2011 adjusted earnings per share of $1.18. Subtract $0.40 for North America operations as a result of less favorable market conditions for our pressure pumping product line, combined with Canadian activity being significantly lower than the third quarter last year. Add $0.04 for International operations resulting from improved profits primarily in the Middle East, Russia Caspian and Latin America. Subtract $0.02 for Industrial Services, primarily due to reduced demand for specialty polymers. Add $0.04 for the lower corporate costs and interest expense. Subtract $0.03 for higher taxes due to a higher effective tax rate. This, again, brings us to $0.81 per share before we subtract another $0.08 for the bad debt provisions in Latin America and Europe, as well as the Gulf of Mexico hurricane. From the adjusted earnings per share of $0.73, subtract $0.07 for the expenses related to IT. And finally, subtract $0.03 for the facility closure. That brings us back again to $0.63 per share. In Table 5 of our earnings release, we provide adjusted financial information, including the impact of this quarter's 2 identified adjusting items on each region's results. From this point on in the conference call, any comment on revenue, operating profit and operating profit margin refer explicitly to Table 5, unless otherwise stated. Moving on to North America. Revenue in North America was $2.7 billion, up $21 million or 1% compared to a year ago and up $70 million or 3% sequentially. North America operating profit was $321 million, down $281 million year-on-year and down $36 million sequentially. North America operating margin was 11.7%, down 1,040 basis points compared to last year and down 160 basis points compared to the previous quarter. Our North American operational performance can be summarized in 4 points: first, while Canada activity levels did increase following spring breakup, rig counts trailed the prior year by 26% on average, resulting in lower activity levels for our products and services. Our Canadian pressure pumping product line also began to realize pricing degradation as that market is now experiencing an overcapacity of equipment; second, in the U.S., our pressure pumping product line continued to face margin pressure with lower pricing for services and higher costs for guar; third, Hurricane Isaac resulted in a reduction of operations along the Gulf Coast with many offshore installations delayed by 2 weeks; and fourth, on a positive note, outside of pressure pumping, our other product lines continue to post good results despite rig counts declining 3% in the U.S. during the quarter. Moving to International. Revenue was $2.3 billion, up $149 million or 7% compared to a year ago and up $40 million or 2% versus the prior quarter. International operating profit was $248 million, flat year-on-year and down $72 million sequentially. This figure includes the provision for bad debt of $29 million previously highlighted. International operating margin was 10.8%, down 80 basis points year-on-year and down 290 basis points sequentially. Excluding the impact of bad debt, International margins would have been 12%, an increase of 40 basis points year-on-year and a decrease of 170 basis points sequentially. Again, excluding the impact of $22 million in bad debt in our Latin America segment, we saw year-over-year improvement in both revenue and margins. However, sequential revenue was down $21 million, with operating profit down $3 million. This would have resulted in an operating margin up 12.7% in Latin America, unchanged from the prior quarter. Overall, the revenue and profit reduction was driven primarily by reduced rig activity in Colombia and field lab project delays in Mexico. In Europe/Africa/Russia Caspian, revenue and margins were both above last year's third quarter levels. Sequentially, we saw a drop in revenue of $59 million with operating profits down $34 million, excluding the bad debt in Europe. This reduction in activity is primarily associated with a 20% decline in rig activity in Norway, resulting in significant project delays for drilling fluids, artificial lift and drilling services product lines. In Continental Europe, we saw reduced activity in our Drilling services product line as a significant customer put 2/3 of its active rigs into maintenance during the quarter. And finally, in Africa, our wireline services product line experienced a significant reduction in activity due to contractual delays with a major customer in Algeria. The Middle East/Asia Pacific segment saw strong revenue growth year-on-year, primarily due to Saudi Arabia and Iraq. Sequentially, revenue was up $40 million due to increased completion sales in Saudi Arabia. Operating margins, however, were down due to higher operating costs, which were mostly transitory, again, in Saudi Arabia and Iraq. Our Industrial Services segment, which has been reclassified to now exclude our Process and Pipeline Services business, revenue was $193 million, down $6 million compared to the prior year and down $14 million sequentially. Operating profit was $14 million compared to $31 million last year and $26 million last quarter. The decrease in profit is primarily due to reduced sales in our specialty polymers business, which faced reduced demand, driven by sluggish economic conditions in the U.S., Europe and China. Turning to the balance sheet. For the quarter, we were cash flow positive, and our cash increased $215 million to a total of $1 billion. Total debt was $5.15 billion, up $113 million from the prior period. Our total debt-to-capital ratio remained at 23%, and capital expenditures for the quarter were $732 million. Now let me provide you with our guidance for the remainder of 2012, starting with rig counts. For North America, we expect the average annual rig count to contract by 1% this year versus last year or down 25 rigs year-over-year. In the U.S., for oil, we expect to exit 2012 with 1,369 rigs, which is an increase of 21% compared to Q4 of 2011 and a sequential reduction of 3% compared to the third quarter's exit rate. For natural gas, we expect to exit 2012 with 420 natural gas rigs in the U.S., which is a 13-year low for natural gas rigs and a 52% reduction year-over-year. Sequentially, it is a decline of 3%. In Canada, we expect the Q4 average rig count to be 340 rigs, which is a decrease of 28% compared to last year. Sequentially, this is an increase of only 15 rigs or 3%. Overall, this equates to a reduction in the North America rig count of 14% compared to Q4 2011 and sequential reduction of 4% relative to the third quarter. In the Gulf of Mexico, we expect continued activity and margin improvement as hurricane season ends and the deepwater rig count continues to rise. In U.S. land, we expect the decline in rig counts will partially be offset by continued improvement in the number of wells drilled. However, we do not anticipate an improvement in pressure pumping pricing and we could also begin to see pricing pressure in some of our nonproduction-related product lines. In Canada, activity levels are expected to be flat as we do not predict a meaningful increase in the Canadian rig count. And we expect pricing in some product lines could become an issue as service companies begin adjusting to the new market realities in Canada. On the cost side, there are 2 items which should work in our favor in North America: first, our actions to continue lowering our pressure pumping cost base will provide incremental benefits in the fourth quarter; and second, with the guar situation behind us, we can expect to see our costs decline. For the International rig count, we've reduced our full year 2012 over full year 2011 growth forecast to 3%. This excludes the impact of Iraq, which Baker Hughes began including in our rig count last year. This revised forecast reflects the recent contraction in the rig count during the third quarter, particularly in Brazil, Colombia and Norway. Also contributing is a reduction in fourth quarter expected growth. Compared to Q3, rig counts are expected to grow a modest 3% in Q4 with the most significant growth occurring in Saudi Arabia and China offshore, along with a moderate rebound in Brazil, Colombia and Norway. For Baker Hughes International segments, we are projecting fourth quarter sequential profit margin improvement in every international region. But we expect the Q4 international margins to be flat to slightly down compared to last year's exit rate. Industrial Services should see a decrease in revenue and an increase in operating profit in Q4 with margins around 10%. Process and Pipeline Services, which is now included in discontinued operations, should see its normal seasonal decline in Q4 with revenue declining approximately 25%. Moving to interest expense. We expect it to be between $55 million and $60 million for Q4. Corporate costs are now expected to be between $70 million and $75 million for Q4. Depreciation and amortization expense in Q4 is expected to be between $390 million and $400 million. Our effective tax rate for the full year is now expected to be between 32% and 33%, which is lower than previous guidance. This means we expect a tax rate of approximately 35% in the fourth quarter. Lastly, capital expenditures for 2012 are expected to be about $2.8 billion. At this point, I'll turn the call back over to Martin.
Martin S. Craighead: Thanks, Peter. I'd like to begin with our review of our North America business, starting with Canada where delays in customer spending has meaningfully reduced activity levels. Canada has traditionally been a predominantly natural gas-driven market, and while our customers are largely targeting oil plays, their existing natural gas assets still account for a significant part of the revenue base. And with uncertainty over forward-looking commodity prices, our customers are taking a conservative approach to their business right now. For us, that means activity in Canada did not ramp up as high as expected. And looking ahead, we only predict a slight activity improvement through the rest of the winter drilling season. Faced with a lower rig activity, our Canadian operations are leveraging their strength in non-drilling-related -- non-drilling, rig-dependent product lines such as upstream chemicals and artificial lift. For example, we are targeting growth in the SAGD market with the CENtigrade Ultra Temperature ESP System. More importantly, this technology allows for higher production temperatures resulting in a larger steam chamber. Our customers are seeing production increases by as much as 50%. The same market adjustment and realignment we saw in Canada is also occurring in the United States, albeit more modestly as liquids-rich basins are more prevalent, larger and more mature in their development cycle. Although rig counts are declining, there's no debating the fact that rig efficiencies are improving, resulting in increased well deliveries and this is partially offsetting the decline in rig count. In fact, during 2012, the average number of wells per rig in the United States jumped by more than 15%, meaning each rig now drills, on average, about 4.5 wells per quarter. This material increase in efficiency can be attributed to our customers transitioning from exploration to development, more efficient pad drilling practices, and in a large part, to the products and services that we deliver to the well site as we continue to position Baker Hughes as the experts in well construction. In fact, I'm pleased to report that even amidst declining U.S. activity, our U.S. line completions and drilling systems product lines had record revenue during the quarter. Our sliding sleeve technology continues to displace plug and perf operations in the oily basins as well. And drilling systems continues to grow share with rotary steerables as the AutoTrak Curve system reached another milestone this quarter, having drilled 2 million feet in the United States, and that's another 1 million feet in the last 4 months. In addition, demand for artificial lift and upstream chemicals remains strong and we posted near record revenues for these product lines. That all said, the North American pressure pumping market remains very challenging. Over the past 2 quarters, we've highlighted the steps we've taken to improve our business, including increasing the amount of work that is under contract, improving fleet utilization through more 24-hour operations, improving our supply chain and logistics as well as technology solutions to enhance our efficiency and reduce dependency on commodities such as guar. To that end, our MaxPerm product has now replaced 50% of guar in linear gel applications. And I'm happy to report that during the quarter, we extensively and successfully field-tested CLEARSTAR, our cross-linked inorganic alternative. During the quarter, we also secured several new contracts with a favorable customer mix to provide pressure pumping services in the Rockies, the Permian and the Eagle Ford Basins and our contracts for these products and services will have a positive impact starting in early 2013. And these wins are about more than just revenue, however. These customers are 100% aligned with our objective to increase 24-hour operations and our infrastructure is close to their infrastructure, so we're on the right path to purposely manage our cost base and improving asset utilization. So let me assure you the strategic initiatives we've outlined to improve the pressure pumping business are on track and I'm -- and enhancing our ability to compete in this current market. In the Gulf of Mexico, we are very pleased with our performance and believe this region will drive meaningful growth for Baker Hughes. For the past several quarters, we have predicted strong activity gains in the Gulf and that activity is materializing as anticipated. Our teams in the Gulf have done a tremendous job winning work and we are executing as planned in the deepwater. We told you this was a priority of ours, and I'm pleased to report that Baker Hughes is now the leading provider of drilling services on the shelf and the deepwater Gulf. In addition, our stimulation vessels are beginning to secure long-term contracts for 2013 and beyond. Also, we've recently introduced a series of advanced wireline services into the Gulf of Mexico. These include Nautilus Ultra, a suite of evaluation tools designed to operate at extreme temperatures and pressures; GeoExplorer, a high-resolution formation imager; MaxCOR, a large diameter rotary coring service; and a newly introduced advanced fluid sampling service. These technologies target the deepwater exploration and development market and provide the industry with leading petrophysical analysis and fluid characterization in extreme operating environs. Based on these product launches, our wireline business is also gaining share in deepwater. This success is in addition to our strong position on the shelf where we are leaders in the deployment of high-pressure, high-temperature wireline evaluation technologies as we've highlighted in previous calls. And finally, as we said before, the deepwater completions market is expected to ramp up in mid-2013, and as a leading provider of completions technology in the world, we are uniquely poised to leverage this opportunity. Our investment in our Center for Technology Innovation is enabling us to deliver differentiating technology for deepwater completion applications. Now turning to our International business. I'm disappointed with our results this quarter. As Peter mentioned earlier, the drop in rig activity impacted our Latin America, Europe/Africa/Russia Caspian segments. More specifically, Brazil, Colombia and Norway rig counts were down collectively by about 17% and these are all meaningful markets for Baker Hughes. In the Middle East/Asia Pacific region, our margins also dropped despite an increase in revenue. Here, we experienced costs and delays due to the movement of equipment into Iraq. And even though Iraq contributed to the international margin compression this quarter, I firmly believe that being in Iraq is the right thing to do for Baker Hughes in the long term and we are committed to making our Iraq operations a meaningful contributor to our portfolio. And looking to the fourth quarter, as Peter said, we project sequential improvement in our International margins in every segment. This is the result of a rebound in activity in areas such as Norway, Continental Europe and Colombia. However, we do not expect International margins to exceed last year's exit rate and here's why: first, the rig count is lower than we originally planned in Latin America and Asia Pacific, specifically; and second, we expect the Iraq start-up costs to continue for at least another quarter. Looking beyond the fourth quarter, Baker Hughes is very well positioned in areas where we project the strongest growth in 2013. In Saudi Arabia, for example, we're combining our strong local content, improving shale gas technologies to target the unconventional market and we're seeing results. This quarter, we've been awarded a multi-well campaign in unconventionals, which includes pressure pumping services. In Norway, we continue building scale and have already begun mobilizing resources and started work under our new integrated drilling services contract. And in Africa, we see our activity on the East Coast growing and we've opened a new facility in Mozambique to support our long-term growth opportunities for this region. So looking ahead, as I said earlier, succeeding in this market requires differentiating technology and capital discipline. We continue to invest in the right technologies and commercialize new products and service. And we are allocating capital to the product lines and regions that provide differential earnings growth, while at the same time, we are reducing investment in product lines and geomarkets that are non-core or do not provide the required rate of return. In the near term, our top priority is improving the quality of our earnings, increasing returns on capital and generating positive cash flows. And to that end, we project around a 25% reduction in capital expenditures for 2013. With that, Trey, let's open up for some questions.
Trey Clark: Thank you, Martin. At this point, I'll ask the operator to open our lines for your questions. [Operator Instructions]
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of James West.
James C. West - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Martin, on the pressure pumping side of the business in North America, we've seen Schlumberger start to stack equipment. We saw Halliburton, at least, announce on Wednesday they're kind of drawing a line in the sand, if you will, around pricing. Are you guys taking similar initiatives with respect to kind of pricing trends to kind of help stabilize this market? I recognize you have other initiatives underway such as going 24 hours and upgrading your customer base, but are you also, like others, kind of trying to stop the bleeding here on the pricing side?
Martin S. Craighead: Absolutely. And if you remember, I think we kind of led the dialogue around the fact that we weren't going to put any more horsepower into the market until we could be assured that it would be beneficial to our business. And the supply chain continues to, a quarter ago, produce equipment, and we simply, if you will, cold stacked it. And we've added no more horsepower for that exact reason. So I mean, we're 2 quarters into this effort to try to stabilize pricing in the market and we're very pleased with the discipline that the market seems to finally be realizing.
James C. West - Barclays Capital, Research Division: And is that helping to actually stabilize pricing to this point?
Martin S. Craighead: At this point, I'd say -- no, I'd say no. I'd say the pricing -- there's quite a bit, not for us, frankly. I mean, we've been in the spot market right or wrong for all this year. There's quite a bit of contracts that are still rolling off for some of the suppliers. And I think as that happens, it breeds a little bit more aggressiveness as those contracts come up and I think that's going to be with us, if you will, for probably another couple of quarters, James.
Peter A. Ragauss: Yes, James. James, this is Peter. Just another observation. We're hoping -- I shouldn't say hoping, but we were expecting pricing to sort of flatten out starting in Q3, but it hasn't. It's been dropping at the same rate all through Q3. So there's still some momentum. If you just think about the technical on it, there's still some momentum that it could go down further.
James C. West - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Okay, okay. That's helpful. And then just one follow-up on the International side, the International margin guidance for the exit rate for this year. If we were to exclude the start-up costs in Iraq, would you be up year-over-year? I mean, is that really the big driver of it being down? Or is there something else going on there?
Martin S. Craighead: No, it's an Iraq story and a timing issue and all the logistics. So the answer to your question is oh yes, we'd be up if it wasn't for Iraq.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Kurt Hallead.
Kurt Hallead - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: So yes, I want to try to get a general sense now. You've provided some very good commentary and outlook for the very near term into the fourth quarter. I think everybody is now setting their sights on 2013 and trying to get some assessments on that front. In the context, we've heard some recent commentary from some land drillers and from Halliburton the other day about a pickup in U.S. activity heading out into the first quarter. Just wanted to get your perspectives on that and what do you expect to see in the U.S. land market out and into the first quarter and whether or not you might -- we might see an acceleration as you head out through the year.
Martin S. Craighead: I think an acceleration as you head out into the second half of next year, Kurt. We're still forecasting a bit of a dropoff in U.S. land in Q4, a pickup in Canada, a pickup in the Gulf of Mexico. You add them all together, I'd say Q4 rig count is still down a little bit and into Q1, let's say flat and then picking back up in Q2 excluding the effect of Canada. So I'd say that we're pretty much flat here on out, down a little bit near term. And then Q2, Q3, which is a pretty far away out, let's -- I mean, let's face it, that's quite a forecast out, but we're more optimistic longer term.
Peter A. Ragauss: Yes, we did -- in my commentary, Kurt, we did talk about the rig count being down sequentially going into Q4, so it's not exactly flat. We do expect the rig count to come down in Q4 from Q3 and sort of flatten from there.
Kurt Hallead - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: So the other thing you guys mentioned was 4.5 wells per rig now. So what kind of -- are we at a new plateau, or do you see that well count per rig continuing to increase and to what degree?
Martin S. Craighead: I think -- I'd say we're only on second base in terms of what our rig contractor friends are capable of doing and what we're capable of adding to the whole mix as well. I'm not smart enough to forecast where we're going to go from this 4.5 per rigs except I feel confident telling you it's going to get better and I think there's quite a bit of opportunity. And as well, as I said, Kurt, and you know this, the customer community is getting increasingly comfortable with the reservoirs now and moving into full-scale rapid development of these. So I think they're going to push harder and harder and things like the AutoTrak Curve, the sliding sleeve technology, is really, really facilitating our customers in that effort.
Kurt Hallead - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And just to close out on that question once again, so a 15% increase wells per rig, is that a kind of rate that you think we can continue to see as you head out into '13?
Martin S. Craighead: Yes, absolutely.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Bill Herbert.
William A. Herbert - Simmons & Company International, Research Division: Martin and Peter, North America margins, fourth quarter, recognizing the fact that frac pricing continues to go lower and domestic activity is slipping as well, Gulf of Mexico coming back, guar cost inflation becoming deflation, so that should help. Could margins be flat in the fourth quarter, if not better?
Peter A. Ragauss: One thing we're not having this fourth quarter, Bill, is the Gulf -- sorry, that Canada is not coming back anywhere near where it used to. So you could expect Canada to be flattish to up a little bit; Gulf of Mexico, up a bit. We are looking at a rig count, Q3 to Q4, down 3% in U.S. land and you combine the rig count being down and pricing, so it feels like you've got some pretty strong negative forces. And the question is, will our cost savings in guar and further refinements in headcount, logistics and R&M, which have been pretty good cost savings over the past couple of quarters and I think we'll still have cost savings there into Q4, the balance is whether or not we can cost-save our way against the headwinds and that's a tough thing to call right now.
William A. Herbert - Simmons & Company International, Research Division: Okay. But it sounds like the guar deflationary tailwind is large enough where you're actually having to think about whether margins will even be down or not in the quarter. I mean -- is that correct?
Peter A. Ragauss: Yes, yes.
William A. Herbert - Simmons & Company International, Research Division: Okay. And then along the lines of your North American rig count prophecy, we exited Canada at 360. Last week, we were at 360, and yet you're calling for an average rig count of 340. Do you see specific visibility from customers that lead you to conclude that activity is going to fall off pretty sharply here between now and year end?
Martin S. Craighead: I think our rig count numbers on Canada -- Bill, this is Martin. I disagree with what you just said here. We're showing Canada up 15 rigs.
William A. Herbert - Simmons & Company International, Research Division: No, no, no. I got that. But I mean I'm just saying exit, right? So we average 325. I mean, I can do this offline, but -- and we exit 360 and then last week was 360 and you're calling for an average of 340, which implies a pretty steep decline from this point forward.
Martin S. Craighead: Remember the holiday season and so whether we're talking exits or averages. I think that given our size in Canada and our intimacy with the customer community, you obviously have some big operators, Bill, but you have a high density of mid-caps to small caps and their ability to raise funds and money. And if you parachute into Calgary right now, I'd say that in the customer community, not our community, but in the customer community, there's just a lack of enthusiasm given where gas prices are and differentials. So it's going to be up in the winter drilling season, as I said, but I wouldn't model in too much activity relative to where we are right now. Up, but not a lot, okay?
William A. Herbert - Simmons & Company International, Research Division: Okay. And if I understood you correctly, in response to another question, you seem to have a high level of conviction that apart from MEA, Latin America and Europe, Africa, CIS margins were going to be up nicely year-over-year versus Q4 of last year, is that correct?
Martin S. Craighead: Yes.
Operator: Your next question comes from Angie Sedita.
Angeline M. Sedita - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: As a follow-up on that question on Q4 for North American margins, obviously, you're getting a little bit of benefit from guar help in the Gulf of Mexico, Canada's not helping, also some benefit on the cost side, but still obviously seasonally lower on utilization. Is it possible that North American margins in Q4 decline to the high-single digits, or do you expect to stay in the double digits?
Martin S. Craighead: Angie, can you ask -- what did you say on the double digits? Could it decline high-double digits?
Angeline M. Sedita - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Could it decline to the high-single digits for North American margins in Q4, or will it stay in the low-double digits?
Martin S. Craighead: I don't think it would be that bad.
Peter A. Ragauss: Yes, I think it's a double-digit number just based on where we are today.
Angeline M. Sedita - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Okay, that helps. And then the benefit of guar, I would expect you expect a partial benefit from guar in Q4 and a continuation of some tailwinds into Q1 as well?
Martin S. Craighead: Correct.
Peter A. Ragauss: Yes.
Martin S. Craighead: Correct. The majority should be in Q4 and then tapering off into Q1, maybe even Q2 depending on the usage volumes, Angie, as well as the substitution rate of these new products, which, frankly, are accelerating. So we may see some guar inventory still being queued up in Q2.
Angeline M. Sedita - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Okay, okay, very helpful. And then on the International margins, entering into Q1, clearly some onetime issues both in Europe, Africa, Russia and Middle East. But going into Q1, should we assume Q3 is our baseline and you have a continuation of some of that, at least in Iraq in Q1, or will we go back to more normalized levels that we saw in Q2 of this year?
Peter A. Ragauss: We said on the call we think we got another quarter of the cost issues in Iraq. We play that quarter-by-quarter. We're optimistic we'd get those behind us and then we should -- that should help us out. The Q1 typically is a dip from Q4, as you know. I think we do have some product sales in Q4 typically. So maybe we can get the Iraq problem solved in Q4 to help out, but Q1 is typically softer than Q4 as it has been for many years.
Martin S. Craighead: Angie, I think I'd add that as we said, 4 is better than 3, 3 had some very unusual activity kicks that didn't work in our favor. But it's one quarter, you move on. And as Peter said, we have some rebounding in Q4, then you have some seasonal impacts that you generally have in Q1. But the outlook in International is, I can tell you, favorable. Activity should be up from where we are today. We don't have the drama around the pricing that affected all of us in '12. Hopefully, that's behind. We have a stabilizing Iraq situation, as Peter highlighted. So we're optimistic about '13 from an international perspective.
Angeline M. Sedita - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Okay, very helpful. And just to clarify one thing you said, would I assume that Q1 is higher than Q3?
Martin S. Craighead: I would think so.
Peter A. Ragauss: Yes, yes, I would think so as well.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jim Crandell.
James D. Crandell - Dahlman Rose & Company, LLC, Research Division: I think you made a comment in your prepared remarks that you would begin to -- or you could begin or would begin to see pricing pressure in non-pressure pumping drilling-oriented product lines in the -- maybe in this quarter. Could you elaborate a little bit on that?
Martin S. Craighead: Yes, we said we could and that's just for the benefit of transparency, Jim. Given the size of the pressure pumping spend and its relative percentage of an AFD today, with pressure on that particular product line, and as James asked right out of the blocks, until we see stabilization and hopefully sooner rather than later, you're going to get some drag-on effect on these package type of pricing and so forth. And so have we seen it? Not really. But could we see it? Yes, we could see it and that's, at this stage, all we can say on it.
James D. Crandell - Dahlman Rose & Company, LLC, Research Division: And Martin, some of these wins you've had recently in pressure pumping have been for integrated packages where you're putting in your bits and fluids and completion products, et cetera, into the bid?
Martin S. Craighead: The ones that I highlighted on this call are predominantly, I believe, entirely significant, significant pressure pumping contracts only.
James D. Crandell - Dahlman Rose & Company, LLC, Research Division: Okay, but it does require -- does remain a key part of your strategy to try to...
Martin S. Craighead: Yes, absolutely.
James D. Crandell - Dahlman Rose & Company, LLC, Research Division: Do the integrated jobs? Okay. Secondly, my other question was, if you look at your margins in Europe, Africa, CIS, I know you explained it, but it seems like an awful sharp margin drop being the -- given the drop in revenues. Could you elaborate on that region a little bit and specifically what caused that?
Martin S. Craighead: First of all, I agree with you. Sharp is putting it mildly. But, Jim, when you work through the numbers, Norway, and particularly the mix in Central Europe, but Norway was down 22% rig count. Given our position there, that's just -- and as you know, the cost structure, there's not much variable cost that's going to go away in Norway when it's so abrupt. But I think, as most people know, those rigs are already back to work, as well as Central Europe. So -- but it doesn't -- it's a high fixed cost business and it doesn't take much drop in revenue to almost fall to the bottom line $0.80 on the dollar.
James D. Crandell - Dahlman Rose & Company, LLC, Research Division: So you would attribute a large part of that big incremental margin drop to Norway.
Martin S. Craighead: No, almost all, well, all of it.
James D. Crandell - Dahlman Rose & Company, LLC, Research Division: All of it, okay.
Martin S. Craighead: Very close to all of it.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jud Bailey.
Judson E. Bailey - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: Wanted to discuss Middle East. You touched on Iraq and I wanted to see if you could give us an update on how things are progressing for you guys in other parts of the region, specifically, Saudi Arabia, and how things are looking for 2013.
Martin S. Craighead: Jud, that's a good question. And I tell you, it's very optimistic, led by Saudi Arabia. As I highlighted in our prepared remarks, there's a continuing movement into the unconventionals. We were awarded a nice pressure pumping contract. I think that goes hand-in-hand with our commitment to the unconventional engineering that's going there with our research center that we opened up 2 quarters ago, as well as some of the integrated operations that we have in the neutral zone, as well as Shaybah and some others. So 2013, Saudi Arabia should be much, much stronger even over this year. And Oman and Kuwait, and I would say there's some pricing gains to be made in the Gulf, Abu Dhabi, our share position continues to grow on the drilling, as well as the wireline. So Middle East continues to be, and no doubt that it will continue to be one of the best stories we have on the Eastern Hemisphere.
Judson E. Bailey - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: Okay. My follow-up is on Latin America. It sounds like you guys probably got hit pretty hard with the rig count decline in Colombia. And I was wondering if you could give us a little more color maybe into what's going on there and kind of maybe the prospects for a turnaround and perhaps timing as we think about the next couple of quarters.
Martin S. Craighead: Yes, it's likely to recover in a quarter or 2. The driver there is, frankly, permitting issues around some environmental concerns. There's some geopolitical issues in that region that's slowing activity. I think on the geological success side, our customers are satisfied. I won't say ecstatic at this case, but I think they still remain bullish on that region. So if we get some of these permitting issues behind us, they'll get going again. The thing that -- yes, that was part of our Latin America contraction, as well as the bad debt provision that Peter highlighted. But, Jud, the other thing was, in Brazil, there was rig count decline as the drillships, particularly in the pre-salt area and some other Santos Basin moved from the drilling into the work-over completion phase. And given our position on the drilling front, that didn't help us. But that's temporary. It generally happens every year in Q3, maybe a little bit in Q4 as they try to hit their production figures.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Scott Gruber.
Scott Gruber - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: Martin, I want to inquire more about the international strategy, quite a lot of detail on what's happened recently. But when I think about what's happened over the past decade or so, last cycle Baker was growing at the low end of the peer group range, you had the FCPA issue. But it seems to be playing out again this cycle even looking beyond this quarter at the last few. Now previously, you weren't willing to chase a lot of the low-margin work that was being offered, and there's significant pricing competition for some contracts. But I also thought that we're starting to show some better relative margin improvement. So Martin, are you starting to think about doing anything different from a strategy perspective on the international side to close the growth in margin gaps, or do you think the current plan is sufficient after we get through the near-term headwinds?
Martin S. Craighead: Scott, that's a great question. And certainly, the thing that's not playing out again is the FCPA challenges, so let's make that clear. The issues on the, say, revenue growth, we've been open and honest about it. We're not chasing revenue for revenue's sake. It doesn't do us any good. It doesn't do you any good. It doesn't do our customers any good on the long term. I'm very satisfied with the strategy that's rolling out. We spent -- we're at a different point in the investment cycle, as you well know, relative to some of our peers. We are just now completing the build out phase this year and a lot of the infrastructure in our move from west to east. I really am happy with our market share gains in the Middle East, in Russia, our solid positions in the key markets of Latin America and Europe, particularly in Norway and Central Europe. But we have a lot of upside potential obviously, as you highlighted in terms of revenue, but we're not going to chase revenue for revenue's sake. And the other thing I'd tell you is while our build out is taking place, is it fully up and running in all that locations? No, it takes a little bit of time. And we still have some portfolio management is all I'd say is on the heels of the reorganization. Would I tell you that all of our mix is exactly what we want it to be? The honest answer is no. So we've got to look at that a little bit more sharply. But we're on the right track, we're doing the right things and I'm satisfied with the execution of our strategy by our Latin America, as well as our Eastern Hemisphere team.
Scott Gruber - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: Now you provided guidance that overall CapEx would take a big 25% reduction in '13. What's the direction of International CapEx given that you are at a different point in the cycle?
Martin S. Craighead: International CapEx is up from here, but the mix is changing significantly from, let's say, roofline into some feeding the rental tool contracts in places like Norway, Middle East on the wireline and drilling and completion areas. So it's up in terms of dollars and it doesn't take much of a reduction in North America given the size of the North America CapEx budgets the last few years, Scott, to shift some money to the East and still have savings to help the balance sheet. So but there's also a mix shift besides just a dollar increase.
Scott Gruber - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: And if I could slip one last one in, the International CapEx, is that -- I know you're still probably finalizing your budget, but is it going to be up double digits? Is that the right ballpark?
Martin S. Craighead: Too early to say, too early to say.
Operator: Your final question comes from Jim Wicklund.
James Knowlton Wicklund - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Yesterday, on the conference call -- on Halliburton's conference call the other day, they talked about a lot of their customers having exhausted budgets. You mentioned it earlier in the presentation. They talked about how there would probably be more vacation days taken this year, reminding us of 2007. Are you guys seeing that in your North American business as well?
Martin S. Craighead: Frankly, no. But I think the other way to look at that -- have we heard that particular reason being? No. I think what there is, is just a continuing bit of lack of urgency given just the cautious posture North American customers have. So will they use the excuse that it's holiday season and slow down? Perhaps. But they're certainly in an environment where there's just a kind of a wait-and-see posture. And so, I guess, I'd agree with the end result. I'm not sure I'd agree with the reason that's driving it.
James Knowlton Wicklund - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Okay. So either way you're taking that into account, the slowdown for the rest of the...
Martin S. Craighead: Yes, that's why we show the U.S. land rig count declining, as Peter highlighted, 3 to 4, okay?
James Knowlton Wicklund - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Okay, my follow-up question, I know we've beat Iraq to death, but what are -- are these start-up costs, are these delays, are these losses on the contract? And the part that Peter didn't sound like he actually -- you all were completely sure how long these, whatever these costs were, will continue, can you give us an idea of what they are so we can have a better idea of the impact?
Martin S. Craighead: I can, I can, Jim. And these are not costs associated with getting stuck or losing a well or something. These are costs associated, frankly, with the institutional inefficiencies of where Iraq is right now in trying to run its own business. I don't mean us, I mean the country. Two rigs came off-line, had to be moved. To be moved, they had to go into a free zone. To go into a free zone -- there's just no tariff structure. Jim, we're not going to -- we're going to do things the right way. You got to wait to read the rules. And if the rules are being written or rewritten, you stand down and wait for it to get sorted out. So there's a great deal of inefficiency, but the country -- and you know I've been there multiple times, the country is in its early stages. But as I said, it's the right place to invest and we'll look back at these inefficiencies as just a real quick snapshot in time, a blink of an eye.
James Knowlton Wicklund - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: We can hope. Is it getting better?
Martin S. Craighead: Yes, absolutely. Security front's getting better and they're working through their issues. But as I say, hopefully, and as Peter highlighted, hopefully we'll get them digested in Q4. But I think to say that it's just going to operate like expected, it's going to operate like a Saudi Arabia in 2013 is being way too optimistic. It's in its early stages.
Trey Clark: Thanks, Jim. That concludes today's presentation. Thanks for your time this morning.
Operator: Thank you for participating in today's Baker Hughes Incorporated conference call. This call will be available for replay beginning at 9:30 a.m. Eastern Time, 8:30 a.m. Central and will be available through 11:30 p.m. Eastern Time on Friday, November 2, 2012. The number for replay is (800) 585-8367 in the United States or (404) 537-3406 for international calls and the access code is 59811229. You may disconnect now. Thank you.

===== 2012 Q2  (2012-07-20 08:00:00) =====
Executives: Trey Clark - Vice President of Investor Relations Martin S. Craighead - Chief Executive Officer, President and Director Peter A. Ragauss - Chief Financial Officer and Senior Vice President
Analysts: Kurt Hallead - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division James C. West - Barclays Capital, Research Division William A. Herbert - Simmons & Company International, Research Division James D. Crandell - Dahlman Rose & Company, LLC, Research Division William Sanchez - Howard Weil Incorporated, Research Division Ole H. Slorer - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Michael W. Urban - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division John David Anderson - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division
Operator: Hello. My name is Dawn, and I'll be your conference facilitator. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Baker Hughes Second Quarter 2012 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] I will now turn the conference over to Mr. Trey Clark, Vice President of Investor Relations. Sir, you may proceed.
Trey Clark: Thank you, Dawn. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to the Baker Hughes Second Quarter 2012 Earnings Conference Call. Here with me today are Martin Craighead, President and CEO, and Peter Ragauss, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Today's presentation and the news release that was issued earlier today can be found on our website at www.bakerhughes.com. Additionally, reconciliation of operating profit and non-GAAP measures to GAAP results for historic periods can be found on our website in the Investor Relations section under Financial Information. Finally, I must caution you that any company outlooks discussed this morning or as of today are subject to various risk factors. We'll try to highlight these risk factors as we make these forward-looking statements. However, the format of the call prevents a more thorough discussion of these risk factors. For full discussion of these risk factors, please refer to Baker Hughes's SEC filings and, in particular, the forward-looking disclosure in this morning's news release. With that, I'll turn the call over to Martin. Martin?
Martin S. Craighead: Thanks, Trey, and welcome to your first quarterly call. Good morning, everyone. Baker Hughes delivered improved results in the second quarter. While there were a lot of headlines around prices for oil, natural gas and NGLs, rig count actually only moved about 1%. Perhaps the story that grabbed the most headlines was the price of guar. However, by executing with focus and discipline and leveraging our balanced portfolio of products and services, Baker Hughes delivered 2% sequential growth in operating income. The real story behind this success is the sense of urgency we applied to North America. Initiatives we implemented to improve our Pressure Pumping business are on schedule. Furthermore, our Drilling and Evaluation, Completion and Artificial Lift businesses posted outstanding results. Our International business delivered improved revenue and operating profit as well, driven primarily by outstanding performance in Europe and the Middle East. In a moment, I will share with you what we're doing to continue improving the quality of our earnings. But first, I'll turn the call over to Peter for more detail on the quarter. Peter?
Peter A. Ragauss: Thanks, Martin. Good morning. This morning, we reported net income for the second quarter of $439 million, which is $1 per share. Revenue for the second quarter was $5.33 billion, up 12% or $585 million from last year and down 0.5% or $29 million sequentially. Adjusted EBITDA for the second quarter was $1.02 billion, flat to last year and up 3% sequentially. To help in your understanding of this quarter's results, I'll bridge last quarter's EPS to this quarter. In Q1, we posted earnings of $0.86 per share. Subtract $0.07 for North America operations, primarily due to the seasonal reduction in Canadian activity. Add $0.04 for International operations as every International segment posted increased operating profit. Add $0.04 for Industrial Services as a result of the seasonal rebound in activities, particularly in our process and pipeline services business. Add $0.02 for lower corporate costs. Lastly, add $0.11 for the lower taxes as this quarter was favorably impacted by the reversal of certain tax reserves. That brings us back to the $1 dollar per share. Looking at the year-on-year bridge, starting with $0.77 in Q2 of last year, add back $0.16 for expenses related to Libya. This brings us to the adjusted $0.93 we discussed in the second quarter of last year. Subtract $0.13 for North America operations as a result of less favorable market conditions for our Pressure Pumping product line. Add $0.08 for International operations resulting from steady International growth, particularly in Europe and the Middle East. Subtract $0.03 for higher corporate costs, partially due to approximately $10 million quarterly of noncash amortization that we highlighted back in Q4 2011. Finally, add $0.15 for a lower overall tax rate primarily related to the reversal of certain tax reserves previously highlighted. That brings us back to the $1-per-share figure. And Table 4 of our earnings release will provide financial information excluding the impact of certain expenses in Libya in Q2 2011 as a result of civil unrest. From this point on in the conference call, any comments on revenue, operating profit and operating profit margin refer explicitly to Table 4. Moving to North America. Revenue was $2.7 billion, up $300 million or 13% compared to a year ago and down $191 million or 7% sequentially. Sequential decline in revenue resulted from the seasonal reduction in Canadian activity following the spring breakup. In the United States, our revenue was higher compared to the first quarter. North America operating margin was 13.4%, down 60 basis points compared to the previous quarter. Similar to revenue, the sequential decline in North American margin can be attributed to Canada, which was mostly offset by improved margins in the U.S. Let me summarize our performance in North America into 3 points. First, our self-help initiatives and actions to reduce costs offset the market volatility impact to our Pressure Pumping business. And this helped stabilize margins. The most well-publicized story of this volatility was guar beans. While our costs continued to increase for the most part, we were not able to pass them on to customers. Pressure Pumping pricing remained very competitive, especially in the gas basins and in the Eagle Ford. Pricing for other basins, such as the Permian, remained stable. Second, every other product line in U.S. line had very strong results during the quarter. We're very pleased with the performance of our drilling systems, completion systems and production product lines. The rapid shift from natural gas to oil is driving strong demand and improved pricing for our Artificial Lift and Chemical product lines. The third and final point is that our results from the seasonality of spring breakup in Canada were just as expected. Moving to International. Revenue was $2.3 billion, up $259 million or 12% compared to a year ago and up $122 million or 6% versus the prior quarter. International operating profit was $320 million, up $48 million year-on-year and up $25 million sequentially. International operating margin was 13.7%, up 60 basis points year-on-year and up 40 basis points sequentially. Both sequentially and year-on-year, each International segment delivered increased revenue and operating profit. In fact, we recorded the highest revenue in operating profit in Europe and the Middle East since the Baker Hughes geomarket reorganization in 2009. Our Europe, Africa, Russia Caspian segment delivered strong results for second conservative quarter. Operating margins exceeded our expectations, primarily due to Europe, where our Drilling Services, Wireline Services, Completion Systems and Artificial Lift product lines performed well across the region. In Africa, as expected, the favorable product mix during the first quarter did not repeat. In the Middle East, Asia Pacific region, we saw sequential margin improvement as well. Overall margin increased 75 basis points as strong Completions and Artificial Lift sales in Saudi Arabia were complemented by increased drilling activities throughout the region. In Iraq, revenue continued to grow rapidly as our business expands. Latin America also delivered improved results sequentially, with revenue increasing 5%, operating margin increasing 105 basis points. These results are largely attributed to higher activity cost per region, particularly in Mexico, Argentina and Venezuela. For our Industrial Services segment, revenue was $321 million, up 14% sequentially due to typical seasonality. Increased Pipeline Inspection and commissioning as well as polymers activity drove strong incrementals. As a result, operating profit was up $22 million or 100% sequentially, with operating margin of 13.7% for the quarter. Turning to the balance sheet. Overall, our balance sheet at the end of the quarter remained strong. Our total debt was $5 billion, up $514 million from the prior period. This increase was primarily to fund the U.S. working capital and capital expenditures. Our total debt-to-capital ratio was 23%. Capital expenditures for the quarter were $771 million. And at the end of the quarter, we had $792 million in cash. Now let me provide you with our guidance for the remainder of 2012, starting with rig count. For North America, we now expect the average annual rig count to grow about 3% year-over-year from an average of 2,296 rigs in 2011 to an average of 2,371 rigs in 2012. We expect to exit 2012 with 488 natural gas rigs in the U.S., which is a decline of 321 rigs compared to last year. For oil, we expect to exit 2012 with 1,430 rigs in the U.S., which is an increase of 300 rigs compared to last year. I will now give our third quarter outlook for North America. We expect continued activity and margin improvement in the Gulf of Mexico as the deepwater rig count continues to increase. In Canada, activity will rebound, but the current pace is disappointing. Revenue and margins are expected to be challenged as Pressure Pumping market conditions and cost issues experienced in the U.S. begin to impact that market. Similarly, we expect Pressure Pumping in the U.S. to continue facing weak market conditions. And we expect margins will be eroded during the quarter by higher guar bean costs as we consume inventory purchased at peak prices during the second quarter. While the outlook in North America is very difficult to predict in the current environment, we would like to share our view of margins for the third quarter. The seasonal increase in Canadian activity will be partially, if not entirely, offset by continued weak market conditions in Pressure Pumping and higher cost for guar beans. In summary, we expect North America margins to be flat to slightly up compared to the second quarter. For the International rig count, our forecast for 8% year-over-year growth has not changed. This excludes the impact of Iraq, which Baker Hughes began including in our rig count in June 2012. The most significant growth will remain in the Middle East, Latin America and Africa. Our International margins are expected to continue to increase this year with the Q4 exit rate higher than Q4 2011. Industrial services should see growth in Q3 but will likely decline in Q4 due to typical seasonality. We expect interest expense to be between $55 million and $60 million for Q3. Corporate costs are expected to be between $80 million and $85 million for Q3. Depreciation and amortization expense in Q3 is expected to be between $395 million and $405 million. Our expected tax rate for the full year continues to be between 33% and 34%, which means we expect a tax rate of about 36% in the second half. Lastly, capital expenditures for the year are still expected to be between $2.7 billion to $2.9 billion. At this point, I'll now turn the call back over to Martin.
Martin S. Craighead: Thanks, Peter. In North America, our management team has made good progress executing our Pressure Pumping improvement plan, while every other product line has delivered very strong results. We start by providing a brief update on the productivity, supply chain and technology elements of our Pressure Pumping plan. Starting with productivity. We continue to enhance the utilization of our workforce and at the same time, to improve the utilization of our fleet. We added additional 24-hour fleets in the second quarter. And in fact, right now, we have more 24-hour fleets than at any point in our history. One example of our efficiency improvement is stages per fleet per day, which increased 10% over the previous quarter. We also made progress in adding considerable infrastructure in the right basins in order to improve operational efficiency. And we finished relocating our fleets to the oily basins during the quarter. Shifting to supply chain. We continued to make good progress on freight and logistics as we work to optimize shipping lanes and rationalize carriers in the interest of leveraging volumes and better coordinating shipping schedules. We've also beefed up our procurement function and made careful and calculated decisions on commodity-based consumables, such as proppants and guar. As you know, the cost of guar has become a recent source of volatility for the service sector. While prices reached a peak of $12 per pound in the second quarter, in the past few weeks, they've come down to around $5 per pound. When you consider the market drivers for guar, there is a reason to believe the downward pricing trend will continue. And while that could be good news in the near term, guar is still a farmed product. And we cannot continue to subject our customers nor our income statement to this uncertainty. That brings us to the final part of our Pressure Pumping improvement plan, and that's the role of technology. Baker Hughes has a long history of delivering solutions through technology. As we highlighted last quarter, we continue to increase our technology spend in Pressure Pumping. To that end, we focused the experts in our fluids and chemicals labs to develop alternatives to guar. During the quarter, we accelerated the introduction of AquaPerm, a linear gel fracturing system that is proprietary to Baker Hughes. So far, our AquaPerm system has replaced approximately 5% of our guar volume in the second quarter, and there is the potential to double that in the second half of this year. In addition, we're also working on the next generation of cross-linked fluids to replace guar. Our operations, technology and supply chain teams remain laser-focused on the initiatives to improve our Pressure Pumping product line. As Peter highlighted, every other product line in U.S. land operations performed very well. And that serves as a firm reminder of the impact of our technological contributions. In Drilling Services, our position with rotary steerable systems continues to expand. Our AutoTrak Curve system was formally introduced a little over a year ago, and since then, it has been extremely well received in the market. AutoTrak Curve can do in one efficient pass what it takes other directional drilling systems 3 passes to accomplish. This drilling technology provides more wellbore exposure within the reservoir. We've already drilled over 1 million feet in just a year in the U.S. To put that into perspective, the previous generation of the AutoTrak system took 3 years to hit the 1 million-foot milestone. Our completion systems product line remains a core strength and continues to outpace the market. Products such as our FracPoint sliding-sleeve technology are gaining further traction as more and more customers improve efficiency by moving to all-sleeves completions rather than a hybrid completion with both sleeves and plugs. Furthermore, we're seeing more uptake of sliding-sleeve completions in oily plays such as the Permian and Niobrara. Elsewhere in North America, our Artificial Lift product line continues to deliver strong results. We're seeing new markets for electrical submersible pumps, or ESPs, in unconventionals. In the Mississippian play, we estimate that 60% of all oil wells needing Artificial Lift technology are having ESP systems installed. In fact, some operators are bringing new power lines into their fields to enable ESPs. Baker Hughes's ESPs allow customers to manage the initial startup and production profile of the well in order to minimize the damage to the fractures, thus maximizing their ultimate recovery. Moving to international markets. We continue to make steady progress in the Eastern hemisphere as we ramp up activity in support of new contracts. Our balanced approach to investing in infrastructure while managing costs contributed to the sequential and year-over-year margin improvement we highlighted previously. In the Middle East, we're experiencing solid growth, especially integrated operations. And we believe the IO market represents a significant opportunity for Baker Hughes. For example, our integrated operations in Iraq represent the largest and fastest startup in the history of our company. From 0 drilling rigs in March, we exited the second quarter operating 6 drilling rigs and expect that to grow to 9 drilling rigs by the end of this year. We've taken a disciplined approach, as we've highlighted in the past, to entering this challenging market, and we're pleased with our progress. Following this success, we've recently been awarded a long-term engineering, project management and integrated operations drilling contract by Saudi Aramco for turnkey delivery of over 75 wells in the Shaybah field. This project, along with additional awards in Iraq and in the Kuwait-Saudi neutral zone, are providing a solid foundation for growth in this region. I'm also pleased to report outstanding performance from our Europe, Africa, Russia, Caspian segment. And in Latin America, increased activity in Venezuela and the Andean region continues to benefit our production product lines. As we look to the rest of this year and into 2013, it's a story of 2 differing markets. Activity in international markets continues to expand, and pricing remains stable. We're focused on growing our integrated operations business while taking a responsible position on margin expectations for new contracts. We continue to optimize our supply chain strategic sourcing in order to position our manufacturing and supplier content in lower-cost locations. This, and continued focus on reliable and efficient performance, will pave the way for Baker Hughes to improve international margins. The North American market holds more uncertainty. Assuming natural gas futures fall back to $3 and WTI holds above $85 a barrel, overall U.S. activity at year end should look similar to what we're seeing today. As for our North America customers, we believe there is a heightened bias to maintain capital discipline. Nevertheless, in our current price environment, there has not been a wholesale change in activity levels across the wider customer base, and we don't anticipate one. Regardless, North American Pressure Pumping market continues to face overcapacity issues. In fact, we see signs that the pricing pressure experienced in the United States is creeping across the border into Canada. Until this environment improves and the supply and the demand curves balance, Baker Hughes will not be adding another horse to the herd. Today, the few remaining fleets to be delivered this year will not be going into service right away. Our focus will remain on executing our plans to continue improving Pressure Pumping margins and maximizing utilization of our existing fleet. We are bullish on our ability to harvest the value our other product lines can offer the market, and we will continue to invest in those businesses. In addition, we are particularly pleased with the outlook for Gulf of Mexico as our business has returned to pre-moratorium revenue and margin levels. We're also realizing price improvement as activity ramps up. Furthermore, we predict that the Gulf of Mexico activity will continue growing, and the active rig count at the end of this year is projected to include 29 active deepwater drilling rigs, up from 24 active today. Our strength in high-technology Completion and Production systems will provide additional growth as our customer shifts from exploration and appraisal to multi-well development campaigns in 2013. In closing, we remain focused on the quality of our earnings and the disciplined deployment of our capital. So with that, Trey, let's go ahead and open it up for some questions.
Trey Clark: Thank you, Martin. At this point, I'll ask the operator to open the lines for your questions. [Operator Instructions] Dawn, can we have the first question, please?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Kurt Hallead with RBC.
Kurt Hallead - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: I was curious -- well, first and foremost, I mean, the improvement sequentially in North America driven by everything outside of the frac business really underscores some pretty significant strength. You guys provided your outlook [indiscernible] and it seems like things are kind of flat to maybe slightly higher as you head out into the third quarter. Have we seen the worst of the frac pricing situation right now? What was the greatest intensity in the second quarter? Can you give some color on that so that we can kind of frame the second half of the year and how these other product lines are going to potentially offset what's happening in the frac business?
Martin S. Craighead: Yes, Kurt. You asked about a couple of things there. So you asked about pricing on the Pressure Pumping. So let me address it this way. We have some basins that are, let's say, the worst pricing, which would be your NGL-driven activity right now. But interestingly, I think as this quarter came to a close, it was becoming apparent that a lot of the capacity had moved out of the gas basins. As you heard us say on the call, we're pretty much there, if not all there, in terms of what we want to move. That's going to equalize the supply-demand situation. So we don't expect any more meaningful price deterioration in the basins that have given us problems in the past. Obviously, I think the old basins are pretty well balanced. You do have one basin that, like I say, is going through some rapid change, given the NGL situation. But other than that, I'm a little bit more optimistic now. I'm not saying pricing isn't going to continue to creep down overall, but it's definitely decelerated. And that's a positive. If you asked also about the pricing in our other product lines and the impact on that, it's really a technology type of driven event, Kurt. And you can go through all the different product lines. I don't want to do that right now. The guys can probably give you some color. But as I highlighted briefly, rotary steerables, particularly the Curve, some of the new technology on the Artificial Lift and, of course, FracPoint and all the derivatives of that are still driving some pretty impressive price gains, depending on the basin, depending on the customer and the application. So I don't know if that answers your question.
Kurt Hallead - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: No, I mean, it's helpful. It's just your commentary is being somewhat cautious on the progression on Canada, obviously, with some additional pressures on frac. I was really trying to kind of gauge your level of conviction in this 300 to 400 basis point of self-help improvement you guys had indicated over the last couple of quarters in North America. And I'm just trying to, for one thing, get your conviction on whether or not you'll be fully -- be able to fully recognize that 300 to 400 basis points as we get into the second half of the year.
Martin S. Craighead: Go ahead, Peter.
Peter A. Ragauss: Well, this is Peter. We don't have that much conviction since we've delivered most of that already. I think we came a little bit earlier. We had quite a few good, quick wins. Our utilization of our workforce is a lot higher than it was, say, even 2 quarters ago. We're running more 24-hour frac fleets. Our logistics and freight costs have come down sequentially, so we feel pretty -- in fact, we're there, pretty much, on meeting that self-help. It doesn't mean there isn't more that we've identified that can't benefit us in later quarters. Quite -- and a lot of that has to do with customer mix and utilization, which, I think, take a little bit longer to realize. But as far as the reduction in costs and getting more efficient, we have achieved quite a bit of it already.
Kurt Hallead - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And maybe if I can have one follow-up here on use of cash on a go-forward basis, how would you prioritize that?
Peter A. Ragauss: Initially, to pay down our commercial paper, which is about a little over $1 billion right now, so that's the obvious one. We've had quite a bit of increase in working capital in the first half of the year as we've taken on proppants, guar, et cetera. So we want to pay some of that working capital down. But we're still cash negative for the year, and I think what we want to do is continue to get ourselves in a cash positive position before we start worrying about increasing returns and that sort of thing.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of James West with Barclays Capital.
James C. West - Barclays Capital, Research Division: A quick question on the international side, Martin, particularly on Latin America. We've seen, obviously, some pretty big contracts go through in Brazil or at least are in the process of being finalized. There's been a lot of market share shifts, it looks like, in that market. And I recognize those won't go into effect until probably the end of this year or early 2013, but how is Baker Hughes set up for this change? Because if I am reading -- if my Portuguese is correct and I'm reading these contracts right, it looks like you have given up some market share. And I recognize that you guys are thinking about it as your market share, probably, as margin versus some that might think about it as revenue. But is there the potential that we might see Latin America going into the next year slip in terms of top-line-type growth? Or am I overstating kind of the changes in Brazil?
Martin S. Craighead: Well, James, there's a whole lot of rhetoric around that, so I want to limit my comments. But I'll put it this way. The contract you referred to, I know pretty well. I was fortunate enough to be involved in our drilling segment when that contract was awarded to us 5, 6, 7 years ago. I really can't remember now. And it's a meaningful piece of business for us. There's going to be a likely shift in share, but our presence there will still be significant. And I think that some of the rhetoric -- what's lost in all the rhetoric, I should say, is the fact that there's no guarantee of share. You have to earn the share. What the contract provides you is a opportunity. And performance is everything for Petrobras. It's everything, obviously, in those basins. So we're -- I've got to tell you, I haven't lost any sleep, and it's a bit of a nonevent in terms of the way the decisions were made. We felt comfortable with our pitch, given our time there, our cost structure, our infrastructure, our knowledge of the reservoir. So I think what you may want to take away, as you've seen in parts of Mexico, you saw it in Saudi Arabia 5 or 6 years ago, the only winner here, actually, might be the customer.
James C. West - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Right. Okay. And so -- and we could -- if I articulate kind of how you -- how that contract had worked out the last 5 or 6 years, your performance has been excellent, if I remember correctly?
Martin S. Craighead: Both operationally and financially. And by the way, we just received an extension well into next year. No changes in pricing and activity for us. So like I say, down there, you get what you deserve. And so we're not worried.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Bill Herbert with Simmons & Company.
William A. Herbert - Simmons & Company International, Research Division: Peter and Martin, I'm not sure if you provided us, and if you did, I didn't hear it, but any thoughts with regard to international margin possibilities for the third and fourth quarter, respectively? You did 13.7% in the second quarter, which was a bit better than a year ago and flat to up quarter-on-quarter. Should we expect more market improvement second half of this year with continued seasonal recovery in the third quarter? Or how should we think about it?
Peter A. Ragauss: Well, your bookends are this quarter at 13.7. And we did say we expect to have an exit rate higher than the exit rate last year, so somewhere above 15.5%. So we've got 200 basis points or so to achieve that, and it's probably a pretty steady grind up from here. And I think the operative word we've been using the last month is grind because it is a volume-driven phenomenon. We are seeing some pockets of price in smaller tenders only to be consumed by discounts on big tenders. But yes, we still feel pretty good about the rig count. We have high visibility on our current contracts, especially in the near term. So we see margins improving from here.
William A. Herbert - Simmons & Company International, Research Division: Okay. Good. And then secondly, with regard to North America and specifically Canada, I think you said in the press release that Canada unfolded as expected, which, given the 70% decline in activity, I mean, coming out of Q1, you expected a relatively benign result. Certainly a spring breakup with regard to eroding revenues and margins, but perhaps not as severe as historically you had expected, and given the severity of the rig count compression, and if, in fact, your results were more benign than historical precedent, what drove that delta? Or in fact, was the breakup kind of in line with what unfolded on the activity front, which would -- I mean, your revenues would have been down 15%? I mean, is that what unfolded? Or is it something...
Peter A. Ragauss: The breakup was in line with last year. There is nothing unusual about it, neither better nor worse in terms of our decline in operating profit coming out of Canada. It's pretty much flattish compared to last year.
Martin S. Craighead: What's different, Bill, is the way it's coming back.
William A. Herbert - Simmons & Company International, Research Division: It's soft?
Martin S. Craighead: Yes, it's very soft. I think, in fact, just looking at some of the numbers over the last few days, our guys, the rig count, where it sits this week, is 3- or 4-year low relative to this time year-on-year. And where gas prices are with the Pressure Pumping saturation up there, I wouldn't expect -- we're not expecting to be able to deliver out of that business unit like we have in the past sequentially, 2 to 3.
Peter A. Ragauss: And it'll still be up, Bill, but it probably won't be up as much as it was last year at this time.
William A. Herbert - Simmons & Company International, Research Division: No, I hear you. So I mean, historically you've done with your Pressure Pumping part of the mix now, you've had a 50% revenue decline, something close to that with regard to decrementals, and then 2/3 revenue recapture in the third quarter, and a 2/3 revenue recapture probably is a reach at this stage, correct?
Peter A. Ragauss: Yes, that's probably a reach. And don't forget, we've mentioned -- we think our traditional businesses will be affected a bit by the rig count. But you're starting to see Pressure Pumping pricing hitting Canada a little bit, and we are seeing guar cost increases in Canada. So you've got combination of the rig count affecting all the product lines, and you got the unique phenomenon of Pressure Pumping, which is under a little bit more pressure than the rest of our product line.
William A. Herbert - Simmons & Company International, Research Division: And I'll slip one more in here. Martin, have you thought about -- we're seeing a pretty significant production response on the natural gas front, and the storage data has much better behaved over the past several months. Have you thought about -- the entire industry, not only you, has sprinted away from natural gas. At some point, we're probably going to revert back to natural gas in some form or fashion. How do you think about that with regard to the logistics and the operational issues attendant to that switch back to gas?
Martin S. Craighead: Well, Bill, that's a great question, and we do think about it. But I've got to tell you, it's all hands on deck right now with -- so that would be -- it's going to be a good problem to have to address, and we will have to address it. What I would tell you is that the difference will be, at least for Baker Hughes, when we dislocated out of gas into oil, we went into -- we didn't have the facilities to move into. I want to say we went to a Walmart parking lot, but we had some difficult logistical issues to address. Given what's happened with gas in the previous 3 years, we were well under our way, as was BJ, in building pretty significant facilities. Now those facilities today sit underutilized in the big gas basins. So it would be a much easier, if you will, relocation back in than what we experienced moving into the oil, because we'll have the infrastructure. Now staffing may be a bit of an issue. We'll have to address that. But that should be the only, only item that would cause us any kind of pain, would be the people side. We have the infrastructure.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Jim Crandell.
James D. Crandell - Dahlman Rose & Company, LLC, Research Division: Martin, can you talk about where you see the best international prospects over the next 6 to 12 months?
Martin S. Craighead: Yes, I can, Jim. By far, it's Middle East, followed by Africa. And then I think you drop down to a Latin America, Europe type of story. And I think Asia Pacific, particularly, is going to continue to, to use Peter's term, grind it out. We just don't see the activity and, therefore, pricing coming back strongly there as we do in Africa and the Middle East into '13.
James D. Crandell - Dahlman Rose & Company, LLC, Research Division: Could you be a little bit more granular, Martin, and comment maybe a little bit by country, in which countries you see the strongest improvement in activity and, hopefully, Baker Hughes's revenue?
Martin S. Craighead: Yes. In the Middle East, of course, it'll be led this year by Saudi and Iraq into '13. And you could probably add on Kuwait as they move more into the horizontal markets. It's going to be fantastic for our business. And Oman should come back a little bit stronger than it was this year. And in terms of Africa, the strength later this year and into next year, I think, differentially will be Sierra Leone, Ivory Coast, of course, the deepwater plays in Mozambique and Tanzania and Nigeria. We could have a very positive surprise in Libya and Algeria. And I wouldn't say we're not banking on it. We are banking on it, but of course, it's got a higher beta right now.
James D. Crandell - Dahlman Rose & Company, LLC, Research Division: Okay. Could you also comment on what you're seeing right now in international wireline and LWD pricing and then, as a subset of that, what you're seeing in terms of LWD pricing on deepwater jobs?
Martin S. Craighead: LWD or wireline on deepwater?
James D. Crandell - Dahlman Rose & Company, LLC, Research Division: Well, maybe both.
Martin S. Craighead: Okay. LWD D&E, pricing internationally is very, very good, except for the big contracts. And on wireline, it's the same. Call-outs, smaller-term contracts in terms of money or volume or timeframe are getting better. It's the high-profile ones that pricing has been gutted on. Does that answer your question?
James D. Crandell - Dahlman Rose & Company, LLC, Research Division: That does. And one quick follow-up is what -- and really switching topics here, what quarter do you see guar becoming a tailwind instead of a headwind for Baker?
Martin S. Craighead: Yes. It's going to be the most costly, based on the inventory workout, in Q3. And then if you look at 3 to 4, you'll start to see a -- it will be favorable. And as both Peter and I said in our commentary, it should then pick up a little bit of steam quarter 1 and so forth and hopefully get us back to where it's a nonevent. But like I said, should it be an event, we're taking actions to try to minimize that through either better contracting or replacing it.
Peter A. Ragauss: Let me just add that Q2 to Q3 will be an increase in cost, just to be clear. Whether or not Q4 comes down to Q2 levels remains to be seen depending on how much we can contract at today's prices. So we're not expecting Q4 to be much below Q2 at this point.
James D. Crandell - Dahlman Rose & Company, LLC, Research Division: Okay. Peter, how does your -- what do you expect -- what are your last expectations now in terms of CapEx this year?
Peter A. Ragauss: We said 2.7 to 2.9. You'll see in the press release we've spent about 1.4 in the first half. And we're on pace for the midpoint of the 2.7 and 2.9.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Bill Sanchez with Howard Weil.
William Sanchez - Howard Weil Incorporated, Research Division: Peter, you mentioned the international rig count growth expectations still at 8% year-over-year, although you noted you had included Iraq in those numbers. And I guess that wasn't the case in the first quarter call since you guys picked it up in June of 2012. When you guys had lowered your rig count forecast internationally last time, you had still maintained a belief that your top line international revenue could grow double-digits. And I guess, Peter or Martin, is that still the expectation now as we look at 2012 versus 2011?
Peter A. Ragauss: Yes, let me just clarify. The 8% excludes any impact from Iraq. And we feel okay about that. We feel there's a bit of a ramp-up coming in the second half of the year. And of course, we'll obviously update that next quarter. Yes, we still feel okay about double-digit international revenue growth. As I said earlier, we have good visibility of our contracts, prices and so on, particularly in the near term. And we usually are very good at predicting our revenues internationally, and I don't feel that that's changed any -- that hasn't changed in the past 6 months.
William Sanchez - Howard Weil Incorporated, Research Division: Okay. And I would assume, given the international margin kind of exit commentary, Peter, fourth quarter '12 versus fourth quarter '11, we're still comfortable, if not conservative, in the thought process of 20% incremental margins, non-North America, year-over-year?
Peter A. Ragauss: Yes, I would say we're comfortable, and that does sound conservative.
William Sanchez - Howard Weil Incorporated, Research Division: Okay, okay. One last one for me, I guess, Martin. Can you talk about -- I know Canada was delved into in terms of the revenue deltas and what to expect here. I was wondering if you could talk a little bit about just the U.S. revenue trends as we move forward here on a flattish rig-count environment. If you think about some continued pricing degradation on the stim side, I guess if we assume that's about 40% of your North America revenue stream is stimulation right now, but you talked very optimistically, I guess, about your other product lines, non-stim-related. How do we think about top line growth in the U.S. here relative to rig count? And also, just what's still going on in terms of the tough Pressure Pumping market in general?
Martin S. Craighead: I don't want to share an absolute revenue projection for U.S. onshore. But I think there's a, like I said earlier, a real bias towards this absorption of technology into these basins. And we can't keep up with the demand on some of those products and services at this stage. Now there's obviously a limited amount of pricing of power, given the economics that the customer's experiencing and so forth, but we don't have -- I don't have any worries about where our products sit relative to our competitors. And our portfolio, especially around production Chemicals, Artificial Lift and Completions, I think, is about as oily as you're going to find. And we're seeing strong pull in all of those. And then the other element of North America that I don't think has come out yet on this Q&A still is around the Gulf of Mexico. And we've got a couple drivers there. Pricing is getting better. Utilization is getting better. And the mix of the well types is getting more favorable for us and certainly well into '13. So yes, flat rig count is not generally a good indicator for our business, because it -- and all it takes is an extra wireline truck or an extra motor somewhere to start to bring prices down. That's just the nature of this business. We're generally -- we don't like to see a balanced condition. But when you actually drilled a layer below that and say, "Well, what can the AutoTrak Curve do versus a regular MWD motor system?" that's a whole different conversation with the customer, and some of those products, like I say, are in pretty tight supply. So we feel pretty optimistic, granted, cautiously, because there's still a lot of uncertainty out there. But we feel pretty good about our pricing on our other products and services and our mix.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ole Slorer with Morgan Stanley.
Ole H. Slorer - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Martin, where do you think you stand at the moment or where do you feel you stand on the integration of BJ Services and its reorganizations, particularly within North America?
Martin S. Craighead: I think we stand very well. The integration was never in question. As we reported on previous calls, we delivered the economic synergies with regards to the cost removals early on, back in '11. And in terms of our cross-selling and working as a team, the blue wellbores, we call it, is stronger than ever in terms of leveraging both products and services. As you'll recall on the last call, the issues we had around the Pressure Pumping product line didn't have anything to do with its products, its services or its well side execution. It just had some tactical decisions that we made around where we were operating, contract position and so forth. And we've taken actions to resolve that. So the integration was, in all aspects, I believe, very good and pretty much essentially complete.
Ole H. Slorer - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: So with that, can you share anything about where, let's say, leading-edge pricing is in Pressure Pumping relative to your backlog and relative to whatever else you can squeeze out of your cost side and bring that in the context of the improvement in the other segments? I was just sort of trying to get a feel for the cross-currents that we have to think about going sequentially to the third and fourth quarter.
Martin S. Craighead: Well, what I'll say, Ole, is kind of what I said earlier. On the pricing front, it's kind of hitting -- it's sliding in on a -- it has further to probably go in some of the gas basins, but it's decelerating. And it's obvious, I think, where it's going to land as capacity is rolled out. Do we have some downside risk in some of the oily basins? Yes. And it's probably weakening in some. And then you have one basin that's NGL-driven where I'd characterize it as a knife fight right now in terms of pricing. But overall, I'm a little bit more optimistic about where this is going to land than I was 1 quarter or 2 ago, and perhaps part of that is just our greater understanding of the business as we've -- as our teams have gotten their hands around it. That doesn't -- as Peter highlighted, the improvement in utilization that we had in our prepared commentary but also the supply chain benefits will come more into Q4 and into next year. So that's about all I can say on it.
Ole H. Slorer - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: This knife fight or this covenant with respect to downside in certain oil, is that Pressure Pumping-centric? Or does it that also extend to rig count lift [ph]...
Martin S. Craighead: Only Pressure Pumping, Ole.
Ole H. Slorer - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Only Pressure Pumping. Everything else is holding together?
Martin S. Craighead: Yes, yes, correct.
Ole H. Slorer - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: With respect to the unconventional opportunity outside North America, where do you see the biggest opportunity for Baker Hughes?
Martin S. Craighead: Saudi north gas fields, China, and hopefully, Argentina. In that order.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mike Urban with Deutsche Bank.
Michael W. Urban - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Appreciate all the detail, and it also helped [ph] us work through North America. And so I think it was pretty clear on kind of what the averages should be for the second quarter. I just wanted to think about it on a leading-edge basis and see if I'm kind of understanding the different moving parts. So guar, obviously, on a leading-edge basis, down quite a bit. You've had some success on the cost side and the self-help initiatives. Your costs are down, and you've got a full quarter benefit of that kind of going forward in the second -- later in the second half and later this year. Utilization sounds like it's up. And as you talked about, price down but kind of decelerating. Does that -- can I take that to mean that at the leading edge, your pumping margins are bottoming here? And I know there's a lot of uncertainty going forward, but as it stands today, are we kind of seeing those bottom out, netting out all those different parts of the equation?
Peter A. Ragauss: Going into Q3, the answer is no because you talked about leading-edge, but we still have inventories of guar that are going to drive our guar costs up sequentially. And I think that's a big factor that's probably going to drive margins down into Q3. And then only when we start working through that inventory will we see some benefit. And I think all the other factors of self-help versus price and all that, they feel like they're possibly getting into balance.
Michael W. Urban - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Right. Okay. So yes, I was just trying to kind of mark everything to market. So if you took -- if you just were running through today's guar price and the current cost structure, current utilization.
Peter A. Ragauss: And I am referring to onshore U.S. Canada, it's just getting started, and pricing is more uncertain, almost, there, because we're starting to feel it. So...
Operator: And your final question comes from the line of David Anderson with JPMorgan.
John David Anderson - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Some more, I guess, in terms of a bigger-picture question for you. Just curious how your view on the Pressure Pumping business overall has changed over the last 12 months. Is this a business that you really want to grow? Or are you viewing it more defensively as a means to bring in other service and products?
Martin S. Craighead: No, no, we don't see it as a defensive business. It's a tremendous business, and it's so critical to being -- it's part of the fabric of who we are. It's a core business for us. I mean, if you define the company, I mean, we really revolve around Drilling, Completions and Pressure Pumping now. And all of those play so importantly to our customer. I mean, there's so much rhetoric, David, around unconventionals. I mean, you can't pick up a publication today, whether it's The Economist or The Journal or TIME Magazine or The New York Times, and they're not talking about the unconventionals. I think what's lost a bit is that the companies like ourselves and our bigger peers were the manufacturing companies of those unconventionals. I mean, we produce the wellbore. And you can't be in that business without having a leading organization like our Pressure Pumping business. And as we highlighted and shared with you guys as transparently as possible, we had some technical challenges -- I mean, tactical challenges, sorry. And I think some of you have met the new leadership team of that business. And they've delivered great results in a accelerated fashion, which is our -- the Baker Hughes way. And you couple that with things like AutoTrak Curve, FracPoint. And I go home at night, I can't think of a better business to be in, and Pressure Pumping is one of those.
John David Anderson - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay. In terms of your view on the rig count saying kind of U.S. market going to be basically flat in the rest of the year. We're not really seeing any more capacity being added. You said you're not adding more. It sounds like we're hearing that from everybody else. Is that enough to balance the market? Is a flat rig kind of enough to balance the market?
Martin S. Craighead: Yes, it is, David, because -- and in follow up to your earlier question, our drilling group, with the Curve, continues to drill longer and longer laterals faster. FracPoint guys and girls develop tools like FracPoint, DirectConnect and so forth, which give you greater and greater density for that lateral. And guess what that turns out? Just like you saw on our prepared remarks or heard in our prepared remarks, the number stages per day per fleet are going up. So a flat rig count, given that we're drilling longer laterals and more stages per lateral in addition to our customers down-spacing in some of these fields, yes, a flat rig count is fine.
John David Anderson - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Just one last quick question on...
Martin S. Craighead: With discipline on how much horsepower is added, of course. But hopefully, that will -- hopefully, everybody's kind of learned their lesson. This wasn't a -- this issue around Pressure Pumping wasn't a customer lack of demand. It was a supply-driven problem, and we're getting our hands around it.
John David Anderson - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Got it. And last quick question, on your rig count forecast, as you're looking out there, we're hearing some concerns out there in the Bakken about differentials are kind of blowing out there. I mean, I think they're kind of bouncing around quite a bit. I'm also curious about just kind of maybe NGLs versus Permian versus Bakken. How are you thinking about kind of just generally speaking about how those kind of play out here and how sensitive they are to commodity prices? What are your customers telling you now? Because I think that's a big concern everybody has out there, is there another shoe to drop?
Martin S. Craighead: Right. I think the shoe is dropping in South Texas, no doubt about it. And in terms of the Bakken and the Permian, I'm a little bit more concerned about the Bakken than I am the Permian, even though the Permian, I think, has a greater degree of NGLs. It's a -- that differential in the Bakken is -- I'd say that depending on the player and what his core property is, average of, say, a $15 differential. Probably as long as it's 85-plus in the Bakken, we're fine. I think if it gets close to 80, people start getting a bit nervous. And if it goes below 80, you could start to see -- for a sustained time, you could start to see some rigs coming off. But the whole NGL situation has unfolded so fast, David. I mean, it's down, what, some of it 40% year-on-year? And most of that is in the last 3 or 4 months. So I think we still don't know, to your question around the shoe dropping. But it's already dropped in South Texas. That's for sure.
Trey Clark: That concludes today's presentation, and thank you for your time today.
Operator: Thank you for participating in today's Baker Hughes Incorporated conference call. This call will be available for replay beginning at 9:30 a.m. Eastern Standard Time and will be available through 11:30 p.m. Eastern Time on Friday, August 3, 2012. The number for the replay is (855) 859-2056 in the United States or (404) 537-3406 for international calls. The access code is 59811229. You may now disconnect. Thank you.

===== 2012 Q1  (2012-04-24 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Adam B. Anderson - Vice President of Investor Relations Martin S. Craighead - Chief Executive Officer, President and Director Peter A. Ragauss - Chief Financial Officer and Senior Vice President
Analysts: William A. Herbert - Simmons & Company International, Research Division John David Anderson - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division James C. West - Barclays Capital, Research Division James D. Crandell - Dahlman Rose & Company, LLC, Research Division Ole H. Slorer - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Angeline M. Sedita - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Kurt Hallead - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division Joe Hill - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc., Research Division
Operator: My name is Stephanie, and I will be your conference facilitator. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Baker Hughes First Quarter 2012 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] I will now turn the conference over to Mr. Adam Anderson, Vice President of Investor Relations. Sir, you may proceed.
Adam B. Anderson: Thank you, Stephanie. Good morning, everyone. Welcome to the Baker Hughes First Quarter 2012 Earnings Conference Call. Here with me today are Martin Craighead, President and CEO; and Peter Ragauss, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Following management's comments, we will open the lines for your questions. Reconciliation of operating profits and non-GAAP measures to GAAP results for historic period can be found on our website at www.bakerhughes.com in the Investor Relations section under Financial Information. Finally, I must caution you that any company outlooks discussed this morning are subject to various risk factors. We'll try to highlight these risk factors as we make these forward-looking statements. However, the format of the call prevents a more thorough discussion of these risk factors. For a full discussion of these risk factors, please refer to our annual report 10-K, 10-Q, and in particular, the forward-looking disclosure in this morning's news release. With that, I'll conclude our discussion of the administrative detail and turn the call over to Martin Craighead. Martin?
Martin S. Craighead: Thank you, Adam, and good morning, everyone. I'd like to briefly highlight 3 key points that summarize the quarter. First, our performance in the international markets was strong when compared to the typical seasonality of Q1. This is in line with our margin improvement objectives.  Second, our North America margins were adversely impacted by 3 issues related to Pressure Pumping. The market shift from gas to oil, pricing decline, as capacity is essentially balanced with demand and the internal execution issues we've previously disclosed.  So that brings me to the final summary point. Our other product lines in North America performed well, especially in Drilling Services, Upstream Chemicals, Artificial Lift and Completions. I'll expand on both the Pressure Pumping execution recovery and the success of our other product lines after Peter details the financials. Peter?
Peter A. Ragauss: Thanks, Martin. Good morning. This morning, we reported net income for the first quarter of $379 million or $0.86 per share. Revenue for the first quarter was $5.36 billion, up 18% or $830 million from last year and down 0.5% or $32 million sequentially.  Adjusted EBITDA for the first quarter was $990 million, up 4% from last year and down 16% sequentially. To help in your understanding of the moving pieces, I'll bridge Q1 last year EPS to this quarter's EPS. EPS a year ago was $0.87 per share, add $0.10 for international oilfield operations, subtract $0.08 for North America oilfield operations. Add a $0.01 for lower income taxes and subtract $0.04 for higher corporate costs. That brings us to $0.86 per share.  Bridging the sequential quarters, GAAP EPS for last quarter was $0.72 per share, add $0.50 for the noncash impairment primarily related to trade names. This brings us to the adjusted $1.22 per share that we discussed in the fourth quarter.  In the current quarter, subtract $0.18 for North America oilfield operations, subtract $0.08 for international oilfield operations, subtract $0.02 for Industrial Services, subtract $0.04 for higher corporate costs, partially due to approximately $10 million of noncash amortization we highlighted last quarter, subtract $0.04 for a higher overall tax rate. That brings us to $0.86 per share.  During the quarter, we reclassified the financial results of our Reservoir Development Services Group, referred to as RDS, under oilfield operations in North America and international, rather than under our Industrial Services segment as in previous periods. We're making this reclassification because RDS supports our global oilfield operations, especially integrated operations. And this will enable more consistent reporting to better reflect their revenues and costs and geographic segments, where the work is performed.  In Table 4 of our earnings release, we provide restated financial information, including the impact of this reclassification on each region's results, as well as the impact of the $350 million before tax noncash impairment primarily related to trade names in the fourth quarter 2011.  At this point on in the conference call, any comments on revenue, operating profit and operating profit margin refer to Table 4. In March, we issued a news release that stated expected operating margin ranges for our North America and international segments.  While our North America margins were in the range provided, our international margins were modestly higher due to stronger-than-expected activity in Europe, Africa, Russia Caspian region.  Revenue in North America was $2.9 billion, up $505 million or 21% compared to a year ago and up $35 million or 1% sequentially. North America operating profit was $401 million, down $54 million year-over-year and down $120 million sequentially. North America operating margin was 14%, down 530 basis points from a year ago and down 450 basis points compared to the previous quarter, primarily driven by the issues in U.S. land Pressure Pumping, as Martin highlighted.  In Canada, our results were negatively impacted by an early spring breakup as well as lower-than-anticipated utilization of some Pressure Pumping fleets in the gas basins after a significant customer suspended drilling.  Our other product lines in North America had very strong operating results during the quarter, particularly in our Drilling Services, Upstream Chemicals, Completion Systems and Artificial Lift product lines.  Moving to international, revenue was $2.2 billion, up $291 million or 15% compared to a year ago and down $65 million or 3% versus the prior quarter. International operating profit was $295 million, up $66 million year-on-year and down $54 million sequentially. International operating margin was 13.3%, up 140 basis points year-over-year and down 200 basis points sequentially.  While a sequential reduction in international revenues and profits was anticipated during the quarter, our final results are better than expected due to strong activity in Africa and the Middle East, offset somewhat by project delays in Latin America. Operating margin detrimentals were impacted by revenue mix, as high margin, seasonal product sales did not repeat and weather slowed operations in Russia, and Asia-Pacific. We also had mobilization costs in Iraq. Our Industrial Services segment, which now includes only downstream chemicals and pipeline commissioning and inspection, revenue was $281 million, up 14% compared to last year and down 1% sequentially due to typical seasonality. Operating profit was $22 million, down 4% from last year and down 35% sequentially. Operating margin was 8%, down 150 basis points year-over-year and down 420 basis points sequentially.  Turning to the balance sheet. At quarter end, our total debt was $4.5 billion, up $450 million from the prior period. This increase was primarily to fund normal first quarter increases in cash taxes paid and employee bonuses, as well as increases in working capital. Our total debt-to-capital ratio is 22%.  Our capital expenditures were $671 million this quarter. At the end of the quarter, we had $780 million in cash. And finally, I will provide you with our outlook for Q2 and the remainder of 2012. We continue to expect the average annual rig count for North America to grow by 5% from an average of 2,296 rigs in 2011 to an average of 2,400 rigs in 2012. However, the mix of natural gas versus oil has changed dramatically. Compared to Q4 2011, we expect the U.S. natural gas rig count to exit 2012 with 534 rigs, decline of 275 rigs. We expect the U.S. oil rig count to exit the year with 1,444 rigs, an increase of 251 rigs.  We expect Q2 margins in North America to decline primarily due to seasonality in Canada and continued price deterioration in the Pressure Pumping product line. Our self-help initiatives in North America will be impactful, but will not start to be realized until Q3. However, pricing in the Pressure Pumping product line will continue to -- will likely continue to deteriorate through the course of the year, thus it is unclear how the overall North American margin progression will look going forward.  Internationally, the average rig count is now anticipated to grow 8% year-over-year, down from 11% in our last call. We now anticipate there will be on average 1,264 international rigs compared to 1,167 rigs in 2011. The most significant growth remains in the Middle East, Latin America and Africa. International revenue and margins in Q2 are expected to increase overall, but margins in the Europe, Africa, Russia Caspian region should drop due to product mix and favorable conditions in Q1 that won't repeat in Q2.  We continue to expect to exit Q4 2012 with international operating margins higher than Q4 2011. Industrial services will likely see seasonal growth in Q2 and throughout the remainder of the year.  So in summary, for Q2, margin improvements in our international and industrial segments will likely not offset the typical seasonal decline in Canada and further price deterioration in North America Pressure Pumping. We expect interest expense to be between $55 million and $60 million for Q2. Corporate costs are expected to be between $80 million and $85 million for Q2. Depreciation and amortization expense in Q2 is expected to be between $375 million and $385 million.  Capital expenditures for the year are now expected to be between $2.7 billion and $2.9 billion, primarily due to reduction in our Pressure Pumping capital spending. Our tax rate for the full year is expected to be between 33% and 34%.  I'll now turn the call back over to Martin.
Martin S. Craighead: Thanks, Peter. Our international business continues to grow, and I would categorize pricing overall as stable. Therefore, to further expand margins requires differentiating technology, a lean supply chain and a laser focus on satisfying our customers.  For example, this quarter, I'm particularly pleased with our Europe, Africa, Russia Caspian region. In Africa, we delivered excellent results during the quarter would strong performance in Nigeria, Mozambique and Angola, especially in Deepwater drilling, where we see continued expansion of our high-end directional drilling in LWD services.  In Russia, we've built upon our leading ESP technology, the reliant pump, and our strong local reputation to service well-management programs to secure a new ESP contract for 1,000 wells.  In the U.K. geomarket, our wireline product line leveraged a long history of execution with our high pressure, high-temperature technology posting record revenue in the quarter and also winning additional contracts to secure our market-leading share of this sector going forward. We're also pleased to report that our Norway geomarket has been awarded another major intelligent well system for a major customer in one of Norway's most prolific fields. This one-trip, four-zone, remotely operated hydraulic system replaces the need to intervene and stimulate with coiled tubing. Our intelligent well technology allows the customer to individually or collectively stimulate zones to enhance production.  While I'm talking about the Europe, Africa, Russia Caspian region, let me remind you that it has always been our intent to leverage our international geomarket structure to expand our Pressure Pumping business into international markets.  The most recent example of our ability to capture that upside is an award from Maersk to construct a new offshore stimulation vessel for the North Sea. This vessel, the Blue Orca, to be commissioned in the summer of 2013 will be the eighth stimulation vessel in our fleet and spec-ed to be one of the largest asset and profit-carrying vessels in the industry.  Moving to the Middle East, let me start with Iraq. Our integrated operations teams spud the first well for Eni during the quarter, and work has already begun on the first rig for LUKOIL. Saudi Arabia posted strong results on the delivery of some complex completion systems for the Hasba and Arabiyah projects. In support of those systems tested [ph] a high flow, high-pressure safety valve for a large bore natural gas well that set new technical limits for the parameters of safety valves and will enable safe production at a rate of 500 million cubic feet per day. Its differentiating technology offers the most advanced safety valve in the industry.  We also opened a world-class Research and Technology Center in Dhahran in order to collaborate with our customers in the academic community, to solve challenges unique to unconventional resources, such as tight gas, shale gas and heavy oil in the kingdom.  Switching to Latin America. The quarter was adversely impacted by the seasonality of product sales, as well as a delayed startup for new lab project to Mexico. But here again, our technology is a differentiator. For example, our Kymera hybrid bit had multiple successful runs in Brazil and Colombia resulting in substantially improved penetration rates up to 300% faster than typical offset wells.  So to summarize the international segment, our performance was encouraging. Yet, I believe that international margins for the service industry, still have significant room for improvement.  Our team is aggressively executing on our plans for further margin expansion. There are 2 crucial parts to that plan, one is doing a better job at managing costs, of course. The other is ensuring we obtain a price for our products and services that reflect the value we provide.  Moving to the Gulf of Mexico, the outlook for this business continues to improve. The number of Deepwater rigs under construction and the higher day rates they are commanding are encouraging signs because they are the leading indicators of activity for the service sector. Baker Hughes Gulf of Mexico revenue has risen for the past 5 quarters and is nearing pre-moratorium levels. And we're seeing improvement in pricing for our services as well.  Margins are also improving, but remained challenged due to higher operating costs, slow startup on new Deepwater rigs and the Deepwater shelf mix. As the industry moves to more development later this year and early '13, Baker Hughes will benefit through improved utilization of our market-leading Deepwater vessels and higher activity in our Completions business.  Now I'd like to talk a little bit about our North America Pressure Pumping business. Last month, we disclosed the expected impact that our Pressure Pumping business segment would have on our results. As we described, these challenges can be attributed to both changing market conditions and internal execution issues.  Let me address the execution issues head on. First, I've made changes in the leadership team for Pressure Pumping and assembled a seasoned team of executives with a proven track record of delivering results. These are leaders from within Baker Hughes and others we've recruited from the industry. And I'm confident that this team will deliver on expectations. The team is galvanized around executing a recovery plan that addresses supply chain improvement, fleet utilization, staffing and technology. Let me expand on the each of these elements.  First, the supply chain. We're making great strides in securing supplies of critical materials, such as sand and guar. Our challenge is delivering it to the job site in a commercially efficient manner. To that end, we've developed an integrated supply chain distribution network in which we can model the demand signals from across the various basins and line up that demand against our supply capabilities in order to optimize the network to minimize costs and meet our customers' demands. We also developed a new tracking system for rail shipments to better anticipate delivery times. Partnering with our trucking vendors to lower transportation costs and minimize demurrage. We're investing in new storage and off-loading facilities in critical oil basins. Improving this transportation network will lower costs. But this issue's not just about cost, rather these supply chains efficiencies will also improve the utilization of our fleets and enable a larger percentage to be placed on 24-hour operations. And to better support these fleets, we also opened 2 new repair and maintenance facilities in important basins during the quarter.  On staffing, we've already taken the difficult steps to rightsize our workforce. So that brings me to the final element of our Pressure Pumping plan, technology development. An efficient supply chain and a logistics network may be the single most important attribute in being a successful North American stimulation company these days. However, I do not believe that it alone is a sustainable differentiator. That's why, even in the face of these execution issues, we stepped up our investment in technology in this very important business segment. We're doing this because what differentiates us in the future cannot simply be our ability to deliver commodity-based consumables more efficiently than the competition. Rather, it must also be our ability to leverage existing technology and our reservoir characterization group, drilling and evaluation and completion of production business segments in order to more accurately target frac zones and reduce the portion of ineffective stimulation that takes place today. Innovative technology, coupled with the advancements we're making in the ways we deliver proppant or frac fluids are all examples of how we can better anticipate our customers' needs and differentiate ourselves in the industry. For example, the patented MultiSorb product line is a tremendously innovative combination of our leadership in oilfield chemistry with hydraulic fracturing. By combining flow release solid chemicals into the proppant stream, scale, salt and even paraffin inhibitors become an integrated part of the propped fracture. This new and unique approach is proving to be much better than conventional liquid injection and squeeze methods.  Staying with North America and shifting to the balance of our portfolio, I was pleased with the performance of our other product lines in the quarter, particularly on the technology front, as products, such as AutoTrak Curve, FracPoint, high-temperature ESPs and our production chemicals for heavy oil, are excelling in this liquids-driven market.  In fact, we believe the next important basin to benefit from this technological shift toward [ph] oil is the Permian, a world-class basin where new opportunities continue to evolve. Today, we see over 300 vertical rigs and only 100 horizontal rigs targeting oil in the Permian. We expect to see the same tidal wave shift to more horizontal and service-intensive activity as we've seen in other areas in the past.  The Permian is a market were Baker Hughes is particularly strong, especially our Pressure Pumping business. So, we're well positioned to benefit from this opportunity.  Overall, we're pleased with our revenue performance during the quarter, especially from our international business, where our maturing geomarket structure contributed to strong performance. Additionally, the majority of our product lines in North America also performed very well.  With that, Adam, let's open it up for some questions.
Adam B. Anderson: Thank you, Martin. At this point, I'll ask Stephanie to open the line for your questions. [Operator Instructions] Stephanie, can we have the first question, please?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Bill Herbert with Simmons & Company.
William A. Herbert - Simmons & Company International, Research Division: Peter and Martin, just a little bit of clarification here with regard to the magnitude of the North American margin compression in the second quarter. Two influences here. We've got breakup and you have an above-average presence in Canada, coupled with continued, I would imagine, margin headwinds in the U.S. onshore. If you take a -- if you presume that your Canadian revenues are going to suffer the typical seasonal contraction of about 50% and you apply a 50% detrimental on that, plus you make some assumption with regard to continued margin contraction on the U.S. revenue base, do you get to something, which is approaching, call it $180 million, $200 million in EBIT contraction quarter-on-quarter? Or is that too much?
Peter A. Ragauss: That sounds pretty high, Bill. We wouldn't be thinking that much. We're not going to give you specific guidance on North America margins in terms of basis points this time because we do have -- there is a lot of volatility. And I think the volatility's almost getting harder and harder to predict. So -- but that sounds too high.
William A. Herbert - Simmons & Company International, Research Division: Where do you think I'm harsh there? On the Canadian revenue contraction, the Canadian detrimentals or the U.S. margin contraction?
Peter A. Ragauss: Probably the U.S. margin contraction.
William A. Herbert - Simmons & Company International, Research Division: Okay. So you're probably not going to lose an additional couple of hundred basis points quarter-on-quarter is what you're saying? For U.S. onshore or U.S. in general?
Peter A. Ragauss: Well, I'm not going to -- again, I'm not going to give you a range. But you've been pushing us on the high side here. So I think it's...
William A. Herbert - Simmons & Company International, Research Division: Okay, fine. So it's not going to be that bad. That's good news. And then with regard to international, terrific showing in ECA in Q1. We're down quarter-on-quarter. Does the second quarter look more like Q4? Or how should we think about margins for ECA in the second quarter?
Martin S. Craighead: Yes, it's about right. I think it will -- we talked about them dropping back a little bit. And if they drop back a little bit, that's what they'll look like.
William A. Herbert - Simmons & Company International, Research Division: So is it unreasonable to assume that international margins, as a whole, on the second quarter are going to be up in the vicinity of 100 to 200 basis points?
Martin S. Craighead: Roughly, yes, somewhere in there.
William A. Herbert - Simmons & Company International, Research Division: Okay. That's all I have. And then, Mart, one last sort of broader question here for you, Martin. I think you've been very candid and very transparent with regard to the challenges you confront in North America. Good news to hear that you guys are -- have a decent amount of conviction with regard to rectifying some of these issues or a number of these issues by the second half of this year. Do you think that with the Canadian recovery in the third quarter and ongoing Gulf of Mexico improvement that we have a chance of North America margin stabilization in the second half of this year?
Martin S. Craighead: I'd say that's absolutely. And it's not just that component. As I highlighted in the comments, Bill, the Gulf of Mexico is coming back well. Now, it's not, obviously, as significant of a EPS contributor. But it's not been -- the contributor it's been in pre-moratorium. And it's now coming back strongly. So that, in addition, will help the second half of the year.
William A. Herbert - Simmons & Company International, Research Division: Okay. And would you expect, fingers crossed, that actual margins could be higher versus the second quarter?
Martin S. Craighead: Yes. And we don't depend on crossed fingers. I'd say that -- pretty good. I have high confidence in that.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of David Anderson with JPMorgan.
John David Anderson - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Let me ask you the margin question a little differently. On the U.S. land market, you clearly put facing 3 strong headwinds in between pricing, infrastructure issues and cost. I was wondering if you could just kind of help us, get a sense as to how all 3 of these contributed to your margin degradation from kind of the 22% number you posted in 3Q to the 14% this quarter? And then kind of more importantly, how do all 3 of those headwinds play out over the next 4 quarters? I recognize it's hard to kind of tell. But if you could just kind of help us understand how you're thinking about how all 3 of those issues kind of impact you over the next 4 quarters would be really helpful.
Martin S. Craighead: All right. Hey, David, let me see if I understand your question. So you want to -- in terms of the biggest contributors to the challenge before we talk about improving them, it would probably have been the utilization on 2 fronts: the personnel side and the personnel costs, which as I said, we took, I think pretty swift action and have addressed that. Then the utilization would be of the hardware, would be the second follow-up in terms of that margin compression as we have the dislocation. And I think we struggled maybe a bit more with moving the fleets not from a competency perspective as much as just didn't have the infrastructure in place to move them to places. And then following close on the heels of that would be the supply chain challenges in the myriad of issues there, whether it's trucking, whether it's access to material, modeling and so forth. So to flip it around now, talk about how this rolls out. And I'm glad you asked the question because this isn't only a 2012 story. I mean there's improvement to go beyond into '13, and we're already looking at what those actions are. We've made very good progress, as I said, on the people front. We've made, I think, excellent progress in the securing of the materials, whether it's sand. We have no concerns about access to guar, even though the price is terrific. But we won't be disrupting be operations. In terms of facility, as I've mentioned, 2 new facilities in key oil basins. So that the movements of the fleets are landing in places where the workforce is ready and the roofline is present. So -- and then, some of the other cost issues around transportation. David, before we began this quarter, after we realized the challenges we had in the fourth quarter. Before we, if you will, subordinated the Pressure Pumping supply chain into the broader Baker Hughes supply chain, and you're aware of all the upgrading we've done on the broader Baker Hughes supply chain. We had something like 72 trucking companies just in South Texas. So it's hard to optimize. It's hard to gain efficiency. Today, we have 12 trucking companies. So we have not only better pricing, we have much easier logistics to model and predict. So I would put them in that order that's it's the people issues. It's the movement of the fleets and the utilization of that. It's followed by the supply chain, which as we said earlier, in the last call, the majority of these, this pickup will be in the second half, but already, we're seeing where we get some incremental gains as well in the, well into '13.
John David Anderson - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: So it sounds like, Martin, that you feel like you've got a handle on kind of all these issues. And it sounds like they're all kind of bottoming here. Is that how I hear it from you?
Martin S. Craighead: Well, I think our issues are bottoming here. Now, I think, as Peter was answering Bill's question earlier, we do have -- while we may have a bias towards pricing improvement in the Eastern hemisphere or international. We certainly don't see that on this particular product line in North America. So how it plays off between, I would say, our self-help issues and -- I just don't want -- I'm just not going to try to predict what's going to happen with pricing in the Pressure Pumping business for the next 3 to 4 quarters.
John David Anderson - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Understood. Now, Peter just talked about your lowering CapEx in North America. So it sounds like you're not adding any more capacity. Here -- and a lot of other players are not adding anymore capacity either. Is your sense that capacity additions in North America are cresting like soon, like in the next month or 2? And if that's the case, then how are you kind of thinking about how the market comes back into balance? Do you have any sense as to when that happens?
Peter A. Ragauss: Yes, this is Peter. I think we've seen a lot of cuts in CapEx. And I think people have cut, and I know in our case, we're cutting as much as we can and still maintain our supply relationships. We still got some kit rolling off in Q2 and Q3 that was pre-committed, and that's about it. And I suspect many others are seeing the same sort of action. So we think it stabilizes pretty quickly from here.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of James West with Barclays Capital.
James C. West - Barclays Capital, Research Division: I want to flip over to the international side for a second, if I could. Peter, in your comments, you kind of reined in, I guess, your international rig count growth forecast for this year. It sounds like your competitors, at least, the last couple of calls and conversations, of course, that we've had with them, they've become more optimistic on the international side. And maybe I'm being too nuanced here. But has there been a -- I guess what's the driver of that kind of differentiation between you guys and your competition?
Peter A. Ragauss: Well, we expected a stronger pickup in Q1. And we just didn't get there. So to meet our original forecast is quite a stretch from now. So it's really -- we just didn't see it materialize in Q1. So we had to adjust it down by that difference.
James C. West - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Okay, so no change to the rest of the year?
Peter A. Ragauss: No, no. It's still up from here.
James C. West - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Okay, great. And then a quick question on Latin America. I know you had some startup or some delays there that impacted the margins. What would Latin American margins have been ex those issues? I guess I'm trying to get the what should Latin America look like going forward.
Peter A. Ragauss: Well, we gave you all the issues that drove it down 200 basis points. So ex those issues, it would have been up 200 basis points.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jim Crandell with Dahlman Rose.
James D. Crandell - Dahlman Rose & Company, LLC, Research Division: I want to return to Pressure Pumping here. Martin, when this -- when things began to deteriorate in the business, I recall you saying to me the fact that other competitors had long-term contracts, and you didn't meant little and that the customers would demand that they renegotiate or bring down their prices and they would be forced to. Do you still believe that to be the case?
Martin S. Craighead: Well, I would say that, I guess, I've altered my perspective a bit, Jim. I still believe, nevertheless, that whether you're in a spot business or in the long-term contract, the difference in pricing isn't going to be significant. But if you are a contract holder, you may get last right of refusal. But I -- so that should keep your activity and your utilization maybe a bit higher than the spot. But I would say this, I think there's too much tied to the pricing side of that in terms of, trust me, the renegotiations of contracts is pretty apparent in the market. But, like I say, you will get the last right of whether or not you want to be replaced. But to Peter's earlier point, the spot market may not be the best place to be right now. And I wouldn't necessarily try to defend that. But depending on the degree of discipline that's brought to the market on the capital side, I don't think we're looking too far away, hopefully, for rebalancing in that side of the market.
James D. Crandell - Dahlman Rose & Company, LLC, Research Division: So would your strategy, Martin, going forward to try to put more of your expiring contracts here on longer-term work?
Martin S. Craighead: Well [ph], if the pricing was what we felt like was accretive and -- we're not taking a long-term pessimistic view here on the North American Pressure Pumping business. So I think every contract and every customer has to be evaluated on its merits.
James D. Crandell - Dahlman Rose & Company, LLC, Research Division: And Martin, how did the -- how did the recent problems in Pressure Pumping affect your goal of being number 2 globally in that business? And you've also talked a little bit during the downturn, at least with me about maybe using this as an opportunity to buy an existing player. Does that make that strategy more likely or less likely, given the magnitude of the downturn here?
Martin S. Craighead: I don't -- it doesn't change our long-term goal of achieving that status in the business. And the Maersk award is a part of that. The second largest Pressure Pumping business in the world is Russia. And we're essentially not represented at all, so it's a huge opportunity for Baker Hughes. But on the other part of your question, in terms of consolidating the business, obviously, the BJ organization has quite a history of being able to do that, rolling up the business in the bottom of the cycles. It remains to be seen, as I just said, whether or not we're entering a protracted downturn here, it's not my feeling that, that's the case. I think we've got some pricing headwinds. I think discipline will come into the market. We still see intensity growing on some of the oil plays. So how sharp this downturn is to be -- still to be determined, Jim. And I don't want to minimize the issues we're facing in terms of stabilizing the business and standing it up properly and to go forward. So for us to digest another business, it's certainly not something we're spending much time talking about at this stage.
James D. Crandell - Dahlman Rose & Company, LLC, Research Division: And then one quick question, Martin, again, with Pressure Pumping. Was the entire PBT drop or virtually the entire PBT drop quarter-to-quarter in North America Pressure Pumping related?
Martin S. Craighead: I'd say it's predominantly. And if I could just add a little bit more detail to that. When we say Pressure Pumping, our -- it's really around the stimulation side of that. And the cementing business continues to be very, very strong as does the share position. So I don't want there to be any conclusions drawn as to what's broader than the frac-ing business right now.
James D. Crandell - Dahlman Rose & Company, LLC, Research Division: So the downturn quarter-to-quarter was predominantly frac-ing, but not entirely?
Martin S. Craighead: That's correct.
Peter A. Ragauss: And don't forget Canada was a little softer than we expected. We lost -- we had a customer shut down early, and we had an early spring breakup. So that affected the quarter, too. So, it wasn't all just Pressure Pumping. I mean it affected our entire Canadian business.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ole Slorer with Morgan Stanley.
Ole H. Slorer - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Just a couple of clarifications, Martin. When you say your company-specific issues in North America are bottoming right here, did you mean the second quarter here? Or did you mean that they bottomed in the first quarter?
Martin S. Craighead: Ole, could you say -- ask the question again. You broke up on me.
Ole H. Slorer - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Yes. You said that your company-specific challenges, they're bottoming right here. Did you mean right here as in the second quarter or right here as what we saw in the first quarter?
Martin S. Craighead: I would say we're pretty much this quarter bottoming, maybe a little hang over into -- maybe flat company issues into Q2. But then coming out, it might be a little bit better. But I think most of the -- the bottom is pretty much, we're in it right now.
Ole H. Slorer - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: So would it then be fair to say that looking at the U.S. market, the U.S. Pressure Pumping market, that the simulation market, that you'll still face a slight incremental challenge from pricing relative to what you can -- what improvements that you have put in place?
Martin S. Craighead: Well, that's -- you have to make an assumption on pricing for that, right?
Ole H. Slorer - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Well, I think some of your competitors have mentioned that pricing is down, rolling down about 10% at the moment. Is that something you would concur with or...
Martin S. Craighead: No, I wouldn't. I'd say it's deeper than that, Ole. But that said, our feeling right now is that from our own -- based on the actions we've laid out, we've got maybe 300 to 400 basis points of improvement in our side of the business. But how that manifests itself, again, given those pricing headwinds, remains to be seen. Does that answer your question?
Ole H. Slorer - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Yes, thank you. And on the capacity comments that you made, are you cutting back on the capacity -- did I understand it correctly that, at the moment, you have no new stimulation equipment for delivery in the fourth quarter of this year? That is all coming before that?
Martin S. Craighead: No, let me add some -- let me try to clarify that for you. We'll add about the same amount of capacity in Q2 as we did in Q1. Q3 will be about half of that amount. Q4, we're talking only Pressure Pumping, of course, right? On the stimulation side. So Q3 about half of what we've averaged in the first half of this year. And Q4, it's de minimis in terms of horse power.
Ole H. Slorer - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Okay. Okay then finally, just on international pricing. And I'm fully aware that pricing on high-profile contracts are competitive regardless of where you are in the cycle. But can you give us some color on any improvement or adverse behavior that you've seen in the marketplace over the past 3 to 6 months? Is there a better tone out there? And where is it a better tone, if so, most notably? And are there any places where you're still seeing that the business or behavior is going adversely?
Martin S. Craighead: It's tough to generalize, but your first part of the question is correct. Outside of the high profile, highly concentrated spends, you take those off the table. I think it's, without a doubt, there's a bias towards pricing improvement. Doesn't mean there's just not some surprises and disappointments out there. But I -- we get a general feeling from both the customer side, as well as just looking at how some of these smaller bids are opening that there's a bias towards improving margins. Ole, I think, the thing to keep in mind is, as Peter highlighted in one of, I think one of the earlier questions, forecast of 11%, 12%, 8%, whatever it might be on terms of the rig count in international, Q1 to Q1, 11% to 12%, we only had a 2%. This past 12 months has been really anemic in terms of the rig count improvement international. And I think revenues have held in there pretty well. If we see anything like a double-digit increase in activity, I don't think you can -- I just don't see how you could expect anything other than some pretty nice price improvement.
Ole H. Slorer - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Are you hiring internationally at the moment or you're keeping a flat headcount? And what would you say that your capacity utilization would be like, both with respect to people and respect to equipment?
Martin S. Craighead: People aren't as much of a problem as equipment. But again, it depends on where you are. In Iraq, we're hiring rapidly for the mobilization of, as I said, one rig started with Eni. The LUKOIL rig started this week. Another LUKOIL rig this Friday. So those are pretty stiff and steep ramp-ups. So a lot of hiring going on. I think in places like Asia, the headcounts are more flat. But again, on an equipment side, Latin America and Eastern hemisphere, particularly on the D&E side, Ole, it's pretty tight. I mean, you could almost say sold out.
Ole H. Slorer - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Sold out? Just finally on Iraq. I mean it's been disappointing in the way that the industry has kind of added capacity a little bit ahead of where the businesses materialized. And this translated into some pretty disappointing financial performances across the board pretty much by everybody. How would you characterize the situation in Iraq right now and the sensibility around how people are bidding?
Martin S. Craighead: We were one of the early critics of, I think, the strategies that were put in place there. And we make no apologize -- apologies for being a critic of it because it was -- it turned out not to be the opportunity that it could have been as a result. That all said, I recently was -- came back from there. And I can tell you the environment, I think, is optimistic. The customer in the 2 years since I was there last is far down the road of improving their own capabilities. It looks like a completely different landscape there than it was 2 years ago. We were slow on purpose, given the pricing that you referenced as being well below it should have been to pick up these big integrated projects. But the customer there wanted us in this business. We wanted to participate. I feel very good about the IO projects we have with Eni and LUKOIL in terms of, not only the financial opportunity, but just the risk profile. But more importantly, Ole, early on, we said that this was a production area. This was not going to be a big, big drilling business. We have leading wireline position. We have the leading ESP position. We have the leading Upstream Chemicals business. And those work at some pretty nice margins. Now, we've got these mobilizations going on. But our Iraq business, we feel very good about the way that the guys have executed it.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Angie Sedita with UBS.
Angeline M. Sedita - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: A follow-up on the international markets, Martin. Your peers obviously said they're seeing positive pricing sentiment. And you just mentioned that if we see double-digit growth in the rig count later this year that we certainly will start to see price as well. Do you believe that the pricing we will still be focused on small projects? Or could we see a change of behavior or even modest pricing upside on the larger projects, which has been obviously highly competitive?
Martin S. Craighead: Yes, they have been highly competitive, Angie. I hope that we'll see it on some of the bigger projects. And it's my sense that we will, simply because I think there's a high-level of frustration amongst the entire service industry. As I said in my comments, the importance -- the important role we play, in terms of making this all happen in the international arena for our customers to be successful and yet, our returns are -- have been lagging dramatically. So just my expectation that greater discipline will come to the big projects as well.
Angeline M. Sedita - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Okay. Hopefully, that bears out. And then, you obviously saw some very strong margins in ECA. And how much of that would be attributable to -- or Africa versus Russia and Europe? And then in Africa, were these competitively bid awards or were they direct awards?
Martin S. Craighead: Were they competitively bid...
Angeline M. Sedita - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Or direct award?
Martin S. Craighead: Both, but Africa was the leader there. And we see that continuing, maybe not to the same magnitude. But outside of North Africa, where there continues to be a bit of weakness in Algeria, Egypt's pretty good. Libya still not where we'd like it to be by any means. But the rest of Africa is executing very well. And our customers are having some, as you know, very nice success. So we see that continuing. And there's a real bias, as there always has been, to ever, greater levels of technology. And that plays well for us, whether it's on the D&E side or particularly the completion side. So I think, Africa, for the next couple of quarters, could be the earning engine, if you will, for that super region.
Peter A. Ragauss: And let me just add and give kudos to our African team. Two years ago, they were looking at the abyss. I mean they -- we were losing money, the market collapsed and now they've got world-class margins in that region this quarter. It's really quite a turnaround, quite a success story. And just shows you, first of all, we're in a volatile business. But second of all, we have the technology that drove us from there to here. And a lot of this is technology driven, and it's applied in Africa, which was a pretty volatile market. But it really posted an -- amazing numbers this quarter.
Angeline M. Sedita - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: I agree. Amazing numbers and amazing turnaround in Africa. But still saying that you expect a modest decline in Q2 margins and thus, the recovery in the second half of the year because of some special items in Q1. Fair?
Peter A. Ragauss: Yes, the usual. It's the usual sort of seasonal down from Q4 and EMP budgets usually don't really get into gear until Q2, Q3. So it's typical ramp-up.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Kurt Hallead with RBC Capital Markets.
Kurt Hallead - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: I just had a question here. You guys mentioned that on the international market, if I heard you correctly, that you say the -- it's tight, if not, sold out in terms of equipment, let's say. And I guess I'm still trying to kind of connect the dots and with that kind of capacity tightness, why it's such a struggle to get pricing improvement on the international market. If you have any -- got any perspectives you can offer us, that would be helpful.
Martin S. Craighead: We're scratching our head, too. But I think as Ole mentioned and you very well know too, Kurt, it's the high profile projects where it seems as though, for whatever reason, I think one of our competitors properly characterized it in their call, in terms of the concentration to spend, generally the bias towards the D&E. So you have this ever-increasing levels of technology. They're generally very long -- long term. A lot of -- sometimes, some costs in terms of infrastructure drives a certain behavior. That is what it is. But as I said earlier, there was a 2% increase. And I think this is lost in the conversation. Because when we look at commodity prices, and certainly, you guys have been talking a lot about this international margin issue given where commodity prices are. But if you really dig into the details and the facts, the rig count has not been there year-on-year. And if you were to just tell anybody that you got a 2% increase in activity from Q1 of '11 to Q1 of '12, I don't think, now looking back, we could have said there would have been much in the way of price, Kurt? But if we think it's up 10% in terms of activity from this period until next Q1, I think we all rightfully and will stand correctly to say that pricing will definitely pick up pace. How it actually comes to the bottom line, though, given the terms of these projects and the contracts, this is probably where you really want to be in the spot market, if you will.
Kurt Hallead - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And for Peter, I just wanted to make sure I heard you correctly. I know you gave kind of some overall international expectations for exit rates for 4Q '12. But did you say that the Europe, Russia, Africa business will be down sequentially in the second quarter? And if so, were you referencing both revenue and operating margin? If I didn't hear you correctly, please help me out.
Peter A. Ragauss: Really just operating margin down a bit.
Operator: Your next question comes from Joe Hill with Tudor Pickering.
Joe Hill - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc., Research Division: Martin, Schlumberger is trying to disintermediate fluid systems from pump trucks and stimulation. They've been pretty vocal about that. Do think they'll be successful with this approach or do think potentially that we could see the frac market fragment based on differing technologies?
Martin S. Craighead: I think, it depends where and for which customer. This is not necessarily anything new. It's -- separating the hoisting business, and the wireline side has been tried before by all of us. Because that's the capital intensive side of that business. And the, if you will, the value add is in the bottom whole [ph] of the electronics. That's never really been successful. Will it happen in this? It's a great way to mitigate the capital volatility. But I would also caution that depending on the customer, I think there'll be a concern about that joining up between the fluid side, the technology side and the execution of it. And you know that North American Pressure Pumping business, I think, is going to move up the value chain. It's going to become a more integrated part of drilling and completion and value creation for the customer. So I applaud the ingenuity. I think it's a good idea. Now, to what degree will it actually take hold? I don't know. But if it does, then that opportunity to lay off some of that capital risk and move -- more power to them. And they probably won't be alone in the approach.
Joe Hill - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then just switching to international real quickly. You guys lost about 5.5% of margins sequentially in Middle East Asia Pac. Some of that were startup costs in Iraq, I think. And that being the case, and I believe you said you drilled your first well for Eni this quarter or last quarter, rather, how much should we expect in terms of margin recovery from the absorption of those mob [ph] cost?
Peter A. Ragauss: We're pretty optimistic on -- first of all, we're optimistic on our international margins overall. And we said we should end the year higher than we ended the last year. And I think all the regions should do well from here equally, with the exception of EARC Europe, Africa, Russia Caspian, in the second quarter. So we would anticipate the mob [ph] cost there to dissipate pretty quickly. I mean, we've got a lot of revenue in the quarter, which was pretty much eaten up by mob [ph] cost. But we should start seeing a good pickup in Iraq in Q2 and really hit full stride in Q3.
Martin S. Craighead: Let me temper that a bit. I would say we'll be up to 5 or 6 rigs by the end of Q2, if not 7. And so while the revenue's going to be accelerating, so will some more mob [ph] costs, but I would say this, Joe, the guys have executed at exactly the budget. So it's -- as Peter said, I think Q3 is when you'd want to Iraq begin to hit full stride.
Adam B. Anderson: All right. Thanks, Joe. And that concludes our comments. Thank you for your time this morning.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes today's conference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2011 Q4  (2012-01-24 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Martin Craighead - Chief Executive Officer, President, Chief Operating Officer and Director Peter A. Ragauss - Chief Financial Officer and Senior Vice President Adam B. Anderson - Vice President of Investor Relations
Analysts: Joe Hill - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc., Research Division William A. Herbert - Simmons & Company International, Research Division Kurt Hallead - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division Ole H. Slorer - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Angeline M. Sedita - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division John David Anderson - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division James C. West - Barclays Capital, Research Division Waqar Syed - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division James D. Crandell - Dahlman Rose & Company, LLC, Research Division Scott Gruber - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division William Sanchez - Howard Weil Incorporated, Research Division Brad Handler - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division
Operator: My name is Regina, and I will be your conference facilitator. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Baker Hughes Fourth Quarter 2011 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] I would now turn the conference over to Mr. Adam Anderson, Vice President of Investor Relations. Sir, you may proceed.
Adam B. Anderson: Thank you, Regina. Good morning, everybody. Welcome to the Baker Hughes Fourth Quarter 2011 Earnings Conference Call. Here with me today are Martin Craighead, President and CEO; and Peter Ragauss, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Following management's comments, we will open the lines for your questions. Reconciliation of operating profits and non-GAAP measures to GAAP results for historic periods can be found on our website at www.bakerhughes.com in the Investor Relations section under Financial Information. Finally, I must caution you that any company outlooks discussed this morning are subject to various risk factors. We'll try to highlight these risk factors as we make these forward-looking statements. However, the format of the call prevents a more thorough discussion of these risk factors. For a full discussion of these risk factors, please refer to our annual report 10-K, 10-Q and, in particular, the forward-looking disclosure in this morning's news release. With that, I'll conclude our discussion of the administrative details and turn the call over to Peter Ragauss. Peter?
Martin Craighead: Thanks, Adam. Good morning. This morning, we reported adjusted net income for the fourth quarter of $534 million or $1.22 per share. This excludes the previously reported noncash impairment charge of $220 million after tax or $0.50 per share, primarily associated with our decision to minimize the use of the BJ Services tradename as part of our overall branding strategy for Baker Hughes. On a GAAP basis, net income to Baker Hughes for the fourth quarter was therefore $314 million or $0.72 per diluted share.  Revenue for the fourth quarter was $5.4 billion, up 22% or $964 million from last year and up 4% or $209 million sequentially. Adjusted EBITDA for the fourth quarter was $1.2 billion, up 25% from last year and up 3% sequentially.  For the year, adjusted net income was $1.84 billion or $4.20 per share. This excludes certain charges totaling $102 million after tax or $0.23 per share, which are not operational in nature and reconciled in detail in Table 1 of our earnings release. On a GAAP basis, net income to Baker Hughes for the year was therefore $1.74 billion or $3.97 per diluted share.  For the year, revenue was $19.8 billion, up 38% or $5.4 billion from the prior year. Adjusted EBITDA was $4.31 billion, up 64% or up $1.7 billion from the prior year. To help in your understanding on the moving pieces, I'll bridge Q4 last year EPS to this quarter's EPS.  GAAP EPS a year ago was $0.77 per share, add $0.07 for charges incurred last year related to the acquisition of BJ Services, subtract $0.01 for higher net interest expense and net income attributed to noncontrolling interests, add $0.04 for lower income taxes. Operations added $0.35. This results in $1.22 per share for adjusted net income for this quarter. Then subtract $0.50 for the noncash impairment primarily related to the decision to minimize the use of the BJ Services tradename. That brings us to $0.72 per share on a GAAP basis. Bridging the sequential quarters, GAAP EPS for last quarter was $1.61 per share. Add $0.06 for the early extinguishment of debt, subtract $0.49 for the noncash tax benefit from the reorganization of certain foreign subsidiaries; this brings us to the adjusted $1.18 per share that we discussed in the third quarter. In the current quarter, add $0.02 from lower corporate costs and add $0.02 per share from operations. This results in $1.22 per share for adjusted net income this quarter. Again, subtract $0.50 for the noncash impairment primarily related to the decision to minimize the use of the BJ Services tradename. That brings us to $0.72 per share on a GAAP basis.  In Table 5a of our earnings release, we provide financial information, excluding the $315 million pretax impact of the noncash impairment charge from each of the region's Q4 results provide more meaningful comparisons between quarters. At this point on, on the conference call, any comments on revenue, operating profit and operating profit margin refer explicitly to Table 5a.  Revenue in North America was $2.82 billion, up 28% compared to a year ago and up 4% sequentially. North America operating profit was $527 million, up $49 million year-over-year and down $80 million sequentially. North America operating margin was 19%, down 295 basis points from a year ago and down 367 basis points compared to the last quarter.  The average Q4 North America rig count was 2,481, up 96 rigs or 4% sequentially and up 389 rigs or 19% year-over-year. We continue to see a shift in rigs from gas to oil, with average gas rigs comprising only 42% of the total North America rig count for the fourth quarter 2011. This compares to 54% just a year ago.  Average gas rigs in the U.S. for Q4 2011 declined 20 rigs. Average oil rigs increased 87 rigs versus the prior quarter. Compared to Q4 2010, average gas rigs actually declined 78 rigs, while oil rigs increased 405 rigs. In the Gulf of Mexico, the rig count continues to increase but at a slow pace.  In U.S. land and Canada, we have seen deterioration in margins in Pressure Pumping due to issues related to the availability, cost and transportation of materials. Our inability to sufficiently utilize increased headcount and capacity to meet growing market demand also impacted margins this quarter.  Moving to the international side. Revenue was $2.25 billion, up 16% compared to a year ago and up 6% compared to the prior quarter. International operating profit was $350 million, up $175 million year-on-year and up $90 million from the prior quarter.  International operating margin was 16%, up 650 basis points year-over-year and up 333 basis points sequentially. The average international rig count was up 18 rigs or 2% sequentially and up 71 rigs or 6% year-over-year.  During the quarter, we saw a continued growth in all international regions. The supply chain stepped up and delivered seasonal product sales during the quarter as intended. And as expected, the transitory cost issues that we mentioned in the prior quarter in the Europe, Africa, Russia and Caspian region did not repeat this quarter.  For our Industrial Services and Other segment, revenue was $316 million, up 12% compared to last year and down 6% sequentially due to typical seasonality. Operating profit was $28 million, which is unchanged compared to a year ago and sequentially. Operating margin was 9%, down 110 basis points year-over-year and up 53 basis points sequentially.  Turning to the balance sheet. At quarter end, our total debt was $4.1 billion, up $169 million from the prior period. The total debt-to-capital ratio of 20% remained consistent with the prior quarter. The capital expenditures were $810 million this quarter, bringing the year-to-date total of $2.46 billion. At the end of the quarter, we had $1 billion in cash and short-term investments.  Finally, I will provide you with our outlook for 2012. We expect the average annual rig count for North America to grow by 5% from 2,293 in 2011, 2,409 in 2012. However, the exit rate for Q4 2012 is expected to be flat Q4 2011, with gas rigs expected to decline by 218 rigs and oil rigs expected to increase by 220 rigs.  In the near term, we expect Q1 margins in North America to partially recover from Q4 levels. The Q2 will be negatively impacted by the Canada breakout.  Internationally, the average rig count is anticipated to grow 11%, 1,167 rigs in 2011 to 1,295 rigs in 2012, led by Latin America and the Middle East. Our international margins are expected to improve further in 2012. As we've historically seen, our revenue and margins will be meaningfully lower in the first quarter due to weather, geographical mix changes, and seasonality and product sales.  For the year, Industrial and Other will see a continued growth. However, we will see typical seasonal decline in Q1. We expect interest expense to be between $230 million and $240 million for the full year, consistent with the Q4 run rate. Corporate costs will be between $315 million and $325 million, including $39 million for the year or $0.02 per quarter -- $0.02 per share per quarter, of noncash amortization related to the remaining balance of the BJ Services tradename and tangible asset. Therefore, Q1 corporate costs are expected to be $80 million and $85 million.  Depreciation and amortization expense is expected to be between $1.5 billion and $1.6 billion. Capital expenditures for the year expected to be about $3.1 billion to $3.4 billion, consistent again with the Q4 run rate. Our tax rate is expected to be between 34% and 35% for the year.  I'll now turn the call over to Martin.
Martin Craighead: Thanks, Peter. And good morning, everyone. Before I discuss the quarter, I'd like to take a minute and comment on the leadership transition here at Baker Hughes. After assuming the CEO role on January 1, I made the following changes to our executive management team. Derek Mathieson is now leading our Western Hemisphere operations; while Gacem Chariag continues leading our Eastern Hemisphere operations. Art Soucy is leading our Global Products and Services function; and Andy O'Donnell reports to me in an executive advisory role. These names should be familiar to you as these changes are evolutionary in nature and in keeping with our long-range succession plan.  As all of you know, Chad Deaton remains Executive Chairman of the Board of Baker Hughes, and I wanted to credit him and our board for executing what has been smooth transition. Chad has a long legacy of driving transformational change, and I'm committed to building on his progress.  Now to performance. The fourth quarter results were mixed. Our international operations performed well on all fronts. This activity was up, X was favorable and our delivery execution was strong. As we told you last quarter, making those deliveries and getting our products and services into customers' hands was critical. And as expected, our employees stepped up and met those challenges. As a result, our international business margins were up 650 basis points year-over-year.  In North America, our results were disappointing as very strong performance in drilling systems, completions and artificial lift were more than offset by Pressure Pumping, where we've experienced a variety of cost and efficiency challenges associated with ramping demand. These cost challenges come in 3 categories. First, we experienced inefficiencies associated with our freight, fuel and other logistical operations. Second, there are significant shortages of specific sizes and qualities of proppant, gel and other materials. These shortages shifted the supply and demand curves; and as a result, our product costs escalated. In addition, these shortages adversely impacted operational efficiency. Third, we incurred incremental costs associated with adding new crews in the fourth quarter in anticipation of growth in 2012.  To clearly understand these issues and while we expect this to take some time, we are taking the necessary steps to fix these problems. We are currently investing in our existing fleets to make them more efficient. We will also invest in the facilities necessary to more effectively support our fleet, store sand and other consumables, as well as provide more flexibility for rail shipments.  Example, we plan to open 7 new major facilities in 2012 within North America land operations, each located in key, unconventional basins. In addition, we will accelerate our investment in the pressure pumping supply chain, drive efficiencies, improve logistics and at the same time, lower the high cost of freight and other items associated with improving the infrastructure.  The underlying business in North America is very strong. Geology in the shale plays is obvious. And for that reason, we intend to continue growing Pressure Pumping capacity this year. Increasing demand for high-quality and predictable operations and leading-edge reservoir characterization and completions technologies aligns very well with the capabilities of Baker Hughes. As such, we have every reason to be bullish on the long-term prospects of this market.  Our customers have reported that they will increase capital spending this year. However, experience tells us that customers' spending patterns in North America onshore can change quickly. We're prepared to balance our investments accordingly.  Today in North America, there are 964 rigs drilling for natural gas, and natural gas prices have reached a 10-year low. Not surprisingly, the onshore natural gas rig count is dropping and it's our expectation that it will continue to drop until there is a meaningful increase in gas prices. And currently, the oil rig count is higher than it has been in over 20 years. And assuming oil prices remain steady, we see the increase in oil rigs offsetting the loss in gas rigs.  As we've highlighted before, the Baker Hughes portfolio is well positioned for this increasing and sustained emphasis on oil. In fact, 80% of our Pressure Pumping product line is oriented towards oil-related completions. Production chemicals, completions and artificial lift continue to be market leaders in oily basins. To further our competitive leadership in artificial lift, we're expanding our investment in ESP research and development with a new facility in Claremore, Oklahoma.  In Canada, our production-oriented businesses recorded improved results both sequentially and year-over-year. Warmer-than-usual winters had minimal impact on activities so far. We forecast Canada to average 569 rigs in the first quarter, the second highest count in 35 years. But as highlighted in last quarter's call, labor shortages are limiting growth.  Compared to Q4 2010, rig count was up 15% and footage drill was up 17%. However, well count was down 11%, further evidence that the Canadian drilling and completions market is growing in complexity. On a recent well for a major Canadian operator, we combined our Reservoir Navigation Services with our AziTrak resistivity tool and AutoTrak rotary steerable system to drill a complex horizontal wells staying within 1.5 meters of the reservoir ceiling, as well as delivering the well days ahead of original schedule. All of the navigation and support services were provided via a remote realtime BEACON support center in Calgary.  In the Deepwater Gulf of Mexico, our customers are seeing improvement in the permitting process, which is good news for the industry. And we expect to capitalize on this increase in activity over the next several quarters. As we told you in previous calls, the rig mix remained less than optimum and utilization rates are not yet where we'd like to see them. Nevertheless, we continue to see improvement, and demand for our services is picking up. Additionally, pricing environment in the Gulf of Mexico was improving, and we expect that to continue through 2012. Today, Deepwater rig levels are roughly 2/3 of pre-moratorium activity, and we expect them to be back to pre-moratorium levels by early Q1 2013.  Winning in the Gulf of Mexico will require differentiating execution. Over the past couple of calls, we've told you about incremental costs associated with preparing our company for the post-moratorium regulatory requirements. We've upgraded our competency assurance program and our material traceability capability, and we've invested in information technology to facilitate and enable critical data management functionality.  And last week, we announced that Baker Hughes is the first integrated service company to receive full accreditation in the International Association of Drilling Contractors for our efforts around competency management. And we continue to differentiate with technology. During the quarter, Baker Hughes completed the installation of the world's first deepwater, fixed-fiber integration into the sand face completion. This technology enables better management of the reservoir to extend the life of the producing wells where reservoir compaction is a concern. Also, after extensive joint research with a super major, we provided an innovative subsea separation and boosting system for the world's deepest water subsea well to extract oil using 5-specially designed Centrilift XP enhanced run life ESPs embedded on the seafloor.  Now moving over to Latin America. We had a good quarter overall with strong growth driven primarily by Brazil and the Andean region. Our outlook for the region this year remains positive. We forecast the rig count to climb above 13% to 481 rigs. We also anticipate that Mexico will modestly improve in 2012, as both the offshore markets and the lab projects continue to grow. We are the preferred provider of artificial lift systems throughout the region, and this is led to significant contract extensions this quarter in Brazil, Chile, Argentina, Ecuador and Colombia.  Drilling technology is differentiating us as well. We are in the process of drilling the first horizontal well in the pre-salt for Petrobras. This particular horizontal well has a 1,347-meter horizontal section, and the drilling and directional performance are currently exceeding expectations.  Moving to the Middle East and Asia Pacific region. Our geomarket structure is maturing and our customer intimacy strategies are paying dividends as we delivered strong results in every geomarket.  Looking forward, we see modest growth in these regions as the average rig count climbs over 9% this year. Much of this growth will come from Saudi, not only in Manifa, but also in other oil basins and natural gas fields throughout the kingdom.  In Iraq, Baker Hughes is in the process of finalizing an award from Eni to the Zubair field to manage a total of 4 rigs and drill 60 wells. Equally pleased with our steady growth in Asia Pacific and encouraged by the 7 new deepwater rigs that are entering the market in 2012. Baker Hughes has a strong success rate on new deepwater projects in the region, and we anticipate that, that success will continue.  In Malaysia, we completed the first Baker Hughes integrated operations project for 2 wells in an undeveloped field. This award was based on our capability to rapidly mobilize our crews and equipment. In China, we completed the first shale-oil horizontal well utilizing a bundled Baker Hughes product offering that included drill bits, rotary steerable systems and completion tools.  Moving to the Europe, Africa, Russia, Caspian region. We reported last quarter that results were negatively impacted by a combination of high repair and maintenance costs, an increase in labor costs and an unfavorable mix. We're pleased to report that we've made good progress on resolving our R&M challenges as our mix improved based on strong seasonal product sales that fueled reasonable revenue growth with strong incrementals.  In Norway, our technology continues to differentiate as we successfully used the Kymera hybrid drill bit technology in combination with our AutoTrak rotary steerable system to drill further and faster than conventional bit technology. As a result, we saved nearly 2 days of drilling time on a single well.  During the quarter, we also -- we were also awarded a major coiled tubing and stimulation contract for a significant program in the North Sea. And in Africa, we also had a strong quarter, primarily driven by Nigeria, Ghana, Equatorial Guinea and exploration activity in Mozambique. Additionally, we were awarded a multiservice contract for 2 pre-salt offshore rigs in Angola.  So in closing, let me summarize some key points about our results. First, we incurred increased costs and logistical challenges related to pressure pumping. We're taking actions to resolve these issues now.  Second, excluding Pressure Pumping, our D&E and C&P segments in North America delivered strong revenue growth and incremental margins. We continue to build on this growth and expand our multiproduct line offering with our customers. And as a result, we expect our revenue in North America to increase faster than the rig count. This, combined with the continued shift to oil directed drilling, gives us every reason to be bullish on the long-term prospects throughout North America.  Third, our international business performed extremely well with exit margins of 16%. We're encouraged by our strong results in Latin America, Europe and Asia Pacific, as well as new opportunities in the Middle East and deepwater markets.  And finally, Baker Hughes has a talented group of employees who are constantly focused on innovating and finding solutions. Going forward, we will continue to build a sense of urgency in our efforts to deliver reliable products and services, and we believe this is important as the market will reward differential reliability. Baker Hughes has proven that we can respond to changing market conditions, and it is my expectation that we will be the service company that best understands and anticipates our customers' needs.  With that, Adam, let's open it up for some questions.
Adam B. Anderson: Thank you, Martin. At this point, I'll ask Regina to open the lines for your questions. To give everyone a fair chance to ask a question, we ask that you limit yourself to a single question and one related follow-up question. Regina, may we have the first question, please?
Operator: The first question comes from the line of David Anderson with JPMorgan.
John David Anderson - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: I just want to delve into a little bit more on the supply chain issues that you're facing in North America and how you're seeking to resolve it. Is there a particular region where this is most acute? And I guess, I'm just wondering, how much of a function of supply agreements was sand mines, or is it railcar capacity? Can you just kind of dig into a little bit more? And I guess I'm just trying to understand, are you sourcing all of the materials for U.S. operations, or is it just some of them? I'm just trying to get more color on what the issues are here.
Martin Craighead: Okay. I would say that the issues are not the sand mines, per se. For us, primarily, the issue is related to getting it from our storage centers to, let's say, the first drop-off point to the respective customer locations. This is a combination of railcars as well as trucking fleets. But the other issue around the supply chain is the infrastructure as well as processes and capabilities. And if I had to look at -- and if I could, let's say, put it this way, the margin compression, you could put it into 2 buckets. One is the supply chain. And whether it's processes, a little bit of infrastructure and capabilities, that's a longer-term issue to resolve. The other element of this, though, is as Peter highlighted, some inflationary cost pressures on the materials, profit not being the only one, fuel being one. And I expect that really from that, we'll see sooner, first half of the year.
John David Anderson - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: On a related topic, one of your main competitors yesterday was talking about their problems with margins had to do with a lot of the customers moving out of gas basins and shifting to oil plays. I guess it's related also to your supply chain different basins. But you didn't talk about this as a reason for some of your weaker margins today in today's call. Is this something we should think is going to start coming into your numbers over the next quarter or 2 and could lean on margin? I guess what I'm trying to understand, if pricing is stable, but it seems like there's going to be a dislocation on this market, how are you kind of thinking about how everything shifting here and how do you stay in front of this?
Martin Craighead: Well, actually, Dave, we -- on the last call, we actually highlighted the fact that there's cost associated with moving, and I think we used the example out of the Haynesville at the time. So it's no surprise, but frankly speaking, the other elements of our story are a little bit bigger than the cost associated with demobilizing or repositioning some of these fleets. So, yes, we experienced that, it's an element in there. As I said, for us, particularly, we had what I would consider to be unusual challenges relative to the market associated with handling this ramping demand and some of the inefficiencies associated with that.
John David Anderson - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: So and just lastly, so it sounds like margins are going to kind of see a little bit of a slide over first quarter and second quarter, but you're expecting it to start recovering in the second half of the year. Did I hear you correctly?
Martin Craighead: Well, actually, I think I said in my prepared remarks, Dave, that we expect a partial recovery in Q1 in North America. And that's -- we think some of the costs, some of the transitory costs in pressure pumping won't repeat in Q1. And we have also got Canada. And don't forget about Canada, gets very strong in Q1, and that's going to help overall North American margin picture.
John David Anderson - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: And you'd expect the second half of the year to start seeing improvements on that side?
Martin Craighead: On the supply chain, yes, Dave.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of James West with Barclays Capital.
James C. West - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Just to follow up a little bit on Dave's question. For the second half of '12, I know, Martin, you're pretty confident that your margins will come back. Do they come back to a level that you saw in 3Q of '11 as we think about kind of 3- and 4Q '12? Or are there some other issues that will linger, and that maybe the more normalized margin is a little bit lower than what you just saw last quarter?
Martin Craighead: James, I would -- I think it's reasonable to expect that we could return to Q3 levels based on the resolving the issues, which we're fully confident that we will. Obviously, market conditions have to remain constant. I think it's reasonable to assume that market is staying where it is, that we will get back to those -- most of those numbers, absolutely.
James C. West - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Okay, fair enough. And then how are you thinking about Pressure Pumping capacity additions in 2012 versus the additions you made in 2011? Are you thinking higher, the same, lower? And then a related question is what kind of contract coverage do you currently have on your pressure pumping fleet in North America?
Martin Craighead: Yes, James, you have to remember for us, we had a slow start to '11 in adding pressure pumping capacity. And I would say that on a year-on-year basis, it will be up in terms of horsepower, but we will be consistent with the run rate in the final -- this final quarter of last year, Q4. And then the second part to your question, I'm sorry, was regarding...
James C. West - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Contract coverage. I know, historically, you've had lower coverage on your pressure pumping fleet but it seems like your bigger competitors have added a lot of coverage to their pressure pumping assets over the last few months. I wanted to know if you had changed it on the same thing.
Martin Craighead: Yes, ours has -- it's increased, well, probably up to a little over 60% of what I consider to be contract or pricing agreements. With that all said, I think as you've also heard, there are still pockets of improving spot pricing and you'll see that changing in some of the oil basins. So we're happy with our portfolio. Obviously, it's not something that you can't change. But our strategy right now is to have the mix that we have around -- like I say, around 60% to 65%. The other comment I want to make since you asked about the capacity that's coming on line, all of the fleets that we have dedicated for U.S. land are spoken for in terms of the basin and the customer at this point.
James C. West - Barclays Capital, Research Division: For all of 2012?
Martin Craighead: All of 2012. That's correct.
James C. West - Barclays Capital, Research Division: And your run rate in Q4 was a spread every 6 weeks or am I off on that?
Martin Craighead: Yes, it's probably -- I'd have to go back and run that, but I think we've tightened it up to probably about every 4 weeks.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jim Crandell with Dahlman Rose.
James D. Crandell - Dahlman Rose & Company, LLC, Research Division: Martin, can you talk a little bit more about the -- or I want to ask about the pressure pumping issues that took place. What part of the shortfall do you think was preventable, that you should have reacted quicker, whether it was lining up your proppants, gels, guar earlier? Or did you know you had these issues when you acquired BJ and there was not much that you could have done?
Martin Craighead: I think we should have done it all better, frankly. The reality is that, Jim, one way to look at this is as the business has ramped, I think it's safe to say that the efficiency grew along with it given the strain on the supply chain and the systems that we had in place. Now there's 3 areas around efficiency, I think; there's people, there's assets and there's products. The ability to get the people on board really improved in the second half. Our ability to manage the assets in terms of R&M and getting them at the right place has been a challenge. As I just mentioned to James and as you all know, we were a little bit later to the supply addition or horsepower addition than we would have liked. And then there's the key is getting those products, particularly to consumables, to the right place and the right time. And frankly, BJ just wasn't set up to scale up relative to what's happened in the market. It's that simple. And it's, like I say, though, the issues are identified, we have resources dedicated to them. We have absolutely no doubt we'll get these issues fixed. As you know, we've done it on other tasks that we've had, and most recently, the international project issues that we took on. So this is -- we've been here before and we'll get through it.
James D. Crandell - Dahlman Rose & Company, LLC, Research Division: Okay. Now you indicated that you're addressing your freight and fuel logistics and that you can solve these over time. Can you, given the situation, or maybe you could address again the issue of proppants, gels, guars, shortages out there, your supplier relationships that you have? Are you at a disadvantage to your major competitors and can that be fixed as you go here in the next 6 to 12 months?
Martin Craighead: That's a good question, and it's been an element of, let's say, the investigative process in Q4 as these results unfolded. I tell you, I'm really encouraged with just the change in our relationships status from where we were, in a different world, single vendors to multiple vendors now on multiple of those consumable fronts. As well as engaging in the discussions that, frankly, weren't taking place like they needed to in terms of having our suppliers respond and facilitate some of the logistical challenges that we've had. Now those discussions just weren't -- because we were probably a little late to getting horsepower into the market for a variety of reasons, I don't think we were having the conversations that we needed to have relative to where the market is going. So those type of things, our supply chain, a challenge, but I'm very encouraged so far with the progress we've made. And so I don't think that's going to be a big disadvantage. The disadvantage, relatively speaking, will be in our own capabilities of moving the stuff around and getting it where it needed to be and making sure that we don't a lot of the emerged costs that we've incurred as a result of making some of the mistakes.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Angie Sedita with UBS.
Angeline M. Sedita - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Martin, you guys did a very nice job of hitting your target on international margins here in 2011. Can you give us some thoughts looking forward into 2012 as far as the pace of margins? And any color on the potential exit rate for the year?
Martin Craighead: I would expect that our exit rate will be better than it is -- than what it was in Q4, Angie. I'm encouraged by a couple of fronts internationally. One is our execution mechanisms. I mean, we hit all cylinders. It wasn't only supply chain, it was the service side, it was across all the regions and virtually all the geomarkets. I would say that our international business is on very firm footing right now. So I'm very, very confident in our execution ability. Market is still a bit of a struggle. That all said, I would think that if you take an average of the environment in '12 relative to '11, I think it's going to be discernibly different. We're getting more pockets of tightness. I believe that the behaviors out there and the competitive environment will be better, I generally believe that. We had some big tenders that are still out there. And when those happen, there's heightened levels of aggressiveness. But I suspect our customers across beyond just the Middle East, which I think was one of the drivers in '11, are going to increase your spending and it will tighten up resources pretty quick. As well, if we don't see a softness in North America and at the Gulf of Mexico keeps moving in the direction it is, I think you're going to find that international pricing is going to be a little bit more buoyant than it was in '11.
Angeline M. Sedita - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Okay, very helpful. And then, obviously, you've done a very good job of winning a number of large awards in Iraq. Some of your peers -- I mean we could say are you going to see the same, could you initially have a negative impact on your margins in the first half of 2012 as you've mobilized equipment into Iraq and have the natural growing pains of starting up the ramping up those projects?
Martin Craighead: I think there is risk associated, obviously. We've seen it on some of the projects we've been on so far. And this award that you're referring to is the biggest awarded to date in Iraq. So yes, there is some risk. But I'm not too worried about that. The way we've worked with both parties, the customer as well as the SOC in mapping out the rigs and getting the resources. I don't -- we're not planning on seeing anything real impactful borrowing if it goes according to , I think, a pretty conservative plan.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Bill Herbert with Simmons & Company.
William A. Herbert - Simmons & Company International, Research Division: Martin, how should we think about North American revenues in relation to the rig count over the course of 2012 as you confront these challenges on the supply chain front? Are we going to outpace the rig count? Or are we going to perform in line or underperform the rig count?
Martin Craighead: We're going to outperform the rig count. I made the reference in Canada in terms of the complexity, Bill, of these wells, but the services of the city hasn't changed. It's only getting better. And let me just take the opportunity on -- with your question to say, this margin compression is, I would venture to say, very much our issue, Bill. Okay? I think that needs to be understood. There's no market-driven issue that we can see at this stage.
William A. Herbert - Simmons & Company International, Research Division: Okay, that's clear. And then, secondly, with regard to your capital spending budget, up pretty considerably year-over-year. And I'm struck by the magnitude of the increase considering the digestion challenges you're having right now with regard to the supply chain and logistics and putting capacity to work. Walk me through the rationale there with regards to the 30% to 35% increase in capital spending. Is this purely to meet growth? Is it part of a replacement cycle exercise in terms of freshening up your fleet and retiring more obsolete older equipment, new lines of businesses? Walk me through the buckets of capital spending allocation.
Martin Craighead: I'll give you as much as I'm comfortable providing on this call. First of all, there is an element, an increased element from last year to this year of replacement, but also pressure pumping equipment that goes to the front line for efficiency enhancement. There's a record level in this budget for non-pressure pumping CapEx, both in terms of rental tools as well as infrastructure. Okay? So it's not all a horsepower story on our CapEx. And then, as I think I mentioned on one of the previous questions, Bill, we're only staying pace with what we delivered in Q4. Yes, it's a year-on-year increase, but the first quarter particularly was completely unrepresentative of what we needed to be delivering in the world of pressure pumping. So yes, the fleets that hit in Q4 strain our organization, absolutely. But it's part of what we have to work through as being able to scale the other side of the support, people, capabilities and the infrastructure to handle those fleets as they come on stream. So we're comfortable where we are relative to that horsepower add.
William A. Herbert - Simmons & Company International, Research Division: Okay. Just 2 very quick ones for me in terms of housekeeping items. Peter, you mentioned Q1 margins are partial recovery. Should we think about Q1 landing somewhere -- in terms of North America, should we think about North America margins in Q1 landing somewhere between Q4 and Q3?
Peter A. Ragauss: Yes. And partial recovery, I would say, is less than half of the sort of basis points that we loss from Q3 to Q4. So yes, definitely, it's between those 2 bookends. But I would say it's on the lower end of those bookends. But we expect a meaningful partial recovery, if you will. It's in the lowest end -- sorry, go ahead.
William A. Herbert - Simmons & Company International, Research Division: Yes, that is helpful. And then finally, you may have addressed this, I didn't quite understand it. The meaningful uptick in corporate expense with regard to guidance for 2012. What's driving that?
Peter A. Ragauss: Part of that is the $10 million per quarter of the noncash amortization of the BJ tradename, which we put an 8-K out right before Christmas. And then Q4 was unusually low. We got down to $64 million or so. And we still have SAP implementation going on worldwide for BJ. And also in Q1, typically you have a share-based comp hitting the corporate line as well. So it comes up in Q1.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Joe Hill with Tudor, Pickering, Holt.
Joe Hill - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc., Research Division: Martin, when I think about the seasonal improvement in the international margin, I tend to think in terms of around 150 basis points for the fourth quarter. But I know you guys had record orders on the books going into the quarter. And I'm just curious as to whether or not we can try and dial in the level of seasonal headwind in Q1 a little bit given those record orders.
Martin Craighead: Joe, it wasn't record level orders. I'm not going to tell you what it was, but it, by no means, was it is biggest as it's been in some of the previous years. Peter, you want to add?
Peter A. Ragauss: Yes, as it turned out, I'll try to answer that more specifically. We had about $50 million in product sales that we don't expect to repeat in Q1. And then, typically, in Q1, you've got weather and mix. Weather really hits you in Russia, the North Sea, Asia Pac. And that's probably a similar magnitude. So add those up, maybe $100 million or so of revenues impacting Q1 relative to Q4 with pretty healthy detrimentals there.
Joe Hill - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc., Research Division: Okay. That's very helpful. Just as a follow-up. Martin, I was wondering if you would talk about the pricing environment by product line for, say, non-pressure pumping C&P and then for Drilling and Evaluation?
Martin Craighead: Yes, Joe, what I'm comfortable telling you, we still have very good price traction being led by drilling services. Behind that would be artificial lift. And that would be followed by completion tools, in that order. All of them up, and I would forecast all of them to be up this time next year. And when we're talking price, I'm not talking new technology or anything else. I'm simply talking about the price improvement we can get from supply and demand situation as well as the performance that's out there. And on the -- I'd say it's probably flat on areas such as drill bits and wireline services. Does that answer your question?
Joe Hill - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc., Research Division: It does.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ole Slorer with Morgan Stanley.
Ole H. Slorer - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Just a follow-up on Joe's question. Was -- were those comments relating to North America or were they global?
Martin Craighead: Ole, they were North America.
Ole H. Slorer - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Okay. If we look a little bit overseas, what do you think will be the strongest regions for you next year? You highlight -- you spoke very favorably on Latin America, yet Latin America seems to be the area of your margins lagging a little bit in the recovery into the fourth quarter.
Martin Craighead: I would say that our most optimistic region is the Middle East, not only Iraq, but just given the announcements that have come out from a variety of the customers. As well as our increasing position there in terms of, I think, share and relationships, the geomarket model as most every region of Eastern Hemisphere. But I think our geomarket model there, our leadership that we have in place has done an excellent job of positioning Baker Hughes concurrent with the increase in the spending environment.
Ole H. Slorer - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Okay. And back to the Iraq question again. Security seems to have gone from bad to worse. Are you afraid that this party might be spoiled a little bit by more slippage of start of a project?
Martin Craighead: I'm going to let Peter answer that. He was -- just came back from there. Peter?
Peter A. Ragauss: Yes. Ole, I was just there 2 months ago almost to the day. And security is -- you've never seen security like you have it there, and it's required. But one thing I will say is that the security situation there, physical security hasn't changed at all in the past couple of months. In fact, I think it's remarkable that the Iraqi security forces haven't had really any major events. You've had random acts of attacks probably at the same pace as you had for the past 7 years. In fact, if anything, they've come down in the region in which we operate, which is in the south near Basra. And so I think it's holding together pretty nicely. I think the biggest challenges, the mother of all challenges in Iraq is just the logistics and getting things through the bureaucracy, getting things through customs, moving things around in a safe manner. And that hasn't -- that we expect to improve over time. So I think there's some unfounded fear. And so far, the past few months have been pretty uneventful, quite frankly.
Ole H. Slorer - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Well, that's good to hear. Just finally, on the bridge from the fourth quarter into the first quarter. I mean, North America, higher. It sounds like both the U.S. is rebounding a little bit on operations, and Canada has its seasonal positives. And then internationally, you have the product sales and a few other things. So do you -- how should we think about sequential earnings into the first quarter, up or down?
Peter A. Ragauss: Down. I think you could see flattish from oilfield ops. Don't forget, we've got corporate cost increasing $20 million, as we mentioned. Tax rate, we said, is going to be between 34% and 35%, and that compares to the 31% and change we had this quarter. So just those 2 items are $0.09 in and of themselves. And we also said industrial will be a little bit lower on an operating basis.
Ole H. Slorer - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: So goes down and oilfield up a little bit sequentially, okay?
Martin Craighead: We said oilfield flattish and a few other negatives.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Brad Handler with Crdit Suisse.
Brad Handler - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Maybe to come back on a couple of issues quickly. I had gotten the impression that you were -- you had labor shortages as a challenge in Canada in Q4. I'm not sure we really addressed that on this call. But is that the case? And does that in any way hamper your opportunity in Q1 to take advantage of the winter season? It doesn't sound like it, but I'm just curious for some...
Martin Craighead: No, that's a good question, Brad. Labor is a big problem in the province of Alberta. I think unemployment is probably like it is in the Bakken. So it's affecting everybody. It's a challenge. I think we're working through it very well. Our organization up there has done a terrific job of making sure that we're able to take care of our customers. But it certainly is a limiter. And I think it's very safe to say that all of us are going to experience turn down work in Q1 in Canada given the inability to staff every opportunity. But that's the way it is in a high-peak environment like the winter months of Canada, particularly prior to a drop off of Q2.
Brad Handler - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: But I guess it's your sense that you've made enough progress and that's -- you're not differentially hurt?
Martin Craighead: No, no. In fact, I would say we're probably the least hurt. I think you're going to find the industry very challenged up there. But given our size and importance of the business to our customers up there in terms of our position, we're not disadvantaged at all.
Brad Handler - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Have you guys done the backward calculation of what Q4 revenues sort of should have looked like for you in North America, had you been able to get the materials where they needed to be?
Martin Craighead: Yes.
Brad Handler - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Can you share that with us?
Martin Craighead: No.
Brad Handler - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Okay. And then maybe if I could slip one in -- one more in, please?
Martin Craighead: I didn't answer that one. Go ahead.
Brad Handler - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Yes, right, that's what I figured. Revenue, if I think about that -- sort of a similar question, maybe, internationally. But how did revenue growth -- how did revenues compare with your expectations in the fourth quarter? I know the margins came through.
Martin Craighead: I'd say right in line. A little bit more favorable in terms of the product mix, but in line with expectations.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Waqar Syed with Goldman Sachs.
Waqar Syed - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: A couple of questions. First on Iraq. Do you have the rigs on the ground, or they still need to be brought into the country?
Martin Craighead: Rigs are on -- the rigs that we'll be mobilizing in Q1 are there already. And then we, as I think mentioned to Angie, we're adding a rig about every other month once we get going. So it's gradual.
Waqar Syed - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: So those really need to come from outside, the one that -- one rig a month?
Martin Craighead: Yes.
Waqar Syed - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Okay. And secondly, are you exporting any pressure pumping capacity to the international market?
Martin Craighead: The answer, Waqar, is yes. We'll deliver more pressure pumping horsepower internationally this year than we did definitely last year.
Waqar Syed - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Okay. And what reasons in the world is the capacity going to go to? Is that something you can share, or should we assume that all the 4 or 5 basins that everybody highlights those are days when it's going to end up?
Martin Craighead: That's pretty much what you can assume. That's right.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Kurt Hallead with RBC Capital Markets.
Kurt Hallead - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Hey, Martin, I just wanted to try and get a general sense, you guys referenced that you think you'd be able to grow your international revenues faster than the rig count that's been a common refrain from the other large competitors so far. So in a general sense, do you think that if we go back and kind of look at the growth rates relative to rig count in prior periods, do you get a feeling that 2012, you guys can actually grow revenues faster than you have historically relative to the rig count? Are there certain dynamics that we need to be aware of that would cause that? Do you think it might be slower? Just trying to look at some relative sense of magnitude potentially on how to think about it for '12.
Martin Craighead: On the revenue side, I would say that the rig count -- consistent with the rig count is a safe bet. And I can't forecast any reasons why there'd be any variances, up or down, from what that is right now. And if we see any shock in pricing on the upside, then, obviously, that would change quickly. But I think right down the middle of the fairway, with the rig counts, is where to be.
Kurt Hallead - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: And then you guys have been spot on here with your execution and performance on the international front, as you said, exiting 2011 here with a 16% kind of margin. With pricing as competitive as it is and volume growing, what kind of incremental margins do you think you'll be able to achieve on the international front going out into 2012? And I think at some point you may have referenced that 2012 exit rate, your target will be, I think, consistent with the peer group average or something along those lines. So I just wondering if you can give us an updated view on that.
Martin Craighead: I think you could, Kurt, model in 20% incrementals on the revenue next year, I think, is the place to be.
Kurt Hallead - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And then just appreciate being that explicit. On the North American front, I don't want to beat this one to death here. From a pricing standpoint, we've heard pricing down in the gas basins and pricing up in the oil and liquids basins. And we've heard a pretty consistent refrain on supply chain and cost inflations. So I understand all that. I was just wondering if you can give us some order of magnitude of change in the pricing that you're seeing in the gas basins in which you're still active, knowing that, that's going to be coming down in terms of volume. And what the general range of price increments you're able to get out of the oil and liquids basins. Plus, again, just relative magnitude, is it like 10% down in gas and 10% up in oil and liquids? Can you just give us some general sense of what's going on in the market?
Martin Craighead: Yes, I appreciate the question and trying to get some greater transparency. What I'd say at this stage is that the increases in the oil basins are offsetting the compression in the gas basins. Now, obviously, as you've heard, people are repositioning their fleets given the apparent or the oncoming softness in some of the gas basins. I -- the way we look at this is this market, I would say we're still in the very early stages of these unconventional plays. And I know that might be very hard for a lot of people to understand given how rapidly they've come on the scene. But in talking to our customers, tens of thousands of locations are coming up in these discussions to be drilled in these plays, like the Marcellus, the Eagle Ford and even the Utica. And Kurt, when you see that kind of outlook, it's that you can't but conclude that adding additional capacity, and not only in pressure pumping, but also in roofline and rental tools, is absolutely the right way to go forward. So there may be a little bit of weakness in some of these basins until things settle down and you get the right balance of supply and demand balance. But overall, collectively, there's no softness in the price. And I wouldn't expect it to be anything dramatic even if it does soften in a couple of places.
Kurt Hallead - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And then just final. On the horsepower you referenced, frankly, every 4 weeks now, so that supply chains is loosening. Was that just specific to the U.S., or what kind of allocation are you going to have between, say, U.S., Canada and international?
Martin Craighead: Now, that's our global capacity. And I don't want to share exactly what's dedicated. But as I did say, we will be delivering more. But I would tell you that a meaningful amount of it is skid mounted and beyond what's going international can be rerouted, if necessary.
Kurt Hallead - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Okay. So not even a tidbit on the allocation to Canada maybe?
Martin Craighead: No.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Bill Sanchez with Howard Weil.
William Sanchez - Howard Weil Incorporated, Research Division: Martin, I was curious as we think about international margin growth opportunities here, is there anything left at this point as it relates to margin improvement from the move you made from a product service line to a geomarket model? And also anything on the supply chain that's left in the international markets here that could be additive to margins during 2012.
Martin Craighead: The answer is, on both of those, yes.
William Sanchez - Howard Weil Incorporated, Research Division: Okay. Anything -- is it quantifiable or is it not necessarily?
Martin Craighead: Well, no. I mean, we've quantified it as part of our continuous improvement plans with regards to margins. But I wouldn't say -- I think what you're referring to, Bill, is that in the early stages of our improvement process, there was a lot of internal -- it was internally driven in terms of aligning cost structure with where the market was. That's -- that played off in the second half and it's getting smaller, but it's still something that we're working towards. But the majority of any margin expansion is likely to come from mix improvements, price or just volume as costs are absorbed.
William Sanchez - Howard Weil Incorporated, Research Division: Sure. My follow-up would be, I guess, Martin, you've been candid here that this quarter represented for you getting less out of BJ Services that I think you guys had hoped for. I'm just curious as to the decision to minimize the use of the BJ services tradename. Was that something that internally you guys decided needed to be done because you're disappointed, if you will, on the progress there? Or is that something really more externally driven by your customers? Can you just talk a little bit about that decision?
Martin Craighead: Yes, look, there's absolutely no connection between our decision, which is a business decision, a long-term decision, with regards to the name. I mean, it's a powerful brand, obviously, as you can tell by the numbers that are out here, quite a bit of value associated with it. But it's in keeping with the movement from a product line driven company to a geographical base company. Some of our service names are no longer in the portfolio that you may have been familiar with before within Baker Hughes in the legacy side. Some of the strong product names like you Hughes Christensen and Centrilift, they still get the banner. But the service lines have -- the product line names have been deemphasized. And it's just in keeping with the Baker Hughes strategy that took off 2 years ago when we reorganized the company.
Adam B. Anderson: Regina, at this point, we'll take one final question.
Operator: Our final question will come from the line of Scott Gruber with Bernstein.
Scott Gruber - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: Martin, a quick follow-up on your CapEx guidance. Is the growth rate in international CapEx more or less than the total if we utilize the mid-point of your guidance range?
Martin Craighead: Could you ask that another way?
Scott Gruber - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: Well, is the rate of international CapEx growth more or less than, I think it's about 32% growth year-on-year if you use the mid-point of your CapEx guidance?
Martin Craighead: I'd say it's probably around that number, to say it's consistent with that.
Scott Gruber - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: Okay. And an unrelated follow-up. Can you provide an update on the appetite for the multi-stage completions systems that you've recently developed, especially since some of these systems can help improve operating efficiency? Are the completion sleeves gaining traction outside of the Bakken? And if you can also comment on the annular fracing, which I believe you recently introduced in the U.S.
Martin Craighead: Yes. Scott, the sliding sleeves, the product development folks have been just incredible in terms of continually upgrading these. And we were the -- we introduced it. We have the lion's share of the positions, particularly in the Bakken. We've taken it to the next level with the DirectConnect, teleport type of technology. In this particular case, 32-stage capability. But within each stage, 10 sleeves open, more than twice the nearest competitor. So I wouldn't want to say that you got 300-some fracs on their capability, but a lot of initiation frontage in that reservoir phase. It's just really incredible technology. And I hand it to our North American guys and our product guys. And on the OptiPort technology, which is to an infinite number of stages capability, it's really, really, really strong in Canada. And we've done a handful of jobs with very good success. And I expect it will take off. But like a lot of things in this business, they have longer takeoff runs than we'd like. But it's going to give the customers another option in our portfolio of -- in completions.
Scott Gruber - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: Okay. So it sounds like improvement over the course of '12, but not a meaningful transition toward some of these products. Is that a fair assessment?
Martin Craighead: Yes, I wouldn't say it's a step change, but it's a continuation of the growth. We have quite a bit of growth planned in our product line, '12 relative to '11.
Adam B. Anderson: Thank you, Martin and Peter. And I want to thank all of our participants this morning for your time and your thoughtful questions. Following the conclusions of today's calls, I will be available to answer your calls. Once again, thank you for your participation.
Operator: Thank you for participating in today's Baker Hughes Incorporated Conference Call. This call will be available for replay beginning at 11:30 a.m. Eastern Time, 10:30 a.m. Central, and will be available through midnight Eastern Time on Tuesday, February 7, 2012. The conference ID number for the replay is 29422162. The number to dial for the replay is 855-859-2056 in the U.S. or 404-537-3406 international. You may now disconnect. Thank you.

===== 2011 Q3  (2011-11-01 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Chadwick C. Deaton - Executive Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of Executive Committee Peter A. Ragauss - Chief Financial Officer and Senior Vice President Adam B. Anderson - Vice President of Investor Relations Martin Craighead - President, Chief Operating officer and Director
Analysts: William A. Herbert - Simmons & Company International, Research Division John David Anderson - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Ole H. Slorer - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Kurt Hallead - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division Angeline M. Sedita - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division James C. West - Barclays Capital, Research Division Michael W. Urban - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Stephen D. Gengaro - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division William Sanchez - Howard Weil Incorporated, Research Division Brad Handler - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division
Operator: Good morning. My name is Brandy, and I will be your conference facilitator. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Baker Hughes Third Quarter 2011 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] I would now turn the conference over to Mr. Adam Anderson, Vice President of Investor Relations. Sir, you may proceed.
Adam B. Anderson: Thank you, Brandy. Good morning, everyone. Welcome to the Baker Hughes Third Quarter 2011 Earnings Conference Call. Here with me today are Chad Deaton, Baker Hughes Chief Executive Officer and Chairman; Martin Craighead, President and Chief Operating Officer; and Peter Ragauss, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Following management's comments, we will open the lines for your questions. Reconciliation of operating profits and non-GAAP measures to GAAP results for historic period can be found on our website at www.bakerhughes.com in the Investor Relations section under Financial Information. Finally, I must caution you that any company outlooks discussed this morning are subject to various risk factors. We'll try to highlight these risk factors as we make these forward-looking statements. However, the format of the call prevents a more thorough discussion of these risk factors.  For a full discussion of these risk factors, please refer to our annual 10-K/A, 10-Q and, in particular, the forward-looking disclosure in this morning's news release. With that, I'll conclude our discussion of the administrative details and turn the call over to Peter Ragauss. Peter?
Peter A. Ragauss: Thank you, Adam, good morning. This morning, we reported adjusted net income of $518 million or $1.18 per share. This excludes the noncash tax benefit of $214 million associated with the reorganization of certain foreign subsidiaries related to the BJ Services integration. You will see a corresponding decrease in the deferred tax liability on the balance sheet.  This adjusted net income also excludes a loss of $26 million related to the early extinguishment of our $500 million notes that were due in 2013.  On a GAAP basis, net income attributable to Baker Hughes for the third quarter was $706 million or $1.61 per diluted share.  Revenue was a record $5.18 million, up 27% or $1.1 billion from last year and up 9% or $437 million sequentially. Adjusted EBITDA was $1.15 billion, up 62% from last year and up 13% sequentially.  To help in your understanding of the moving pieces, I'll bridge Q3 last year EPS to this quarter's EPS. GAAP EPS a year ago was $0.59 per share; subtract $0.06 for the early extinguishment of debt this quarter; add $0.49 for the noncash tax benefit from the tax reorganization; subtract $0.07 for higher corporate costs, net interest expense, income taxes and a higher share count. Operations added $0.66. That brings us to $1.61 per share on a GAAP basis. Bridging the sequential quarters, GAAP EPS for the last quarter was $0.77 per share. First, add back the $0.16 impact of the Libya reserve to our Q2 2011 results; subtract again $0.06 for the early extinguishment of debt this quarter; add again $0.49 for the noncash tax benefit from the tax reorganization; subtract $0.04 for higher corporate costs, net interest expense and a higher share count.  Corporate costs were $15 million sequentially, primarily as a result of the planned SAP implementation, the pressure pumping product line in North America. Operations added $0.23 per share. Lastly, we benefited $0.06 per share from a more favorable tax rate this quarter. That brings us to $1.61 per share on a GAAP basis. Table 4 of our earnings release, we provide financial information excluding the impact of the $70 million Libya charge in the Q2 results to provide more meaningful comparisons between quarters.  From this point on in the conference call, any comments on revenue, operating profit and operating profit margin refer explicitly to Table 4. Revenue in North America was $2.72 billion, up 35% compared to a year ago and up 15% sequentially. North America operating profits were $607 million, up $267 million year-over-year and up $167 million sequentially. North America margins were 22%, up 540 basis points from a year ago and up 377 basis points compared to the last quarter.  Q3 2011 has benefited from the seasonal recovery in Canada. The rig count was slower to ramp up compared to prior years due to the unusually wet weather, really through the whole spring. It picked up pace through August and averaged 441 rigs for the quarter, 22% higher than the same quarter last year. Activity in the U.S. continued to increase with the average rig count up 20%, compared to the same quarter last year and up 7% sequentially. Moving to the international side. International revenue was $2.13 billion, up 19% compared to a year ago and up 4% compared to the prior quarter. Operating profits were $260 million, up $165 million year-on-year and down $16 million from the prior quarter. International margins were 12.2%, up 693 basis points year-over-year and down 124 basis points sequentially. As provided in earlier guidance, we still expect to exit the year with international margins around 15%. Our Industrial Services and Other segment, revenue was $336 million, up 21% compared to last year and up 4% compared to last quarter. Operating profit was $28 million, down $8 million compared to a year ago and down $6 million sequentially. Operating margin was 8.2%, down 216 basis points from last quarter. This was primarily driven by an increase in cost of goods sold. We expect Q4 margins to be in line with Q3 for the industrial and other segment. Turning to the balance sheet, at quarter end, our total debt was $3.9 billion, up $292 million from the prior quarter, reflecting the issuance of $750 million and 3.2% 10-year notes and a redemption of $500 million of 6.5% notes. These 3.2% notes have the lowest 10-year yield ever issued by any company in our industry.  Our total debt to capital ratio was 20%. Accounts receivable grew some $540 million in the quarter, and this increase was driven by revenue growth, as well as the usual invoicing delays resulting from the implementation of SAP for our North American pressure pumping business. We expect our accounts receivable to return to more normal levels in line with our business growth in Q4. Our capital expenditures were $628 million this quarter, bringing the year-to-date total to $1.65 billion.  At the end of the quarter, we had $803 million in cash and short-term investments. During the quarter, we replaced our $1.7 billion credit facilities with a new $2.5 billion 5-year facility. This new facility has no financial covenants, which is another reflection of the strength of our balance sheet.  Finally, I'll provide you with our updated outlook for the fourth quarter of 2011. An interest expense to be between $55 million and $60 million; corporate costs, between $75 million and $80 million; depreciation and amortization expense, between $340 million and $350 million. CapEx for the quarter will be about $700 million to $750 million resulting in a full year capital spend of between $2.3 billion and $2.4 billion. Our tax rate is expected to be between 32% and 33% for the fourth quarter.  I'll now turn the call over to Martin.
Martin Craighead: Thanks, Peter, and good morning, everyone. This was a record revenue quarter for Baker Hughes, provides further confirmation that our transformation to a geomarket structure is paying dividends. Overall, we're pleased with the results and the growth of our major businesses. We still have some challenges and efficiencies to work through with the goal of further improving our overall margins next year to better reflect the value that our products and services provide the industry.  I'd like to start out by providing our listeners with an update on pricing. Large international contract renewals continue to remain highly competitive. But when you put those contracts aside, prices are increasing, albeit slowly. It is our expectation that if commodity prices remain where they are and North America activity stays where it is, international pricing will continue to trend higher. As for pricing in North America, while there are certainly variations across our product lines, on the whole, we're still able to modestly grow pricing in excess of cost increases.  In U.S. land, we track the pricing on 8 of our product lines across 7 principal basins. And with regards to pressure pumping, for example, in Q3 relative to Q2, 2 basins had pricing trending down, 2 basins had pricing trending up and 3 basins were unchanged. And we believe these trends will remain the same into Q4.  As I mentioned, however, each product line is experiencing unique pricing behaviors. Before we move up pricing, I'd like to be clear that my commentary for both international and North America pertains only to price improvement on like-for-like services. Given the increasing reservoir, operational and regulatory challenges our industry faces, we will continue to high-grade the product and services mix, which, in turn, leads to comparably higher prices. Now I'd like to discuss operating results, and I'll start with North America. In Canada, unconventionals continue to drive our activity. While rig count was up 23% year-on-year, well count increased about 15%, highlighting the greater complexity of the Canadian well construction market and therefore, the greater service intensity per well drilled.  Significant element of our Canadian unconventionals are the oil sand developments. Baker Hughes has an enviable position in production chemicals and ultra-high-temperature ESPs in this growing market. Strong rig count growth we saw during the latter part of Q3 in Canada is very encouraging, but overall shortages of people, equipment and consumables will temper growth over the next few quarters.  Moving to the Gulf of Mexico, we saw gradual activity improvement sequentially, driven by an improvement in the permitting process for Deepwater wells. While margins are improving, they're still significantly below the pre-Macondo levels due to less exploration and high-end development activity and the higher operating costs associated with increased compliance requirements.  As we've highlighted on previous calls, Baker Hughes remains bullish on the Gulf of Mexico and we're very well positioned to support our customers as the activity and mix eventually resume to historic levels. Turning to U.S. land, clearly, the unconventional shale plays continue to be the big story. Even with the fairly significant volatility in the commodities and equities market, we haven't seen our customers alter their spending behavior in any material way, and the proof of this is in the 6.5% sequential growth in the U.S. rig count.  Demand continues to outstrip supply across most of our services, especially drilling services, completion systems, pressure pumping and wireline. We're adding capacity to our supply chain at record rates across all product lines to meet our customers' demands.  But furthermore, like the industry, we continue to be challenged by shortages of water and sand and we're working diligently to resolve the supply chain and logistical constraints.  Staffing continues to be another challenge for the industry. Baker Hughes has already created thousands of new jobs in the U.S. and Canada this year, and we're working hard to hire an additional 6,000 people over the next few months.  We completed the first OptiPort frac job in the U.S. this quarter. This particular horizontal well in the Barnett was successfully completed with 49 stages. The OptiPort multistage fracturing system, as we highlighted at the Analyst Meeting earlier this year, saves time and money by eliminating rig up and rig downtime between stages, enables more efficient fluid use and most impressively, essentially allows for an unlimited number of stages.  Last quarter, we reported on some of our newest technology such as of the next generation Frac-Point, In-Tallic, the IN-Tallic disintegrating frac balls and the AutoTrak Curve. And we're very pleased to report that these continue to experience tremendous customer demand.  As we work to ramp up supply of these new products, we're quite optimistic that these, as well as others in the pipeline will have a meaningful impact in helping customers even more efficiently develop their substantial unconventional resources. Initially, all of these new technologies are being introduced in North America. But over time, they will be equally applicable across the international unconventional markets as well.  What's becoming increasingly apparent with these unconventionals is the technology and intellectual challenges to unlock, if you will, the code of optimal field development. To meet these challenges, we've co-located integrated teams comprised of reservoir engineers, geoscientists, completion specialists and drilling engineering experts to partner with our customers to work through and resolve these challenges. This is further evidence of the changing relationship between customers and oilfield service providers in North America.  And finally, the continuing shift to oil-focused drilling in North America benefits Baker Hughes' production-related businesses. Oil wells require artificial lift, they require more chemicals and in general, they require more work over services compared to natural gas wells. Evidence of this trend is in an award we received this quarter for 360 well ESP contract in the Mid-Con region, driven largely by our reputation for superior reliability and longer run times of our ESPs. Internationally, revenue grew 4% sequentially. And during the quarter, margins contracted as a result of an unfavorable product mix.  In Europe, revenue was up slightly, but margins deteriorated. This was primarily due to product line mix, coupled with lower drilling activity in Norway and other transitory costs.  In the U.K., activity levels were flat as operators considered divestures and the impact of potential tax reforms.  In Poland, we are positioning ourselves to take advantage of future growth in the unconventional businesses where we recently performed a horizontal tight gas frac. We expect Europe to return to normal margins in the fourth quarter.  Moving from Europe to Africa, starting with Libya. The outlook there has significantly changed, and we're hearing from our customers that they hope to get back to work as soon as it's safe to do so. We've done an initial assessment of the status of our facilities, but at this time, it's a bit premature to speculate when operations will return to normal.  We'd like to acknowledge the dedication and commitment of our local employees during this difficult period. We wish them and their families the very best through the next stage of Libya's transition.  In Algeria, operations improved modestly, but a shortage of consumables severely constrained our stimulation activity during the quarter. We expect this to return to normal during the fourth quarter. We were awarded a 3-year contract to provide drilling services on over 70 wells in Algeria. This contract offers another data point to the effectiveness of the geomarket structure.  In Russia, there was moderate improvement in activity and we were awarded an important contract to provide completions, artificial lift and chemicals on an offshore Arctic project. Moving to the Middle East and Asia Pacific region, sequential activity remained largely unchanged. In Asia Pac, we drilled sidetracks in 4 different wells using our advanced coiled-tubing drilling systems. This technology enabled operators to efficiently sidetrack an existing well to a new reservoir location without a full rig, while providing superior well productivity results compared to conventional techniques. During the quarter, we installed the region's first GeoFORM screen. We were able to significantly reduce the complexity associated with performing a conventional sand control job in a very remote environment.  In the Middle East, we did not see the substantial increase in rig activities some had expected, but we believe the region's national oil companies will execute on their plans to grow the rig count. Significant awards in wireline and directional drilling as well as our continued success in completions, artificial lift and chemicals demonstrates the execution performance of our geomarket leadership there.  As we announced a few weeks ago, we were awarded our first integrated drilling project in Iraq for LUKOIL. This project consists of drilling and completing a total of 23 wells and serves as an important benchmark for us in Iraq. We're gearing up now and we expect the first rigs to begin operations early in the first quarter. Further, we've been awarded an important multi-service project -- the Khafji joint operating company. This work, which is in the neutral zone between Saudi Arabia and Kuwait, includes an integrated suite of products and services on 3 drilling rigs.  In Latin America, we continue to see sequential revenue growth. As in the other regions, the theme continues to be about the application of technology and how it's solving our customers' problems and enabling them to develop their newer resources.  In Brazil, this quarter, we continue to strengthen our position as a leader in drilling services in the presalt and we were awarded a new multi-well drilling optimization project.  In October, we opened the Baker Hughes technology center in Rio, and this is our 10th technology facility worldwide. This new center will further elevate the commercial relationships we have with the Brazilian customer community by establishing higher levels of intellectual partnership as we collaborate to solve some of the toughest drilling and production challenges. In Mexico, the lab projects and growth in the offshore market are encouraging. In particular, the Corelio [ph] field laboratory has been successful for Baker Hughes, and we have been able to leverage our technology and reservoir expertise to impressively grow production in our assigned area.  In Argentina, we continue to position ourselves to take advantage of the unconventional developments. Our view is that this is one of the most attractive near- to medium-term opportunities for international shales.  So in closing, our North America business delivered, and we believe the opportunities in this market will continue to be strong going forward. We also believe that Baker Hughes is very well positioned to capture an increasing proportion of the market. We're pleased with our international revenue progression, but our margins were challenged this quarter. We're addressing these issues, and we're confident we'll deliver on our fourth quarter margin goal.  At this point, I'd like to turn the call over to Chad.
Chadwick C. Deaton: All right. Thank you very much, Martin. Good morning, everyone. Overall, I have to say I'm pleased with the results of this quarter. Our global revenue growth was up 9% sequentially, and the change in sequential operating income was 20% -- 21%, and both categories are near the top of our peer group.  Our international margin deterioration was mainly attributable to Europe and, as Martin discussed, we've addressed those issues and they'll return to more normal levels in Q4.  As I did on the last call, I'd like to give you an update on our progress toward the goals we laid out in our Investor Meeting earlier this year. Our overall improvement in international margins over the last 5 quarters has been substantial and we are nearly 700 basis points better than we were at this time last year.  We maintain our expectations that we'll meet our 15% international margin goal upon exiting 2011.  In order to achieve this 15% exit goal, as we've seen in previous 4 quarters, our supply chain will be challenged to meet a record backlog of product deliveries. Second, we are strengthening our presence in the offshore markets as evidenced this quarter by the inaugural deployment of the Blue Tarpon stimulation vessel. We now possess the 2 most capable stimulation vessels in the Gulf of Mexico, enabling us to service the deeper, complex reservoirs of the deep Miocene and lower tertiary formations.  The third area, we maintain our view that we can sustain leading margins throughout the cycle in North America. We had a strong 370 basis point improvement in North America margins from Q2 to Q3. And as the Gulf of Mexico returns to our expected share mix, we will see additional improvement. Our balanced product portfolio and strong production-related services give us the ability to navigate any potential short-term market weakness while preparing our company for the long-term growth.  Fourth, we continue to position our supply chain organization to be a leading strength and fundamental differentiator for us in this market. As I mentioned, we've seen a record order book for our completion tools driven by increasing demand for our high-end completion systems. We continue to open new manufacturing centers in key markets around the world.  Last month, we broke ground on a new manufacturing facility in Malaysia. The plant will manufacture production-related equipment for our customers in the Asia Pacific region and will open in 2012.  Just as we've told you consistently this year, we are firmly committed to operating responsibly and with the highest quality personnel in any oilfield service company. We believe that our industry-leading competency assurance program is vital to developing this capability. This program will service to both meet the -- serve us to meet both the evolving global regulatory requirements as well as to differentiate our people around the world when delivering services to our customers.  And finally, we maintain our long-term objective to become the #2 pressure pumping player globally. To achieve this, we'll need to continue to grow our presence in the North America market, but also look for opportunities to grow our international footprint. The recent award of a multi-year, multimillion stimulation contract in the North Sea is an example of our commitment to grow this business.  Let me switch topics now and give you a brief outlook on market conditions. Looking at the Baker Hughes rig count for Q4, we expect the U.S. count to grow by 5% sequentially to an average of 2,030 rigs. Canadian rig count should grow an estimated 9% sequentially to 485 rigs in Q4, and that compares to 441 in Q3. International activity will see a modest ramp-up and should average approximately 1,215 rigs in the fourth quarter, which is a 4% sequential improvement.  Looking ahead to 2012, there's a lot of debate out there right now about the uncertainty in the market, but I'd like to take a minute and tell you how we're thinking about this. Many people have tried to draw a parallel between what is happening today and the end of 2008. And although there are reasons to be cautious, we think there are also very important differences.  First, the North America market in 2008 was still predominantly natural gas driven, and only 20% of the rigs were targeting oil. As you all well know, the natural gas is strictly tied to the North American energy market and as result, suffered a decline from over $14 per Mcf to less than $3 per Mcf on a spot basis during the 2008 collapse.  Today, over 50% of the rigs running in the U.S. are oil directed versus the 20% levels in '08, and a large chunk of those so-called gas rigs are in fact targeting liquids-rich reservoirs. Additionally, the business is far more technologically complex as evidenced by the increase in horizontal wells, which now represent nearly 60% of the U.S. rig count. This increase in complexity favors Baker Hughes technology rigs product offerings. In 2008, there was a substantial liquidity crisis that constrained our customers' ability to raise capital. Today, we aren't seeing that same level of capital constraint. Further, the IOCs and NOCs will continue to look for opportunities to expand their presence in North America through either JVs or acquisitions.  In the international markets, project economics are naturally tied to Brent and appear to be very attractive at current commodity prices.  Further, many operators have committed to increase their production capacity and must drill to not only grow their production, but also replace underlying declines. The duration of these projects is longer term by nature such as offshore, deepwater, remote locations and as such they're planned years in advance.  Finally, the shift in activity to NOCs is demanding a higher level involvement and integration with the major oilfield service companies. Today, we are much better positioned through our infrastructure build-out, our reservoir consulting capability, the BJ acquisition and, of course, our geomarket organization to respond to this shift in the market. As unconventional resources decline increasingly in the world, we return to Deepwater, to shale and other difficult access reservoirs in order to extract resources to meet the world's energy demand.  So let me wrap this up. As all of you know, effective January 1, Martin's going to take over the role of CEO and I'll remain as Chairman, so this will be my last quarterly earnings call. I want to take just a minute and thank all of you for all of your support over these last 7 years. Being CEO of Baker Hughes is not only been extremely satisfying, but it's been a privilege as well. This is a great company, it's full of great people and it continues to get stronger every day. We've made a lot of changes over these last several years. We've had some successes and, obviously, we've been faced with a few challenges. But we're in a much better position today to capitalize on this next up cycle than ever before.  To our shareholders, I want to assure you that we have the right management team going forward. And for our employees that may be listening on this call, I want to thank all of you for your support and, obviously, for your dedication over these last several years.  With that, Adam, let's open it up for questions.
Adam B. Anderson: Thank you, Chad. At this point, I'll ask Brandy to open the lines for your questions. [Operator Instructions] Brandy, could we have the first question please.
Operator: Your first question comes from the line of Bill Herbert with Simmons & company.
William A. Herbert - Simmons & Company International, Research Division: Martin and Peter, with regard to the international margin bridge for the fourth quarter, historically, you guys have had very strong year-end product sales. I think last year, that probably accounted for close to half of your significant EBIT improvement in the fourth quarter. Is that pretty much the roadmap for this year's improvement as well from 12.2% to call it in the vicinity of 15%? Are year-end product sales expected to play a prominent role?
Martin Craighead: Absolutely, the product sales play a prominent role, but maybe a little bit unlike, say, some of the previous Q3 to Q4 walk [ph] bills. As we've said in our commentary, we had some transitory cost issues we are challenged with across all the regions. We expect those to abate. And we had some product line mix issues as well on the revenue side that didn't. Weren't as accretive as maybe some of the higher ends. So those 2 are a little bit more unique to this quarter. But yes, absolutely, Q3 to Q4 is a big part of a manufacturing company like Baker Hughes' year-end numbers.
Peter A. Ragauss: Yes, Bill, this is Peter. Just to maybe put a bigger picture around it, we are expecting activity to increase in Q4 so that's beyond just the regular product shipments, right? And you've got what's typically, I guess, for Baker, unique to Baker is product shipments of completions equipment that we've talked about and also artificial lift that typically happened in Q4. Probably the reversal of some of the transitory costs, we had a little bit of severance, we had a little bit of ForEx like many of the others, we had some repair and maintenance costs a little bit higher in the quarter. And then we expect a favorable contract hopefully to pay out a little bit in the Q4 as well. So there's a list of 6 or 7 things, and I think I gave them to you in the order of magnitude that should bring us to the international margin number.
William A. Herbert - Simmons & Company International, Research Division: Great. And then Martin, very quickly, you mentioned international pricing ex-big project starting to improve. Are we talking net pricing or gross pricing?
Martin Craighead: No, I think net pricing, Bill.
William A. Herbert - Simmons & Company International, Research Division: Okay, good. And then lastly, with regard to North America, you mentioned constraints in the form of water, sand and people. Yet on the other hand, you've got accelerated frac deliveries at least I think as of the second quarter call, you did your -- in excess of the 40,000-horsepower for every 6 weeks that you were in the first half. I think the last time you talked about this, you were expected to win a disproportionate share of the Gulf of Mexico Deepwater rig reactivations in the fourth quarter. Revenue per rig in the fourth quarter thus in North America should still be pretty good?
Martin Craighead: Yes. And your comment on the -- you're right in the conclusion of accelerated deliveries in the fourth quarter for horsepower. But there's no getting around the fact that the logistical issues around sand, particularly, is challenging the efficiency of these new fleets. And it's just something we have to work through and get a bit better at managing.
William A. Herbert - Simmons & Company International, Research Division: Okay. And lastly, Chad, I'm not sure if this is your last call, it sounded like it, but if it is, we've really enjoyed working with you. You've been really one of the true gentlemen in this business. So all of the best.
Chadwick C. Deaton: Thanks a lot, Bill.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of James West with Barclays Capital.
James C. West - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Chad, let me echo Bill's comments, thanks for all your years of leadership and thoughts on the industry.
Chadwick C. Deaton: Appreciate it. Thank you.
James C. West - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Martin or Peter, you talked about a little bit of the kind of issues internationally that you were addressing or addressed. I guess I wanted to clarify the kind of cost issues you have particularly, as it respects to Europe. Have those been addressed right now, or is this still an ongoing process?
Peter A. Ragauss: Yes, most of those are one-off unique to the quarter. I mean we took most of our -- we did most of our cost-cutting, as you recall, in the last half of last year with hundreds of hits that came out of the underperforming geomarkets and if you recall, we've taken a lot of overhead costs out. I think that the issue in Q3 were unique costs on, like I said, FX, a little severance, a little bit of maintenance that were unexpected and they're not underlying structural issues.
James C. West - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Okay. And then so do we -- if we take all those out from 3Q, then we think about 4Q, do you have to have a very strong product sales period to get to that 15% margin target? Or is that just giving you some cushion?
Peter A. Ragauss: We still need those deliveries. I mean with the orders -- we got the orders in hand, now it's a question of just getting the products delivered to bring us up -- it is -- we still got to make up 280 basis points, and it's not all cost. It is activity and product shipments as well.
Chadwick C. Deaton: James, this is Chad. I think Peter hit it right on the head, and it's a very important point. It's not that we're hoping to sell these products in Q4. These products have been sold. Now it's the delivery, getting them out in the next couple of months -- not that we're hoping for the sale.
James C. West - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Okay, okay, fair enough. And then as we look about into international for 2012, at this point, you have assumed you have a vast majority of your revenue contract. And how are you guys thinking about international E&P spending growth for next year?
Martin Craighead: Well, as you say, James, I mean we're -- this is Martin. We're in the process of pulling all together and having this -- the conversations with our customers. And they themselves are still going through the process. But I got to tell you, there's not a customer on the international front, IOC, European independent or NOC that is anything but bullish on 2012 in terms of what their spending is going to be in response to trying to get their production up. And I think you've seen some of the challenges some of our customers have on the international front with regards to production and reserve replacement ratios and so forth. So we expect 2012 to be a better year in terms of activity, distinctly better than 2011.
Chadwick C. Deaton: Yes, let me throw something in because I just got back last night from SPE's only annual technical conference in Denver and I chaired a panel with actually a lot of our key senior customers were on there, Petrobras, Petronash, Shell, several others. And to a person not one of them talked about any type of slowdown in 2012. They're still very optimistic at very senior levels, so we're thinking 2012 still looks very strong.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Angie Sedita with UBS.
Angeline M. Sedita - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Martin, you mentioned in your comments about current pricing outlook in pressure pumping across some of the regions with some of the markets flat, down and up. Could you give us further details on what markets or where as far as up, down and flat? And how much are you seeing in pricing pressures so far, is it marginal or greater than that and then thoughts on 2012 pricing.
Martin Craighead: Okay. Angie, I've got a chart in front of me here and it's obviously, if you will, a bit of intellectual property, I'm not -- I can't share all of the ins and outs of it. We spend a lot of time trying to understand what's going on by product line and by basin. But I wanted to tease out pressure pumping because it's obviously that's what's of most interest to you and your peers. To answer your question, by no means when I say is the pricing trending down, is it sharp, I think what you find is that there's a flattening and maybe a bit of a give-up on a little bit of price. And those 2 basins, as it's been reported, is the Northeast and the Southeast, which are your gas-driven basins. We still see and I think our competitors, at least one of our competitors have said the same thing, couple of the oil basins and the basins being a little bit newer to the unconventional, if you will, or at least the horizontal drilling and multistage fracturing being woefully under supply and the wait times there for pressure pumping dates are not shrinking. But in turn, again, in those 2 basins that I highlighted, wait times have probably dropped 50% according to our data. And like I said, I don't want to go into any of the other product lines by basin, Angie, but as I look at it, the -- if I give you one more data point I'd say in those 2 particular basins as well because it's activity driven, things like drilling services and wireline services are following a little bit like pressure pumping although there hasn't been as much capacity added in things like wireline or drilling services in those 2 basins.
Angeline M. Sedita - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: All right, all right. That's very, very helpful. And then as one of an unrelated follow-up, but on the international margins, 2 questions. When you think about early next year, I would assume based on your comments on cost in the third quarter that when we think through margins early 2012 that the normalized margin should be that second quarter number of 13.5% versus the third quarter of 12.2%, that's first? And then second, obviously, there's been some debate on pressure -- pricing in the international markets for 2012. Your thoughts on which markets or country should lead and lag next year?
Martin Craighead: I would certainly say that we will see the Middle East leading in margins, driven by Saudi across all product lines and some other key countries in the Middle East. And then I would say Latin America will continue with the rebound, the encouraging rebound we see in Mexico is absorbing capacity on that front, in that continent, no slowdown in Brazil, possibly a pick-up in activity in the southern cone. And of course, the NDN has no -- doesn't appear to be slowing down. So I'd say the 2 regions, if you will, will be driven primarily by Middle East and Latin America. Well, Chad, do you have any?
Chadwick C. Deaton: No, I think Russia could get a little bit better in 2012.
Angeline M. Sedita - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: And are there any markets that you expect lagging or limited pricing recovery in 2012?
Martin Craighead: Well, I think a lot of that depends on us as a service industry. But I don't think anything is going to necessarily go down from here. I think it's a little premature. We have to see how the plans roll up from our customers in terms of their spend, Angie. So I hold off answering that one may be until the next time we get together.
Chadwick C. Deaton: North Africa, maybe a little bit up, Algeria is looking better, but Libya still a big question.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Kurt Hallead with RBC.
Kurt Hallead - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: I'll chime in too Chad, I do appreciate your accessibility and candor over the years. And good luck on your next phase.
Chadwick C. Deaton: Thanks, Kurt.
Kurt Hallead - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Sure. So I guess the follow-up question I have here is predicated on the commentary you provided and in the general guide points you put forth in your presentation. I guess we can all infer from that shriek [ph] consensus number in the fourth quarter of $1.38 looks not only achievable, but probably beatable predicated on the product sales that you have in hand for international and as well as the North American growth. Would you guys agree with that comment in principle?
Peter A. Ragauss: It's early on in the quarter so it's hard to say where it stands. But I wouldn't be raising that estimate.
Kurt Hallead - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Okay, that's fair, Peter. I'll leave that one there. All right. And then I guess, Martin, you had referenced something back as part of I think Angie's questions. I just wanted to get some point of clarification. You've mentioned something about -- in 2 basins, there are still willfully undersupplied, and that's on the liquid front and wait times are not shrinking yet. And I guess you were mentioning in the 2 gas basins that wait times have dropped $50%. I was just looking for some clarity on that.
Martin Craighead: Well, Kurt, that's one of the clarities I want to provide, but that's exactly right. The opportunity our customers have to schedule a fleet now is 50% less from what the wait times were before in the Haynesville and in the Marcellus. But that all said, the frac fleets are far less fungible if you will than a drilling assembly. So I think what you're going to find is that equipment stays landlocked a little bit more and case in point is as we move west into Ohio now, you would think that the pricing in the Utica and the wait times would reflect the Marcellus, but it's not. It's tight, its wait times are long, pricing is good, granted there's some different well-treating properties. But it's not, by any means, spreading beyond those 2 basins at this time.
Kurt Hallead - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Okay. I guess, I'm just kind of curious, during the comments that have come out from the growing peer group, so far to date, the reference about in aggregate the North American pressure pumping market still being tight and extremely tight, obviously, in the liquids basins and I guess some state of excess in the gas basins. Typically, in this business, if the market is tight and it's undersupplied, the service companies get very good pricing. So I'm just kind of wondering why with things still relatively in short supply how come pricing isn't better.
Martin Craighead: Yes. Well, that's -- I think what you're finding though is if we take a typical well now, things are a little bit different than in the past. The well -- the frac cost on a typical unconventional, let's take the Eagle Ford, is 50% of the AFP, Kurt. That's a significant amount of spend, in the last cycle wasn't there. The pressure pumping invoice was probably -- at best half of that in the total well completion -- total well AFP. So I think what you're finding now is that the economics on the wells is very much affects the pricing we're able to achieve on such a big portion of AFP. And I think it's also why you see a pretty big backlog of wells drilled but not completed, because maybe the economics don't work. So it's a very good question, but I think again in some of those basins where the wait times haven't dropped and they're woefully undersupplied, as I've said, pricing is still going up, but also the acceleration of that price while going up is not as high as it was in the past.
Kurt Hallead - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Okay, and then maybe a last follow-up on Latin America, you referenced Mexico coming back or being a pretty strong contributor. If we were to look at the varying countries and contributions of varying countries within Latin America, where would Mexico rank relative to Brazil at this point? And your expectation as to where Mexico may rank as you head out in 2012?
Martin Craighead: When you say contribution...
Kurt Hallead - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Yes, on -- if you want to talk about revenue, if you want to give some -- and once again, this is all net relative, you don't want to give numbers per se, but is Mexico still your largest contributor in the Latin American market or is Brazil leapfrogging Mexico?
Martin Craighead: For us, Mexico is not our largest contributor, but certainly, I think that if you look at differential growth for the next 12 to 18 months from where it started, Mexico could very well be out in the lead of the pack on an incremental revenue growth, percentage-wise.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ole Slorer with Morgan Stanley.
Ole H. Slorer - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Peter, first question to you, just some clarification on the tax rate, which came in a little lower than what you had previously guided and the reasons for this. And also some kind of color on what you think you should be modeling for 2012.
Peter A. Ragauss: Sure. Just -- taxes can move up and down depending on where your settlements are with various authorities around the world. We had about $23 million of discrete items benefit us in Q3, which is -- explains all that difference, which is higher than we had planned and we are expecting similar sorts of benefits in Q4 compared to the average for the year. With respect to 2012, it's too early to tell and I know you'd love to know the number, but we haven't done our plans yet. But if international margins continue to improve year-over-year, which I think they will, that's going to help some in lowering the overall rate from 2011, but probably not as low as what we've achieved in Q3 and what we projected to achieve in Q4.
Ole H. Slorer - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Because historically you have been guiding 34%, 35%, so this should take it towards the lower end of that range, perhaps?
Peter A. Ragauss: If you want, but we'll probably -- we'll give a better sense of guidance next quarter.
Ole H. Slorer - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Okay. Second question on just the seasonality in the business has, of course, changed quite a bit since you absorbed BJ. So Martin, how should we be thinking about the bridge from the fourth quarter to the first quarter? Canada will of course benefiting you on the strong side, but on product sales will temper off, and then maybe a little bit going into the second quarter as well given the Canadian effects versus recovery in Russia and other areas. Could you just help us a little bit on how to think about the seasonality?
Chadwick C. Deaton: Ole, this is Chad. I think you can look back over the last several years of what we have seen, and usually Q4 is a very, very strong quarter for us as you all know. Obviously, as you talked about the BJ, pressure pumping will help offset some of that product sales, but I think you'll see the same thing. Q4, we're expecting a very good Q4 quarter, and I think Q1 will be good, but I wouldn't be surprised if you don't see a little drop-off in Q1 from the international and everything else. But it should still be a good quarter in Q1.
Ole H. Slorer - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Because Canada should be very strong sequentially, right from the fourth quarter to the first quarter?
Chadwick C. Deaton: Yes. Canada looks -- and as you said Q2 -- we know it's going to happen in Q2 regarding Canada, but Canada will be strong in Q1.
Ole H. Slorer - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: So do you think that you'll have a modest net setback in sequential margins or could it be flat?
Chadwick C. Deaton: I think you should expect a modest setback just like we've done in the past.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of the Brad Handler with Crdit Suisse.
Brad Handler - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Going back to Q4 please, I guess I'm just curious about the Middle East, Asia Pacific region with some of the wins that you've highlighted, whether it's Algeria and Iraq and Al Khafji. How should we think about start-up costs, mobilization costs in Q4? So how might we think about margins in that region, specifically?
Chadwick C. Deaton: Well, I think there will be some start-up costs in Iraq. Obviously, with the LUKOIL win because we are -- we've been kind of gearing up for that for the last couple of quarters anyway because we've known we've had it for a while. You know that Khafji is not going to be a major start-up cost operation, this is something that nobody shared in for the last 38 years, so we're pretty excited about that 60% of that contract, but we have the equipment in the area that we're able to move in there. And, of course, when you're sitting in Kuwait, you're sitting in Saudi already as strong as we are, but not like you don't have the asset. So I don't think Q4 is going to be a very huge hit for us on start-up other than a little bit in Iraq.
Brad Handler - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Okay, all right, that's helpful context, I appreciate that. Maybe the related follow-up is so if we were to think about the individual regions and the contribution coming from each of them in the fourth quarter sequentially, is it fairly well balanced in terms of basis points of margin improvement? Or does one region wind up driving it in your -- based on what you see can see today whether it's from product sales or from reversal of costs or what have you?
Chadwick C. Deaton: Well, I think one thing to look at in Q3 and then understand why we're pretty optimistic about Q4 is here we have one particular area that took a pretty good hit in Q3, and that was Europe and Martin highlighted it in his conversation. But Europe was down from its normal operating margin by several hundred basis points for the various things that Martin talked about, the mix, a little bit of FX, a little bit of R&O, the different things in there. Europe traditionally is a strong area for us. It has been all this year, and we see it bouncing back in Q4. So that right there, we get a lot of comfort knowing Europe is coming back in Q4. So that will make up a lot of the difference you saw over Q3.
Brad Handler - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: That make sense. So in others, as we look at Latin America and the Middle East sequential performance on the margin basis, that was much more attributable to mix?
Chadwick C. Deaton: Yes. The other regions were okay. They had a little slip here and there, things that we talked about. But most of the hit in Q3 came out of the Europe region.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of David Anderson with JPMorgan.
John David Anderson - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: I just want to get back to North America, if you don't mind. You guys have some pretty bullish comments on the market, glad to hear that. I just wanted to ask a bit more about your capacity additions going into next year. You talked about ramping up. I think you're saying 1 fleet every -- one 40,000, 50,000 fleets every 6 weeks. How does that shift going to next year? Are you thinking about next year? Are you going to continue to have this pace all next year? And then how do you thinking about kind of this looming oversupply situation everybody's kind of freaking out about? I mean is that still going to be a second half '12 event in your mind or is that -- or where do you come out there?
Chadwick C. Deaton: Martin, you take that one?
Martin Craighead: Sure, Chad. David, this is Martin. Let me say it this way, we are planning to increase the horsepower per period. I'm not prepared yet until we fully map this out going into the fourth quarter and load the line, if you will, to give you an exact as we have in the past in terms of a fleet every 6 weeks. But I think it's safe to say that based on what we're doing now, we'll be able to do better than that on average in '12. And in terms of this what everybody is excited about, this overcapacity hang, David, the fact of the matter is that our customers continue to absorb more and more horsepower. They're drilling longer laterals. They're putting more stages as you've seen in this OptiPort job that we did 49 stages in the Barnett. There's really no better way to extract these reservoirs than to continue to drill longer, put more fracs on and even perhaps tighten up the well spacing, which is only going to accelerate again this absorption of capacity. It's not to say that it's a never-ending trend. Obviously, in some basins, particularly, the Haynesville, the lengths haven't gone, haven't extended for over a year now. They're pretty much flattened out. But all the other basins are showing continuing lengths. So our internal model as well as some of the -- peer group, the published, the frac models, we remain convinced that the market's not going to be properly supplied on the pressure pumping front through '12. And that's -- of course, there's the macro issues out there that commodity prices and economic -- general activity and so forth. But the way things looked now, we don't see a capacity issue in '12.
John David Anderson - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: In '12, okay, that's great. The BJ fleet, are you done kind of replacing what you thought you had to replace? Are you at the point now where you're kind of building your overall capacity level?
Chadwick C. Deaton: Yes, definitely.
John David Anderson - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay. And then I guess a little bit of a change going into Gulf of Mexico. Your comments have gone a little bit more positive than there has been the last couple of quarters. Just want to get a sense, you're talking about how your margins are kind of depressed because of the Gulf. Can you give us a sense as to how much it could improve your North American margins? I mean right now you posted I think it was 22% margins North America. Like how much was it down because of Gulf, and as it starts picking up, is it just a question of just activity levels and does the cost get absorbed really quickly and just kind of hit the bottom line quickly? Can you just kind of help us understand that progression as you see it into next year?
Martin Craighead: David, this is Martin again. I don't want to provide too much detail on the -- on what we think our incrementals are going to be. But there is a fixed, heavy fixed cost base in the Gulf of Mexico. And I think one of the comments from our peers was that the incremental should be very good, and we've seen that. But the fact of the matter is, probably what's most important is 2 fronts to get those margins up. There's nothing more that can be done, I don't believe on the cost front nor should we based on what the outlook is. Our customers are very bullish. The permitting is getting better. Really, it's still is a highly a mix issue and the type of rigs that are running and the type of wells that are being drilled, if you look at the permits, there's still a preponderance of sidetracks and injector wells, and we're woefully underrepresented on the exploration type. And for companies like ourselves and our big peers, that's, of course, that's very different revenue mix than some of the wells that are being drilled. But as Chad highlighted, in terms of our sand control feet and the boats we're running, commissioning and getting the Tarpon ready this quarter, it was a very good quarter relative to where it's come from. And I expect that year-on-year, we're going to have a much better quarter this time next year, if nothing else changes in the Gulf.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mike Urban with Deutsche Bank.
Michael W. Urban - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: And wanted to offer my best wishes to Chad as well.
Chadwick C. Deaton: Thanks, Mike.
Michael W. Urban - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: So the -- it seems like you're on track to hit your long-held 15% margin target internationally. It also seems that's come against the backdrop of probably a weaker activity outlook than you might have expected a lot of delays, of course, all the geopolitical issues. So can we take that to mean or imply that some of the self-help initiatives you've had underway, whether it's cost-cutting efficiencies, supply chain, all that kind of stuff, has been -- you've done better on that than you might have expected?
Chadwick C. Deaton: Yes. I think we've done better in a few areas. I think our cost-cutting area, I think that's been a good improvement. Our supply chain side is improving, but again, we've got some work still to do there. As I said in my comments, we have shifted a lot of future manufacturing capability to other parts of the world. So we've been running a little bit of duplication at a time and may be not fully up to speed in certain product centers yet. I don't think that some of the geopolitical stuff has hurt us all that much when you look at it. Yes, Yemen is down a little bit, Syria is down a little bit, we look at a few areas, but for the most part, activity has probably held in there. I think we felt from day one and we started to map out all of this 15% exit rate where it was going to come from, I think we're hitting in on most of the fronts that we targeted and we always knew that into Q3, Q4 was a strong time for us on shipments and ESPs in Russia and elsewhere. So I don't think there's any surprises out there for -- that we haven't anticipated. I think we feel pretty comfortable Q4 will be there if we can just deliver the product that's already been sold. So that's the key.
Michael W. Urban - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay. That's helpful. And shifting over to North America, Martin, I think it was you that said you don't see -- there's not necessarily a tremendous amount of fungibility in terms of equipment in the pressure pumping markets. Is there anything that you can do to address that and potentially smooth out some of those variances from basin to basin or even if you do see a slowdown in North America, the ability to move some of the stuff internationally to kind of manage the supply globally like skidding frac fleets and things like that?
Martin Craighead: Mike, by no means do I want to suggest that we don't roll the fleets to other basins, and we do that now, and it's happening. But relatively speaking, moving one wireline truck or moving a 40,000-horsepower fleet is a very different task. So on the scale of mobility, if you will, frac fleets are way down the curve. So it's going to take a little longer to reposition and so forth. The second part of your question was what, Mike?
Michael W. Urban - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Could you also address the...
Martin Craighead: The international front. So a certain percentage, I don't want to say what, of the fleet that's scheduled to come out in the first half is skid mountable and transferable for that reason that if we should start to see second half of next year, a balancing, approaching where we reassign it to Latin America, Middle East, particularly Saudi with the unconventional attention and, of course, parts of Europe.
Michael W. Urban - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: So your flexibility on that front in terms of being able [indiscernible] around is improving?
Martin Craighead: It's very good. It's well thought out and understood and that's the way we're building.
Operator: Your final question comes from the line of Bill Sanchez from Howard Weil.
William Sanchez - Howard Weil Incorporated, Research Division: Peter, I just wanted to ask you on Canada I know in the second quarter you mentioned that you had expected to recapture about 2/3 of what you lost in 2Q in the third quarter, I'm just curious I know there was wet weather in July. Were you able to do that, make that target?
Peter A. Ragauss: Yes, pretty much. Canada was no surprise in Q2 and met our expectations.
Stephen D. Gengaro - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then just as a quick follow-up on Latin America. I think when you guys outlined a 15% margin expectation as we exit 2011, my recollection was is that Latin America margins would probably be just shy of that. I mean given where your margin performance was in 3Q, can you just talk about how we should think about Latin America here fourth quarter? And I guess Martin some mix issues there that perhaps are going to continue to be a challenge for you as you think about going into 2012.
Peter A. Ragauss: Just let me balance the map and maybe Martin will talk about mix. But we said Europe will be our biggest sort of recovery going into Q4. So we expect that region probably to be in the higher end of the 3 international regions. And it's kind of a toss-up if it's Middle East, Asia Pac or Latin America, probably below the average, right?
Martin Craighead: As far as the mix side, Bill. On the geography side, I don't see any slowdown in the Andean region at all. Very bullish, great terms for our customers, optimism, execution performance by our customers and geological success. Brazil, no temperament, both in terms of Petrobras, as well as the local operators like OGX and the foreign interest. And as I said, on a revenue contribution side year-on-year, I think Mexico could be the star if everything lines up properly.
William Sanchez - Howard Weil Incorporated, Research Division: Okay. And those margins in Mexico, Martin, relative to the segment average, better, worse, in line?
Martin Craighead: I think let's say by the middle of the year based on the revenue volume, it'll probably be about middle of the pack.
Adam B. Anderson: Thank you, Chad, Martin and Peter. I want to thank all of our participants this morning for your time and your thoughtful questions. Following the conclusion of today's call, I will be available to answer your calls. Once again, thank you for your participation.
Operator: Thank you for participating in today's Baker Hughes Incorporated Conference Call. This call will be available for replay beginning at 8:30 a.m. Eastern, 7:30 a.m. Central and then will be available through 10:00 p.m. Eastern on Tuesday, November 15, 2011. The conference ID number for the replay is 11523813. The numbers to dial for the replay is (855) 859-2056 in the U.S. and (404) 537-3406 international. You may now disconnect, and thank you.

===== 2011 Q2  (2011-07-25 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Adam Anderson - Vice President of Investor Relations Martin Craighead - President and Chief Operating Officer Gary Flaharty -  Peter Ragauss - Chief Financial Officer and Senior Vice President Chadwick Deaton - Executive Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of Executive Committee
Analysts: Robert MacKenzie - FBR Capital Markets & Co. Scott Gruber - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., Inc. John Anderson - JP Morgan Chase & Co Kurt Hallead - RBC Capital Markets, LLC William Herbert - Simmons Joe Hill - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc. William Sanchez - Howard Weil Incorporated Angeline Sedita - UBS Investment Bank James West - Barclays Capital Matthew Conlan - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC Ole Slorer - Morgan Stanley
Operator: Good morning. My name is Lechae, and I will be your conference facilitator. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Baker Hughes Second Quarter 2011 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. I would now turn the conference over to Mr. Adam Anderson, Vice President of Investor Relations. Sir, you may proceed.
Adam Anderson: Thank you, Lechae. Good morning, everyone. Welcome to the Baker Hughes Second Quarter 2011 Earnings Conference Call. Here with me today are Gary Flaharty Clarity; Chad Deaton, Baker Hughes' Chief Executive Officer and Chairman; Martin Craighead, President and Chief Operating Officer; and Peter Ragauss, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer.  Following management's comments, we will open the lines for your questions. Reconciliation of operating profits and non-GAAP measures to GAAP results for historic periods can be found on our website at www.bakerhughes.com in the Investor Relations section under Financial Information. Finally, I must caution you that any company outlooks discussed this morning are subject to various risk factors. We'll try to highlight these risk factors as we make these forward-looking statements. However, the format of the call prevents a more thorough discussion of these risk factors. For a full discussion of these risk factors, please refer to our annual report 10-K, 10-Q and in particular, the forward-looking disclosure in this morning's news release. With that, I'll conclude our discussion of the administrative details and turn the call over to Peter Ragauss. Peter?
Peter Ragauss: Thanks, Adam. Good morning. And before I get started, let me just take a moment to say a big thank you to Gary Flaharty. For more than 14 years, Gary had skillfully shared the Baker Hughes' story with the investor and analyst community, having prepared an excess of 56 earnings news releases. So on behalf of the entire Baker Hughes organization, we thank Gary for his service and wish him much success in his new role here at Baker Hughes. Thanks a lot, Gary.
Gary Flaharty: Thank you.
Peter Ragauss: Switching gears to the financials. This morning, we reported net income of $408 million, or $0.93 per share. This excludes the Libya charge of $70 million, which would be $0.16 per share before and after-tax. This charge is associated with increasing reserves for doubtful accounts, inventory and certain other assets as a result of ongoing events in Libya.  Including these expenses, on a GAAP basis, net income attributable to Baker Hughes for the second quarter 2011 was $338 million, or $0.77 per diluted share. Revenue was $4.74 billion, up 41%, or up $1.37 billion compared to a year ago and up 5%, or $216 million, sequentially.  Adjusted EBITDA was $1.02 billion, up 85%, or $469 million compared to a year ago and up 7%, or $63 million, from last quarter. To help your understanding on moving pieces, I'll bridge Q2 last year EPS to Q2 '11 EPS. GAAP EPS a year ago was $0.23 per share; add $0.13 for acquisition-related expenses in Q2 last year; add $0.02 for the impact of the lower tax rate this quarter, offset by a higher share count; expect $0.05 for higher corporate cost and net interest expense.  Operations and one extra month of BJ services this quarter compared to a year ago added $0.60, which brings us to $0.93 per share. Last check, $0.16 for the Libya charge. That brings us to $0.77 per share on a GAAP basis. Bridging these sequential quarters, GAAP EPS for last quarter was $0.87 per share. First, subtract $0.02 per share for the combination of a higher relative tax rate, higher share count, higher interest and lower corporate expenses this quarter. Operations added $0.08 per share, including the impact of the seasonal breakup in Canada. Last, the impact of Libya was $0.16 per share, which gets us to $0.77 per share this quarter. In Table 3 of our earnings release, we provide financial information on a pro forma combined basis with revenue and profit before tax with BJ services included into the prior period's results to allow meaningful comparisons between quarters. It also excludes the impact of the $70 million Libya charge.  From this point on, in the conference call, any comments on revenue, operating profit and operating profit margin refer explicitly to Table 3. Revenue in North America was $2.37 billion, up 37% compared to a year ago and up 1% sequentially. North America operating profits were $440 million, up $217 million year-over-year and down $20 million sequentially. North America margins were 18.6% compared to 13% a year ago and 20% last quarter.  As we said during the prior call, the seasonal impact of the Canada breakup in Q2 to North America results would be significant. However, Canada has already started its recovery in Q3, supported by the rig count which stands at 376 rigs as of Friday compared to an average of 187 rigs in Q2 and 587 rigs in Q1.  In the Gulf of Mexico, we've incurred some mobilization and regulatory compliance costs, gearing up for the work we have been awarded for Q3 and Q4. Moving to the International side. International revenue was $2.05 billion, up 16% compared to a year ago and up 8% compared to the prior quarter. Operating profits were $276 million, up $157 million year-on-year and up $43 million from the prior quarter.  International margins were 13.5%, up 123 basis points sequentially and up 675 basis points year-over-year, as we continue to progress towards our international operating margin target. Our Industrial Services and Other segment revenue was $324 million, up 31% compared to last year and up 20% compared to last quarter. Operating profit was $34 million, up $14 million compared to a year ago and up $20 million sequentially as the segment recovered from a seasonally weak Q1 as we expected. Operating margin was 11%, up from 5% last quarter. Turning to the balance sheet. At quarter end, our total debt was $3.6 billion, down $233 million from the prior quarter, reflecting the repayment of $250 million of maturing BJ Services notes in June. Our total debt to capital ratio was 19%, and our capital expenditures were $594 million this quarter. At the end of the quarter, we had $937 million of cash and short-term investments. We also had $1.7 billion undrawn and available under our committed credit facilities. And finally, I will provide you with our updated outlook for the balance of 2011. We now plan interest expense between $210 million and $215 million for 2011; corporate costs now approximately at $270 million; depreciation and amortization expense is now approximately $1.37 billion, expected to be, I should say; annual capital expenditures at $2.3 billion to $2.7 billion, which is unchanged; and our tax rate, unchanged between 34% and 36%, excluding the impact of the Libya charge. The biggest factor impacting Q3 performance will be the partial seasonal recovery in Canada, but don't expect a full rebound to Q1 levels.  I'll now turn the call over to Martin.
Martin Craighead: Thanks, Peter, and good morning, ladies and gentlemen. Prior to delving into the operational update, I'd like to take this opportunity to tell you how we are better positioned to compete as a result of the integration of BJ services.  Let's start with North America operations where the proof our strength is clearly demonstrated by the capture of $400 million in new multi-service contracts during the quarter.  These winds were primarily driven by the integration of our pressure pumping, horizontal drilling and completions technologies. The timing of combining the BJ Services products and services into Baker Hughes couldn't have been better. We're now very well-positioned to capture an increasing proportion of the unprecedented levels of activity we're seeing in the unconventional shale plays. Near term demand continues to outpace supply, but not only in pressure pumping but also directional drilling and completion services. Sequentially, revenue improved in U.S. Land at a pace more than twice that of the rig count, which speaks to the growth in both the service intensity per rig as well as the emerging power of our fully combined organization.  The service intensity per rig in the unconventional markets is being principally driven by 3 forces. First, rigs are becoming more efficient as we work with our customers to address their drilling challenges. As such, we are routinely posting improvements in rate of penetration and decreasing time from spud to total depth. Second, horizontal drilling technology continues to improve. Baker Hughes has been a leader in pushing horizontals even further, with 10,000-foot laterals now considered routine in some parts of the United States. And as AutoTrak Curve, a technology we introduced last quarter, gains further market penetration, we expect this trend a longer lateral length to continue. And last is the number of stages per well. Reservoir experts from Baker Hughes' reservoir development service is including disciplines such as geomechanics are increasingly being called upon to evaluate and recommend the optimum fracture techniques to efficiently drain these reservoirs. Since the start of 2010, we've seen a 30% increase in the number of stages fraced per well, utilizing the plug and perf technique, and the nearly 40% increase in the number of stages fraced in wells using our FracPoint technology. Traditionally, an important metric for predicting revenue was rig counts, but one interesting dynamic that has changed over the last year so as that we are seeing a widening disconnect between the rig count and the potential for revenue growth.  Today, we are generating revenue beyond what the rig count would historically suggest by pushing new technologies such as AutoTrak Curve, FracPoint and In-Tallic balls, that when coupled with services such as sophisticated reservoir modeling and better well construction techniques, allows operators to drill longer laterals and enhance production all from a single well.  Now obviously, these lateral lengths cannot continue to extend indefinitely, and there will be a point of diminishing economic returns for the operator. But we haven't seen the end of the possibilities yet in the marketplace, and the customers who understand the value of this higher-end technology are seeing more efficient and reliable production performance. There's only a small set of providers who are capable of delivering these technological game changers, and Baker Hughes is one of those companies. In previous updates, we told you that there were a number of metrics we would track to ensure we were unlocking the value of our integration of the pressure pumping product line. As an example, one of these is tracking the total number of discrete Baker Hughes services provided on each one of the wells we frac. And over the past 3 quarters, the number of wells for which we are providing multiple services has more than doubled.  This is evidence that Baker Hughes is providing comprehensive solutions to our customers' unconventional reservoir challenges. We are creating value for our customers by providing a more seamless and integrated operation. In turn, this drives substantial incremental revenue and margin performance benefiting our shareholders. I'd like to give you a few examples of where these efforts are delivering results. In the Niobrara play, we were awarded a 1 year contract to supply directional drilling, drilling fluids, wireline, cementing and pressure pumping services to our major IOC. In the Permian basin, where we have a particularly large pressure pumping footprint, we were awarded 2 multi-service contracts from large independents that include pressure pumping, completion tools, bits, production chemicals and wireline. And based on the unparalleled strength of our completion tools segment, we have continued to grow our presence in the Bakken with an award from a new customer who wanted to convert from a plug and performance completion technique to our new FracPoint 40-stage system. As a result of this, we've been able to pull through a multitude of services including pressure pumping. Of course, this combined performance extends well beyond North America.  In Argentina, we performed our geomarket's first hydraulic fracturing job in an unconventional oil shale during the quarter. And in China, there is a definite increase in the demand for horizontal completion technologies, and Baker Hughes has a long history of providing that varied technology. Over the years, we successfully serviced more than 1,000 wells in some of China's largest oil fields. Most recently, we successfully installed a 12-stage FracPoint system.  All of these multi-service examples are important, because they draw the strength of a completely different Baker Hughes than we were just a year ago. And we're just beginning to unlock the value of this integration, and I'd like to acknowledge the substantial effort our people have put forward to make this a success. Now let me continue with the operating results by region. Focusing on North America first. We had a strong quarter in U.S. Land and posted improved results in the Gulf of Mexico, which was offset by seasonally weaker results in Canada. The Gulf of Mexico rig count is up 19% sequentially, following an initial burst of new permits. At the time, this was encouraging. However, the pace of issuing permits has not been sustained, and the deepwater activity has not reached the levels yet that we need to achieve an acceptable margin.  We were underrepresented on the rigs that mobilized during the second quarter. However, current rig schedules indicate our share will pick up measurably in the fourth quarter provided our customers are granted the permits that they are expecting. And as these operators get back to work in the Gulf, the safety of both people and systems and the reliability of processes and equipment are at the forefront of the industry's focus.  Baker Hughes has invested in a meaningful way in order to be fully capable of meeting these new and stricter offshore regulatory requirements. We've made these important investments in order to provide best-in-class services to our customers to be fully compliant with these stricter regulations and to help protect our people. These costs, which will continue through the next several quarters, had a modest impact on Q2 results. It is our intention to recapture these costs over time, along with a higher value that we are creating with these enhanced services. Now to the International market, where we continue to achieve sustained margin improvements. In Latin America, we experienced strong revenue growth during the second quarter. In Brazil, Baker Hughes is the leading provider of drilling services. In this quarter, we've continued to reinforce that position with our services on several new directional wells in the pre-salt. Our foothold in Brazil extends beyond Petrobras, and we are heavily involved in a major integrated heavy oil project where we are seeing measurable execution success from a number of our high-end MWD and LWD technologies.  Furthermore, in Colombia, we continue to be pleased with the increase in activity, as well as our ability to capitalize on the opportunities to grow revenue and margins. For example, we recently secured a new contract in Colombia that was awarded solely on the strength of our drilling systems technology. This multi-well award will utilize our TruTrak drilling system to drill 19,000-foot vertical wells in the tectonically active Piemonte basin, with a geology of some of the most challenging to drill in the world.  Performance in the Middle East and Asia Pacific region showed improvements. Activity rebounded strongly in Asia Pacific as seasonal weather cleared up. Our improved results were driven by activity increases in Australia, and pressure pumping and completion tool sales in Malaysia. Sequentially, activity was up modestly in the Middle East. We expect to see a measurable increase in the rig count during the second half of this year. Wireline services are gaining momentum in Abu Dhabi and Qatar, as evidenced in substantial contract wins during the quarter. In Iraq, consistent with the strategy we've laid out during the last several quarters, our focus has been on near-term production enhancement, on building infrastructure and gradually introducing all of our product lines into the country. I'm very satisfied with our team's execution of our Iraq strategy. For Europe, Africa and Russia/Caspian, we saw modest activity growth but strong margin performance. In fact, profit margin was up 271 basis points sequentially in EARC. In Libya, our local management is maintaining a state of readiness in order to serve our customers when the environment stabilizes. For West Africa, activity remains good, and our sequential performance was strong as our build-out of infrastructure across this area has enabled us to more effectively compete. We've seen encouraging signs for North Africa, excluding Libya, where activity has improved in areas such as Algeria and Tunisia. We continue to participate in the exploration of East Africa's emerging basins and look forward to further progress.  Moving to Europe, we experienced strong operational and financial performance driven by high pressure high temp wireline activity, improving weather in Norway and high-end drilling and completion services in Continental Europe. In Portugal, we began a multi-service contract for cementing, drilling, completions and tubular and casing running systems for an independent. In summary, operationally, we had a very solid quarter. We were awarded hundreds of millions of dollars of multi-service project in North America, secured a reputation as the leading provider of drilling services in Colombia and Brazil, performed our geomarket's first frac in Argentina, grew our wireline business in the Middle East and executed well on many other parts of the business as I've just discussed.  We're taking the steps necessary to measurably demonstrate the power of our combined company, and we are just beginning to tap the true potential for creating sustainable value for customers and our shareholders going forward.  At this point, I'd like to turn the call over to Chad.
Chadwick Deaton: All right, thank you, Martin. Good morning, everyone. I'd like to start by quickly highlighting the progress we've made against some of the key targets that we laid out earlier this year to all of you.  First, our international margins continue to improve. We're making solid progress towards exiting the year with mid-teen international margins. This has been a result of trimming our cost, growing our business and improving our overall operating efficiency. Certainly, there's more work to be done, but we're pleased with the steps we've taken so far, and our current trajectory is definitely in the right direction. Second, as we said before, we expect to deliver superior margins in North America throughout this cycle. The seasonal breakup in Canada did provide some marginal headwind this quarter, but activity will improve over the next few quarters as the fundamentals in this area are particularly strong. We remain confident in the underlying strength of the U.S. market and are encouraged by the ever-increasing number of unconventional plays our customers are asking us to help them exploit.  Our new technology, including AutoTrak Curve, In-Tallic disintegrating frac balls and extended stage FracPoint systems are all delivering results in the first stages of their commercialization. And we continue to be encouraged about the impact Baker Hughes' technology will have on this very important market.  Third, we told you we intended to be the leader on offshore markets. Let's start with the Gulf of Mexico where, as you know, the deepwater remains a work in progress for all of us. Clearly, the pace of permits remains lighter than the industry had hoped for. However, we're seeing progress on this front and like our customers, we continue to be committed to this very important basin. The deep gas on the Gulf of Mexico shelf has been a bright spot for the industry and particularly for Baker Hughes. We continue to play an extremely part in the exploration and development of this resource, and we proved this point again with the recent award of a multi-product line and service contract by a super major. Also, we continue to be a leader in the supply of drilling and completion services to the pre-salt in Brazil, and this will become a substantially more important part of the deepwater market going forward. And in the Asia Pacific region, we're very pleased with our deepwater win rate where we have captured more than 40% of the contracts awarded over the last year and half. A fourth area is that we expect to be a leader in competency assurance. As previously mentioned, we're investing heavily in our people and processes to ensure that we will be fully compliant with the regulatory requirements in the Gulf. More importantly, we know that our people are our single most important asset, and we believe that our efforts of having a superior means of assuring our competency will be a sustained differentiator for Baker Hughes.  I'm pleased with the progress we've made in our compliance efforts over the last quarter, particularly as it relates to taking advantage of our broad portfolio of technologies and services. We've always been a strong provider of innovative products and solutions, and we are better positioned now than we've ever been before. The fifth initiative we've discussed is around supply chain, where we continue to engineer our process so that it will provide us with the best quality products at the optimum cost level. And in spite of the headwind from the rising costs around materials such as metal, we've continued to bring the overall cost of our supply chain down.  And our sixth initiative is to continue to build our pressure pumping business and become the second-largest provider in the world. As we discussed, we are focused on providing a full suite of services, as well as new technological solutions to differentiate Baker Hughes from our competitors and thereby grow share. Establishing Baker Hughes as the second-largest provider of pressure pumping services continues to be in a very important long-term goal of ours. I'd like to wrap up by looking at the market. For North America, we revised our 2011 average rig count forecast to 1,850 rigs in the U.S., and that's a 20% year-on-year growth; and to 400 for Canada, which is a 15% growth. And globally, although there are numerous potential macroeconomic risks, in general, our outlook for the global energy service industry is really quite strong. Growth in rapidly industrializing countries coupled with modest improvement in the developed world should continue to drive the industry forward to produce the hydrocarbons needed to meet the ever-increasing demand for energy.  The fundamentals of our business indicate that pricing should gradually improve. And we are evaluating specific markets and technologies for opportunities to raise prices, either through existing contracts or when submitting new tenders. And we're encouraged of the pricing momentum we'll build.  That said, we continue to watch for potential pitfalls on the road to recovery, including the euro debt crisis, weakness in the U.S. economic recovery and of course, monetary tightening in China. However, given the increasingly complex reservoirs that our customers must exploit in order to maintain and grow production capacity, our outlook for our business remains positive now and into the future. By focusing on our key strategic initiatives and building off our substantially improved ability to meet our customers' ever-increasing demand, Baker Hughes will deliver on the initiatives I just discussed, and we are in excellent position to continue our overall financial and operational success.  Before I turn this call back to Adam, I just want to echo some of Peter's words and personally give Gary a thanks for all the years that I've worked with you, Gary, and what you've done for IR. I appreciate it very much.
Gary Flaharty: Thank you.
Chadwick Deaton: And with that, I'll turn the call over to Adam, and we'll take some questions.
Adam Anderson: Thank you, Chad. At this point, I'll ask Lechae to open the lines for your questions. [Operator Instructions] Lechae, could we have the first question please?
Operator: And your first question comes from the line of James West with Barclays Capital
James West - Barclays Capital: Chad, in your comments around international pricing, you sound a little bit less optimistic than one of your major competitors was on Friday when they talked some price increases coming through at the end of the second quarter. I was wondering if you could, I guess, highlight maybe perhaps your differentiated view versus them on pricing? Are you being more conservative? Are they being more aggressive? Or is it more just a question of where they play in the market?
Chadwick Deaton: No, James. I didn't mean to not sound positive on pricing because we are starting to see movement. We saw a little bit of movement in the second quarter. Some of it -- I mean, this obviously is market-by-market, region-by-region and business-by-business. But we saw a little bit in the second quarter. We submitted quite a bit of price increases. Some has been awarded, some we were declined on, and some will not kick in till probably Q3, Q4 and into early 2012. The momentum is definitely building. There's no doubt about it. Stronger in some markets than others, but I don't want to sound negative on pricing because it is building.
James West - Barclays Capital: Okay, understood. In which markets in particular are you seeing the most pricing momentum at this point?
Chadwick Deaton: Well, I don't want to give details because it's our specific markets, which I'm sure they wouldn't want to tell us where they're increasing pricing either. But we're seeing a little bit in the Far East. We saw some in a couple geomarkets in Latin America, and we see a little bit in the Middle East. Not so much in Europe yet, but it's beginning to get the feel in Europe. So I think those are mostly the markets where we're seeing it. It's just like we started to see it about 3 quarters ago in North America and continue to build, and that's what we're starting to see internationally.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Bill Herbert with Simmons & Company.
William Herbert - Simmons: A question with regard to Canada and how we think about that. First of all, Martin, can you give us a sense as to what the revenue decline was quarter-on-quarter in the second quarter? Was it greater or less than 50%?
Peter Ragauss: This is Peter. It was greater than 50%.
William Herbert - Simmons: Okay, and so when we think about the third quarter, do we think about capturing about half of what was lost quarter-on-quarter in Q2? How should we think about that, Peter and Martin?
Peter Ragauss: Probably similar between 1/2. Probably around 2/3 recaptured.
William Herbert - Simmons: Okay, great. That's very helpful. And then, Martin, with regard to the advent of sliding sleeve technology and the traction that it's gaining U.S. onshore, historically, the way we thought about this what that it was an application that was being well-received in markets with meaningful weather windows: Bakken, Canada, et cetera. How should we think about sliding sleeve going forward? Is it going to gain significant traction beyond the weather-sensitive markets? And if yes, why?
Martin Craighead: I would say that it has maybe modest growth beyond the markets you did highlight. But I think the point here that is maybe lost a bit is that this technology continues to evolve rapidly itself in terms of efficiency. Everything from running it and to executing it. Of course, you're familiar with the clean up process of the In-Tallic technology?
William Herbert - Simmons: Yes.
Martin Craighead: And as well, as I kind of hinted at, there's -- not every customer completely accepts its application yet, relative to the more traditional. So I don't want to tell you exact market absorption rates, but there's a substantial amount of opportunity in the existing basins for this technology to still convince, let's say, offset customers of the value it provides. So new customers as well as evolving technology, I'd say, still has a huge amount of potential for the product line.
William Herbert - Simmons: And the differential in time per stage, plug and perf on average, I think you guys have said has 5 hours per stage; and sliding sleeve, 1 hour per stage? Is that correct?
Martin Craighead: More or less.
William Herbert - Simmons: Okay, got it. Last question for me, Martin, same question I asked you last call, and that's the pace of absorption and delivery with regard to new frac capacity that's been ordered. Are we still on a run rate of 40,000 horsepower every 6 weeks?
Martin Craighead: Yes, probably picking up a bit. We were a little bit back-loaded just given the integration of BJ into the company. So unlike our, let's say, our peers, we probably had a more back half-loaded CapEx plan with pressure pumping. So that's a safe number.
William Herbert - Simmons: So the amount of horsepower that's going to be delivered second half for 2011 versus what's been delivered first half, is it -- I understand that's more. Is it modestly more, or is it more than trivial into the difference?
Martin Craighead: It is probably more than trivial.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Kurt Hallead with RBC Capital Markets.
Kurt Hallead - RBC Capital Markets, LLC: Chad, a follow-up question here on the pricing power. In the U.S. first, can you just give us some general handle on where you're seeing it increased the most outside of pressure pumping? And then what product areas do you think are still lagging?
Chadwick Deaton: Drilling systems clearly has a lot of price traction right now. Bits are okay, but as we know, bits in the U.S. don't require the same capability or technology challenges in the shales as they do on the sands and others. I think fluids. We're probably still lagging a little bit. There's more room to go there. And completions are clearly have a lot of traction on price. Complex completions.
Kurt Hallead - RBC Capital Markets, LLC: Okay. Can you guys talk about the pricing improvement on the international basis going out into next year? We're starting to see some signs of it now and then going out into next year. How do we think of the flow-through that on the P&L, generally speaking -- right? Because you have, I think, a number of projects that continue to roll off. So do you think you get like 1/3 of the pricing benefits next year? 1/2 of it? 2/3? How do we think about pricing power for international projects going into next year?
Chadwick Deaton: Well, I think you still have 1/3, 1/3, 1/3 of type contracts roll over, Kurt. I don't think the long-term contracting in international is going to go away. So at minimum, I think you're going to see some improved pricing on 1/3. But we are -- as we said in our comments, we are going in, even on existing contracts and pushing price on existing contracts, especially on some of the directional type work because tools are getting tight. Everywhere you can feel it. So it's actually a little over 1/3, could roll into early 2012.
Kurt Hallead - RBC Capital Markets, LLC: Okay. And than lastly, just wanted a little -- looking for some clarification. You mentioned some increased costs to meet the new rigs for deepwater Gulf of Mexico. I haven't really heard that from the other major players yet, so what kind of costs are you looking at?
Chadwick Deaton: Well, I think it's too early to try to put an actual number dollar on it, Kurt. What we're seeing is that clearly, come the end of November, the OEMs are going to require certain minimum standards to be met offshore, compliance standards. And this means -- and we're seeing it in some of the audits that are going on with our customers as they visit our facilities or BOEM or clients audit the rigs that you're on. So we are being proactive in this area. We know it's coming. We've seen it happen in the North Sea, back after following the Piper Alpha disaster. And for a period of about 1 year and 18 months, you see increasing regulations and standards being set. So we are just trying to get ahead of the game to make sure that, come November 15 when some of these regulations are rolled out, we are well in line and not any surprises for us. So we can't really quantify yet, but we clearly have picked up on our training and certification of people and making sure our systems are in place to handle it.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of David Anderson with JPMorgan.
John Anderson - JP Morgan Chase & Co: Just sticking on the same subject of the Gulf. I think in the past you said you're on something like 40% of the deepwater rigs out there. Permits, obviously a huge issue. Everybody's talking about -- how are you guys planning your business around this over the next 12 months, especially amid visibility? I mean, where do you guys think you're going to be a year from now in terms of equipment, services, people? You think you can be back 50%, 75% back in normal? I mean, how does this go through your mind?
Chadwick Deaton: Well, first, it all starts with the government and the permitting. The clients looking at the next 2 quarters, clearly through the end of the year, have already assigned work on the rigs that are coming in. So I think we are at, what, 16, 21 rigs in Q2, and it's going to 24 rigs in Q3. Here's an ongoing shift with half of those on work or half of them drilling. That increases quite a bit in Q3 and clearly more in Q4. That's subject to getting the permits on all of them. Some of them have permits, some don't have. We know what rigs we're assigned to in Q3, Q4. We see a nice build through Q3, and a very nice position in Q4 as Martin highlighted in his comments. So that's our planning in terms of people and equipment needed. So in a sense, this thing is kind of ramping up fairly slowly. It allows us the time to go ahead and try to get the equipment built and assigned and cleared to get the people back on board. We brought all of our people back that had been assigned outside the Gulf, the deepwater, over this last quarter, quarter and a half. So they are now back in place. I don't know, Martin, do you have any comment you want to add to that?
Martin Craighead: Yes, thanks, Chad. David, I'd say that, to follow up on Chad's comments, there's 130 or so well locations identified in the lower tertiary over the next several years. This is an enormous amount of spend. Our customers, the key customers are committed to it. No one wants to speculate on the exact timing or the way the government will respond, but we are here to service our customers. I can tell you that the amount of conversations regarding these complex completions, all the way into 2013 given the type of technology that's required and the conditions of these wells, are probably at a record pace actually. So are they out there drilling to the density we'd like? No. But is the work being done to prepare for it, including, as Chad mentioned and I mentioned, preparing for the stuff, this work at a much higher standard of performance, is under way. So how are we planning for it? We're optimistic and we're confident that -- we're not going to try to predict exactly, but we're confident it's going to follow through.
John Anderson - JP Morgan Chase & Co: So with all your people back in the Gulf, presumably your margins in the Gulf are a little bit of a drag right now. Obviously, Canada was a big drag. And Peter, maybe you can just kind of quantify for us how much that impacted your margins? But I guess my broader question is, Chad, you were talking about superior margins in North America, but your margin progression seems to be coming at a slower pace than your competitors. Obviously, there isn't any reason for that to continue your product line, your strength of your completions business. So how does that -- how do you guys close that gap? Is that something that closeable over the next 12 months? Is there any reason you think that shouldn't close?
Chadwick Deaton: I'm not concerned about our North America margins bouncing back. We're the biggest player in Canada. I don't think we -- we're not going to outline exactly what that hit in Canada was, but it went from 587 rigs to 187 rigs. That's a 400-rig drop, and that hit us pretty hard. And as we said, Gulf of Mexico, what rigs did go back? We had a mix issue in that. We were not necessarily on some of those rigs that went back, but we're clearly on them in Q3 and indefinitely in Q4 because like I said, this work has been awarded. We know who's going to be on which rig in Q3 and Q4. So I think the Canada mix definitely hit us this quarter. Gulf of Mexico hit us a little bit this quarter. And we're still catching up, as Martin said, on the pressure pumping side. Technically, weve had BJ 2 quarters now. We are clearly seeing a pull through both ways from putting pressure pumping on some of our completions, complicated completions, as well as the other way around now. So I'm not worried about U.S. margins. We also said that we would be a leader through the cycle, and we've got a pretty good chunk of our business in North America. It is tied to the production side, the ESPs and the chemicals. So when things are booming and rig count is accelerating rapidly, we're probably not going to have the top margins in that area. But I have no doubt when things soften, we will clearly have the top margins during the weaker period. So as we said, we want to be able to lead throughout the cycles. But I'm not concerned with North America margins. They are there, and they'll be back in Q3, Q4. Will they be at the very top? Maybe not with our production side influence. But we'll be up there, very, very competitive.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Ole Slorer with Morgan Stanley.
Ole Slorer - Morgan Stanley: Just following up on that last point. So if we look into the fourth quarter, do you see that, for North America, that you will be -- and you've come to benchmarking yourself against the industry it appears in the fourth quarter, do you expect to kind of meet your targets at that point? Just to clarify that once and for all and be -- I mean, that's the fourth quarter, which is, let's assume this is in Canada, clearly not like it first quarter, but decent? So do you think you will be on a sequential year-over-year -- sequential and year-over-year revenue growth and margins be where you want to be? Where you highlighted?
Chadwick Deaton: Yes.
Ole Slorer - Morgan Stanley: Very good. You talked about the Gulf of Mexico coming back, let's presume also very high margin work compared with the onshore. But could you talk a bit about the timing of when this work was awarded to you? What's the timing between when you are given a contract and when the rig mobilizes? In other words, when did you win this stuff in the third quarter?
Chadwick Deaton: Yes, this is all over the map, Ole, because a lot of it depends on when the rig is ready. And then clearly, it depends on the permit that the clients are finishing up on, on the permit and allowed to get back to work. But we see, as I said in Q4, from what we've seen and what the clients have told us and what we need to be geared for, Q4 will be the first real big improvement for us. Q3 will be a little better, and Q4 is much better in the Gulf of Mexico for us.
Ole Slorer - Morgan Stanley: And could you help us a little bit with a generalization on when that Q4 work was awarded on average? Give us a little bit more color?
Chadwick Deaton: Last quarter or early last quarter, clients started lining up. I mean, we just moved on 3 -- 2 drill ships in the deep semi in early July. That just went out. And that work was probably awarded, what, Martin, 4 months ago?
Martin Craighead: Yes. Ole, it's all over the map. But we're in customer offices now with contracts that are awarded, planning the well, and the well won't spud until 2013. These investments our customers are making are just incredible, and the technology requirements, the amount of manpower and the thought leadership so to speak. So it's hard to generalize. But I'd say, probably from award for actual -- I think a safe number might be 6 months.
Ole Slorer - Morgan Stanley: Okay, so the work that was carried out in the second quarter, was that for the most part awarded post-Macondo?
Martin Craighead: Post-Macondo, yes.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Matt Conlan with Wells Fargo Securities.
Matthew Conlan - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC: Guys, I wanted to ask about the North Sea. One of your competitors said that they thought that the change in tax regime there was having a negative impact on the customer commitments to new business. Have you seen anything on the U.K. side that confirms that?
Chadwick Deaton: No, we haven't, Matt. But we've been saying for quite a while, our people said they don't think that's a 2011 event for us. 2012 may see some things happen. Too early to tell you, but we actually had a pretty decent order in the U.K. It didn't affect us.
Matthew Conlan - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC: Okay, great. And turning back to the U.S., Schlumberger gave some incremental margin improvements in the first quarter to the second quarter on U.S. land. Are you able to give kind of the same kind of apples-to-apples difference between first quarter and second quarter margins for U.S.?
Chadwick Deaton: Peter?
Peter Ragauss: Well, we had pretty strong incrementals in U.S. land in Q1 to Q2, which are sort of 40%, 50% range. And revenue growth, you can -- similar to the peers. So U.S. Land, we're all doing pretty well.
Matthew Conlan - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC: Okay, okay. So the bogey that you put out there, that you were more than 2x the rig count growth for revenue growth, I mean, that's around 12%, 12.5%. But it seems like you did actually significantly better than that.
Peter Ragauss: Yes, we did better than that.
Chadwick Deaton: Yes, we did. U.S. land was not our issue in the second quarter as we said. It's Canada and a little bit of Gulf of Mexico.
Operator: And your next question comes from line of Scott Gruber with Bernstein.
Scott Gruber - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., Inc.: Martin, you mentioned that the number of jobs with multiple products and services being sold in North America doubled for you over the past 3 quarters, I think it was if I heard you correctly. It sounds like you're taking material share in that market now with BJ Services under your umbrella. Is that true? Do you think you are taking material share in the package service market in North America?
Martin Craighead: Correct. I think we're taking some share, I don't know if I'd want to say material. It's really providing an overall solution for the customer. But as Chad highlighted as well, I mean, all the key products or service lines in U.S. land right now are outside of maybe a couple. Depending on the basin, they're sold out. So share gain is not objective by any means. And the other thing, Scott, that we didn't define, but since you asked, when we say multiple services, it's 3 or more discrete services on a well site.
Scott Gruber - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., Inc.: Okay. And I am not sure if you have the full market data for just how big the kind of package service market is as you define it based on 3 or more services. But do you feel like your share now with some incremental gain is more on par with your size? Or do you feel like there's some more running room there?
Martin Craighead: Oh, no. It's doubled. I could tell you, it's still less than half of where out there, let's say, with the frac fleet. We've got a lot of headroom in this category.
Scott Gruber - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., Inc.: Okay, great. And then just turning to Latin America, just wanted to hear some detail on the slight sequential dip in margins there. As you provided some color, was it cost inflation or just mix? Any detail would be great.
Martin Craighead: I wouldn't read much into that, Scott. It's really just a little bit of mix.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Joe Hill with Tudor, Pickering.
Joe Hill - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc.: Chad, how would you handicap your chances of hitting your 15% international margin guidance a quarter early this year?
Chadwick Deaton: We'll stick with our original plan. We're going to hit 15% when we leave the end of the year. So we're not going to change our plan, Joe.
Joe Hill - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc.: Okay. And then we've heard from both you guys and some others that drilling and, in some cases, wireline, is kind of leading pricing. If you rank your product categories in North America, are drilling systems in excess of pressure pumping now and pricing momentum?
Chadwick Deaton: I would say yes, but Martin, you want to confirm that?
Martin Craighead: Yes. You're right, Chad.
Joe Hill - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc.: Yes. Okay. And then you guys talked a little about doing some jobs for YPF in the Neuquen. I have been thinking that basin was a sub-100,000 horsepower basin total. When you look out over the next several years, how big do you think we can get there?
Chadwick Deaton: Well, I think if you look around the world at potential shale plays and customers I've had lunch with or talked to who are sniffing around down there, I think Argentina is exciting, as what people were saying for the U.S. And you're right, I mean, I noticed in our comment at one point we said our first frac in the geomarket, and that's not true. We've been fracing there. BJ's had a history in Argentina for quite some time. It's our first horizontal frac in that area, horizontal share frac. But the one thing about Argentina, horsepower can be added there fairly easily. And a lot of it is because you can take U.S. horsepower and move it down there, a U.S. tractor-trailer type horsepower, which is not the case you can do on a lot of places around the world. So if it takes off, the capability of building horsepower in the U.S. is clearly there, and people can just -- eventually, we'll start moving horsepower down there. We'll build it easily for the Argentina market. Argentina is more a challenge in just terms of some of the government regulations and unions and other type things. And I think that, to me, is what's got to play out before people invest heavily down there.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Bill Sanchez with Howard Weil.
William Sanchez - Howard Weil Incorporated: Martin, my question for you is I know, I guess, historically, the approach in the U.S. pressure pumping business for Baker has been to stay relatively short as it relates to your contract structure. I'm just curious with the incremental adds that you continue to discuss on the call earlier, what's the thought process here to perhaps getting a bit more term contracts in place on the U.S.? Maybe you could share with us what kind of the split is between longer term and short term as we think about your U.S. pressure pumping capacity right now.
Martin Craighead: Okay, Bill. First of all, when we say history, of course we're only talking about 9 months, right?
William Sanchez - Howard Weil Incorporated: Sure.
Martin Craighead: All right. So were a little bit a neophyte at this. Our sense is that we still like to stay one, call it spot market, but flexible. Do we see an increase with customers wanting to commit a little bit longer? Depending again on the portfolio of services that we're awarded, depending on the depth that we get into their business in terms of well planning or even better field development planning, we'll have those conversations. But at this stage, I don't think we've moved the needle materially. In fact, I know we haven't from long-term to from short-term.
Chadwick Deaton: Bill, this is Chad. Let me just add something to that. Martin talked earlier about some big wins on these solutions, total packages with multi-services. I think that is the change we're seeing in this industry in North America, where a client is awarding a multi-product line, as Martin said, reservoir completion type package and fracing. That tends to be being awarded now on a year-type basis with a -- in a lot bigger package. So in the individual call out pressure pumping type thing where they're only looking at a year or 2 contract for just pressure pumping, I don't think that's happening. But the multi-package projects tend to be starting to out a little bit longer.
William Sanchez - Howard Weil Incorporated: Okay. Peter, my question for you as it relates to the third quarter margin in North America, given your earlier comments, is it reasonable to think, as we just do the math here, that third quarter '11 margin could approach back to the fourth quarter '10 margin that we saw in North America? Is that a reasonable type of inflection to be assuming for the model at this point?
Peter Ragauss: Refresh my memory on Q4 North America...
William Sanchez - Howard Weil Incorporated: So you were close to 22% in the fourth quarter in North America of last year.
Peter Ragauss: Yes, it's highly possible.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Angie Sedita with UBS.
Angeline Sedita - UBS Investment Bank: Chad or Martin, can you give us some comments on your Iraq operations, first on your margin progression versus your goals? And second, I believe you were the official low bidder on 2 Iraq IPM projects. What is the status of these awards? I believe you were potentially waiting on government approval. And if that is awarded, when would that work begin?
Chadwick Deaton: Martin, you're going to take that?
Martin Craighead: Yes. Angie, as I said in my comments, we're quite happy with our progression. As you know we simply bumped up the production side of this. We have been on the sidelines a bit based on the risk profiles. It should be not a surprise to anybody that initiating these contracts there can be very, very challenging, depending on the scope of the work that was outlined. You're correct with regards to the information you have on some projects, but I'm not going to stipulate as to -- and we haven't really been public on those yet, because we don't have any -- probably much more information than you do as to the actual timing of the award. But those are big awards. But again, they have to work through the machinery within Iraq. And in terms of the margins, I can tell you that we were slightly profitable, and we expect to be moving in that direction from this point on Iraq.
Angeline Sedita - UBS Investment Bank: Okay, okay. So is it fair to say you are waiting through the government process before you make any commentary on the awards?
Martin Craighead: Yes, ma'am.
Angeline Sedita - UBS Investment Bank: And then, secondly, you obviously had some pretty impressive incremental margins in Europe, Africa, Russia at 74% with margins moving from 11.8% to 14.5%. Was that driven by a specific country, region? What occurred in the region?
Chadwick Deaton: Well, I think one, Africa continue to turn around story in getting better. So that helped, contribute quite a bit. And we did have, as I mentioned, a good U.K. and Norway quarter, and Continental Europe is as well. And Russia continues to improve. So I think it's all the way across the board. The only area, Angie, that was probably a little bit weak is all of those areas comparatively was probably the Kazakhstan, Azerbaijan area where things are a little softer. But everything just stood across the board and improved in Europe.
Martin Craighead: West Africa and Algeria particularly, to give you some more detail, Angie.
Angeline Sedita - UBS Investment Bank: Okay, okay. Well, you are one of the few that are seeing good numbers in Algeria. And then finally, Russia, you had a nice ESP award in the region. Thoughts on the activity outlook for 2012? And could you see pricing in the region next year as well?
Chadwick Deaton: Yes. If you recall, we thought Russia would one of the first areas internationally where we start to see some price movement. At the early of the year, it was looking pretty decent. But that's kind of gone flat. I think Q3 pricing will be flat. Q4, we start to see a little bit of improvement. Now that being said, activity shows a nice ramp in Russia in Q3. And then Q4, Russia will be ending the year, pretty decent position. We just moved, beginning of this Q3, on 3 big IO projects, integrated projects, that just got kicked off, which will be contributing heavily in Q4. And I think, like I said, activity is improving and Russia. And probably, Russia will be a 2012 price inflection point or price change point.
Operator: And your last question comes from the line of Rob MacKenzie with FDR.
Robert MacKenzie - FBR Capital Markets & Co.: I wanted to explore with you guys a little bit more of the sliding sleeve technology in general and FracPoint in particular. There have been some that have criticized it -- more generically, is the sliding sleeve technology as producing poorer results than to the plug and perf. And then there's been other anecdotes where it outperformed. Can you give us a feeling for how much of that might be the technology itself in individual applications or the plays? Or how should we think about how the sliding sleeve technology will proliferate and where it's most applicable?
Martin Craighead: Okay, rob, this is Martin. Let me take that. I don't understand the criticism of it, so I'm not going to go there. The absorption in the market I think kind of -- should put those arguments to bed. Customers would not be continuing to repeatedly use it if they weren't seeing differential performance. And I would not say that I could identify any issues with the technology itself, other than it continues to evolve and be more applicable and more reliable. To me, and it gets back to what I said, what Chad has been saying for a long time, I gets down to the reservoir characterization to begin with. How this -- where the well has landed, the type of geology, specifically. And to say that the sliding sleeve technology, which allows obviously the customer to put a lot more fracs on something that has extremely low permeability, to say that it doesn't have increasing application is beyond me. I don't understand that argument. And so as I mentioned earlier, the 40-stage, the In-tallic balls, the new FracPoint direct connect, which we'll be launching shortly which has built-in nozzles to get the fracs more initiated and more focused, hold a heck of a lot of promise in not only U.S. land, but other parts. As we mentioned, China and Argentina, specifically.
Robert MacKenzie - FBR Capital Markets & Co.: Okay, great. That's very helpful. And I guess as a follow-up to that, when you aren't able to convince a customer to use it, what is the pushback you typically hear? And how do you address that?
Martin Craighead: Cost. Money.
Robert MacKenzie - FBR Capital Markets & Co.: So it is a trade-off between the benefit and the incremental cost to do it?
Martin Craighead: That's right.
Adam Anderson: All right. Thank you, Rob. And thank you, Chad, Martin and Peter. I want to thank all of you -- all of our participants this morning for your time and your thoughtful questions. Following the conclusion of today's call, Gary, Alexey and I will be available to answer your calls. Once again, thank you for your participation.
Operator: Thank you for participating in today's Baker Hughes Incorporated Conference Call. This call will be available for replay beginning at 11:30 a.m. Eastern, 10:30 a.m. Central and will be available through 11:00 p.m. Eastern time on Monday, August 8, 2011. The conference ID number for the replay is 77447493. The number to dial for the replay is (800) 642-1687 in the U.S., or (706) 645-9291, international. You may now disconnect.

===== 2011 Q1  (2011-04-27 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Martin Craighead - President and Chief Operating Officer Peter Ragauss - Chief Financial Officer and Senior Vice President Chadwick Deaton - Executive Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of Executive Committee Gary Flaharty - Vice President of Investor Relations
Analysts: William Herbert - Simmons Kurt Hallead - RBC Capital Markets, LLC Joe Hill - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc. Brad Handler - Crdit Suisse AG Angeline Sedita - UBS Investment Bank Stephen Gengaro - Jefferies & Company, Inc. Douglas Becker - BofA Merrill Lynch Michael LaMotte - Guggenheim Securities, LLC Matthew Conlan - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC Ole Slorer - Morgan Stanley
Operator: My name is Ashley, and I will be your conference facilitator. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Baker Hughes First Quarter 2011 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] I will now turn the conference over to Gary Flaharty, Vice President of Investor Relations. Sir, you may proceed.
Gary Flaharty: All right. Thank you, Ashley, and good morning, everyone. Welcome to the Baker Hughes First Quarter 2011 Earnings Conference Call. Here with me this morning are Chad Deaton, Baker Hughes' Chief Executive Officer and Chairman; Martin Craighead, President and Chief Operating Officer; and Peter Ragauss, Baker Hughes' Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Following management's comments this morning, we'll open the line for your questions. Reconciliation of operating profits and any non-GAAP measures to GAAP results for historic periods can be found on our website at www.bakerhughes.com in the Investor Relations section under financial information. I do want to caution you that any -- our company outlooks discussed this morning are subject to various risk factors. We'll try to highlight these risk factors as we make these forward-looking statements. However, the format of the call does prevent a more thorough discussion of the risk factors. For a full discussion of the risk factors, please refer to our annual report 10-K, our 10-Q and of course, the forward-looking disclosure in this morning's news release. With that, I'll conclude our discussion with the administrative details and turn the call over to Peter Ragauss. Peter?
Peter Ragauss: Thanks, Gary. Good morning. This morning, we reported net income on a GAAP basis attributable to Baker Hughes of $381 million or $0.87 per share. Revenue was $4.5 billion, up 78% or almost $2 billion compared to a year ago and up 2% or $102 million sequentially. EBITDA per share was $2.19, up $0.86 or 65% compared to a year ago and up $0.01 from last quarter. To help in your understanding of the moving pieces, I'll bridge Q1 of last year to Q1 this year. GAAP EPS a year ago was $0.41 per share, add $0.02 for acquisition-related expenses incurred in Q1 last year, expect $0.13 for the impact of the higher share count and the higher effective tax rate, subtract $0.07 for higher corporate costs and net interest expenses, subtract $0.05 for the impact of the incremental noncash amortization costs associated with the acquisition. Last, operations added $0.69 per share. That brings us to $0.87 per share and includes the operational impact of the North Africa geopolitical events and weather in North America and Asia-Pacific this quarter. Bridging the sequential quarters, GAAP EPS for Q4 2010 was $0.77 per share. First, add $0.07 per share for acquisition-related costs, net of the gain on investment in Q4 2010. Subtract the impact of the higher relative tax rate, higher share count, interest and corporate expense of $0.02 per share. Subtract $0.04 per share for the impact of higher seasonal export sales in Q4 2010. Last, operations added $0.09 per share, again including the operational impact of the North Africa disruption and weather in other parts of the world, which gets us to $0.87 per share. In table 3 of our earnings release, we provide financial information on a pro forma combined basis with revenue and profit before tax of BJ Services included into the prior period's results to allow meaningful comparison between quarters. From this point on, in the conference call, any comments on revenue, operating profit and operating profit margin refer explicitly to table 3. Revenue in North America was $2.35 billion, up 43% compared to a year ago and up 6% sequentially. North America operating profits were $460 million, up $284 million year-over-year and down $18 million sequentially. North America margins were at 20% compared to 11% a year ago and 22% last quarter. Gulf of Mexico profit was down sequentially, as large orders for completion equipment delivered last quarter did not reoccur this quarter, costing us about 50 basis points in margin. Colder than normal weather also reduced operating profit by nearly 200 basis points. International revenue was $1.9 billion, up 8% compared to a year ago and down 2% compared to the prior quarter. Operating profits were $233 million, up $101 million year-on-year and up $58 million from the prior quarter. International margins were 12.2%, up 319 basis points sequentially, as we continue to progress towards our international operating margin target. Our industrial services and other segment revenue was $270 million, up 9% compared to last year and down 4% compared to last quarter. Operating profit was $14 million, down $4 million compared to a year ago and down $14 million sequentially. First quarter results were impacted by seasonally lower activity for our Pipeline Commissioning business. The operating margin was 5%. Turning to balance sheet. At quarter end, our total debt was $3.8 billion or flat with the prior quarter. Our total debt to capital ratio was 21%. Our capital expenditures were $429 million this quarter. At the end of the quarter, we had $1.4 billion of cash and short-term investments, and we also have $1.7 billion undrawn and available under our committed credit facilities. Now, let me provide you with our updated outlook for the balance of 2011. We now plan interest expense to be between $200 million and $205 million for 2011. Corporate costs are unchanged at $250 million to $260 million. Depreciation and amortization range is unchanged between $1.38 billion and $1.43 billion, and annual capital expenditures of $2.3 billion to $2.7 billion is unchanged. And our tax rate is still expected to be between 36% and 34%. Last, I want to remind you that the Canada breakup will have a very significant impact for us in Q2, given the size of our business there now combined with BJ Services and coming off strong results in Q1 and detrimentals are very high during the breakup. Growth in profit in the rest of the world could offset the decline in Canada. And if that happens, earnings per share should be roughly flat with Q1 2011.  I'll now turn the call over to Martin, who will highlight our geographic results. Martin?
Martin Craighead: Thanks, Peter. Good morning. Let me start with international operations. We had a good quarter despite some extraordinarily hostile market forces, including geopolitical uncertainty in North Africa and the Middle East and abysmal weather in Asia-Pacific. That said, the actions we are taking to improve international margins are evident again in this quarter's results. Turning first to Latin America. Revenue increased 19% year-over-year, but fell 2% sequentially, as increases in the Mexico, Venezuela and Southern Cone geomarkets were not sufficient to offset the lower seasonal sales in the first quarter in the Andean and Brazil geomarkets. Margins improved sequentially as volume growth, incremental cost management and efficiency gains offset seasonally high fourth quarter sales. Operating profit margin is now 13%. Activity in Brazil remains strong. Our teams there continue to push the limits of technology in the pre-salt reservoirs of the Lula field, formerly known as Tupi. For example, we were the first company to kick off in the salt section and successfully drilled the first directional well in the field. This is very important because Brazil's pre-salt reservoirs are unique and that the target reservoir itself lies immediately below the salt section. Therefore, by kicking off and building angle within the salt section, allows for more reservoir to be exposed to the well bore. This was achieved using an advanced directional drilling package. For Brazil's largest independent, we drilled our first 2 wells as part of an integrated operations project with the estimated revenue this year at $60 million.  Turning to the Europe, Africa, Russia Caspian segment, revenue fell 3% sequentially, as revenue increases in Africa and Europe were more than offset by geopolitical disruptions and lower revenue in Libya and seasonally weaker export sales. In the Continental Europe geomarket, increases in the land rig count was supported by rising unconventional gas and geothermal activity in Poland, Turkey and Germany.  As highlighted on our March Analyst Conference, we achieved an exciting technology milestone in the first quarter, installing the GeoFORM, our openhole Conformable Sand Management System offshore Italy with positive feedback from the customer. Drilling activity in the U.K. geomarket slowed this quarter. We saw operational delays caused by higher levels of maintenance and refurbishment of rigs and the associated blowout prevention equipment to meet certification requirements. And given our strong market share position, these impacts were not insignificant to our profitability. For Q2, we expect the weather and rig issues to be behind us, allowing us to execute on recent contract awards. Turning to Norway, we were impacted by the inclement weather and increased pricing pressure from competitive bidding. In Q1, we won a two-year completions contract by a super major valued at more than $200 million as a result of our solid historical performance in countries.  The Russia-Caspian geomarket was flat sequentially through Q1, even against the usual seasonal weather impacts. Our outlook is strong for the remainder of '11, and we expect to realize some pricing improvement, particularly on the D&E product lines going forward. In the first quarter, we won a multimillion dollar integrated operations contract for complete rig management and deployment of our full suite of projects -- or products for an NOC in the Yamal Peninsula.  In Western Siberia, we secured a multiwell project plan for 2011, utilizing an advanced directional drilling package for a leading Russian major. And in offshore Sakhalin, where we have been historically strong in our completions in Pressure Pumping business, we won a 10-well 3-year contract for high-pressure frac-ing and gravel placement services. Turning to Africa, activity is increasing at Sub-Sahara and Eastern Africa, and we see some incremental growth given that oil prices hold. Nigeria looks more secure, as the governor's elections are complete and presidential elections are on the horizon. And from a business perspective, pressure pumping was particularly strong for us in Nigeria this quarter. In North Africa the situation is mixed. Algeria is improving and Tunisia is recovering. However, IOCs remain cautious throughout the area, and Libya is, of course, completely shut down operationally, but fixed costs continue. On a positive note, in Angola we won a 3-year deepwater drilling and evaluation services contract for Block 18 from an IOC, and another IOC has awarded us with a 2-well drilling and evaluation program for Block 16 and Block 23. Turning to the Middle East, Asia-Pac segment. Sequential improvement in the Middle East offset weaker activity in Asia-Pacific, which was exposed to a litany of weather disruptions. The sequential improvement in the Middle East segment was due to production enhancement activities in Iraq, where sales double sequentially, strong wireline in chemical sales in the Gulf geomarket and margin improvement throughout the region. With regards to new rigs coming online in Saudi Arabia and the U.A.E., we fully expect to gain a fair share of the incremental work based on our proven performance in country and solid relationships with the NOCs. A couple of highlights in the quarter. In order to help Saudi Arabia meet domestic gas demand, we deployed an advanced underbalanced Coil Tubing drilling solution to enhance production from existing gas wells. After resolving startup issues, the project has hit its stride and is delivering record results in terms of footage drilled and nonproductive time. Our nonproductive time is now 5% compared to the nearly 18% average of the 5 wells drilled prior to the beginning of our contract. In Iraq, despite slower-than-anticipated drilling activity, we're seeing our completion of Production business flourish. We are deploying all of our C&P product lines on workover rigs and rigless operations with heightened demand for cementing, Coil Tubing, cleanout, openhole case to a wireline services. And recent awards for wireline and a coring tender will further strengthen our position in Iraq. In Asia-Pacific, severe weather disruptions adversely impacted revenue this quarter. And similar to the North Sea deepwater rig issues mentioned earlier, some Asia-Pac rig activity was delayed as operators audited their rigs for safety compliance and kept some in the shipyards for extended repairs. Additionally, we saw the usual seasonal decline in product sales following a strong fourth quarter. So far, in 2011, Asia-Pacific remains a competitive market with limited ability to move prices. On the upside, we are witnessing increased shale drilling activity in China with opportunity for us to leverage our strong North American expertise in unconventional drilling technologies and our completion products portfolio. In the first quarter, in the Southeast Asia geomarket, our Reservoir Development Services group commenced a 15-month development study for an NOC to increase production of oil and gas in a mature field offshore Malaysia. And on the same project, Baker Hughes was awarded with a multimillion dollar production enhancement contract with strong upside potential moving forward. This is a significant award in that the NOC has chosen our reservoir management team to manage the field and make the operational decisions. And while the financial upside is significant, we're really excited about the change this business model represents. In India, we were rewarded a 5-year deepwater integrated operations contract from an NOC. Valued at almost $300 million, we will provide drilling systems, fluids, liner hangers, cementing and mudlogging services. This integrated operations project will position us well for incremental business in shale gas and redevelopment of depleted fields throughout India. Moving to our Industrial Services group. It performed as expected in Q1. This group is comprised of downstream services, Specialty Chemicals and pipeline inspection and commissioning services, all of which were seasonally impacted. Finally, I'll turn to our North America operations. This market remains exceptionally strong for us, void by a rising oil price more than offsetting anemic natural gas prices. Overall spending levels on land have increased, as incremental spending on oil and liquids-rich natural gas plays has offset weakness in dry gas plays. Last Thursday, Baker Hughes announced that the oil rig count has now surpassed the gas rig count in the United States for the first time in 16 years. The foundation of our North American land activity has been the unconventional shales and the corresponding demand for our horizontal drilling, advanced completions and pressure pumping. Weather was a positive for us in Canada, where the drilling season was extended, but a net negative for North America, considering the impact of cold weather on Southern U.S. pressure pumping. In U.S. land our Drilling, Completions, Wireline and Pressure Pumping businesses delivered very strong results this quarter, as we continue to realize market opportunities from our expanded product portfolio. I'd like to highlight a few customer successes in the quarter. Baker Hughes Pressure Pumping continues its pull-through success this time with Cabot Oil & Gas for a multi-well package in the Marcellus Shale with estimated annual revenues of more than $150 million. We secured an incremental contract for drilling services, drilling fluids, completions, wireline and chemicals for this independent operator. Adding to our portfolio of work in the Marcellus, another independent operator has awarded us a 39-well, $140 million contract to perform all of their Marcellus shale work as a complete and full package this year and into next. In the Eagle Ford, we won a contract from an independent operator for total drilling and completion package representing 12 wells and more than $100 million of revenue for 2011. As highlighted at our Analyst Conference, we are aggressively pursuing nanotechnology to help our customers overcome technical challenges in the well bore. In the first quarter, we announced our FracPoint premium system incorporating IN-Tallic balls which decompose in a controlled way during the fracturing process. We've deployed these balls in the Bakken, the Marcellus and the Anadarko Basin. In Canada, we had a very strong quarter driven by oil activity. While total rigs increased 25% year-over-year and 45% from last quarter, the oil rig count in Canada was up 57% year-over-year and up 70% sequentially. In the quarter, we had almost 10 extra revenue days because of the late start to the spring breakup. Shale plays are ramping up in Canada, and our Pressure Pumping business has clearly benefited. In Q1, we installed a complex fracture treatment with OptiPort Coil Tubing deployed frac sleeve technology, which significantly reduced average fracturing time by 45% and reduced fluid usage by 30%. And finally, turning to the Gulf of Mexico, where we have a very strong market position, profitability was sharply down sequentially. The decline was primarily due to the sequential dropoff of completion product sales. And with that, I will turn the call over to Chad.
Chadwick Deaton: All right. Thank you, Martin. Good morning, everyone. Q1 was another good quarter for Baker Hughes. And then closing up this session this morning, I wanted to take a look at some of the major themes that we discussed at our Analyst Conference and see how we progressed during this recent quarter.  First, international margins improved again by over 300 basis points sequentially more than covering the impact of the geopolitical disruptions in North Africa and the weather issues in Asia. We made steady progress towards our goal of exiting 2011 with mid-teen international operating margins. The early focus of our plan to increase international margins was cost management and improving operational efficiency. I want you to keep in mind that during the reorganization, we carried duplicate resources and beginning last fall, we started to bring these back in line. We made significant gains here, as evidenced by our marketing, general and administrative costs, which were 6.2% of revenue in Q1 compared to a 12% a year ago, which is a huge difference. Now with costs in line with our expectations, the focus of our improvement efforts is on continuing to advance operational efficiency. As we move towards the second half of 2011, activity drills becomes a much more important driver of future improvement. And based on what we're seeing on the international front, I'm confident the activity will be there. A second topic we discussed at the conference was that we expected to lead in North American margins through this cycle. Our confidence in the strength of the North American market has continued to increase. Service intensity in the unconventional shales is growing, as we grow longer horizontal wells requiring more frac stages and complex completions.  The addition of FracPoint premium and AutoTrak curve has strengthened what I believe as one of the strongest technology offerings the industry has to address the challenges of the unconventional shales. With our pressure pumping sold out in North America, we expect to accelerate the deployment of new hydraulic fracturing fleets. Our conviction remains strong that supply will not match demand this year.  As a measure of our confidence, we are increasing our annual average U.S. rig count forecast from 1,740 to 1,790 for 2011, and that compares to 1,548 last year. And we are increasing our Canada rig count forecast from 340 to 390, and that compares to 348 last year. The activity increases will self-support higher margins and realize pricing. We also expect the Gulf of Mexico activity to begin a nice build for the rest of the year and support higher margins as well. A third key objective from the conference is that we expect to remain a leader in the offshore markets, both on the shale as well as the deepwater. The permitting of 10 rigs this quarter in the Gulf of Mexico is encouraging. However, we also recognize the 10 deepwater wells recently permitted to be drilled will only be a fraction of the activity levels we saw before the drilling moratorium was announced. This level of activity is insufficient to offset the 380,000 barrel per day or 23% drop in Gulf of Mexico oil production as forecasted by the EIA for the 2012 compared to the 2010 time period. A significant amount of the work has already been contracted for these recent 10 permits, and work for several other permits that are pending have also already been assigned. We've been awarded more than our historical share and look forward to seeing this move past the permit stage and finally turn into some actual contracts and work. So also [ph] we expect to lead the market in competency assurance. Over the last year, we've continued to invest in our training, our safety and our competency assurance programs so that our experienced people are ready to go when the deepwater activity resumes. Our customers have also been busy, auditing our processes and procedures in anticipation of resumption in deepwater drilling activity. I believe that with the combination of our experienced people and our suite of advanced technology and services, we are in a great position as activity starts out. Last and certainly not least was supply chain. We continue to progress with our multiyear supply-chain effort. This quarter's most notable accomplishment was the opening of our new PDC drill bit manufacturing plant in Dhahran, Saudi Arabia. The opening of the plant is another step in moving our supply-chain closer to our customers and markets and diversifying our manufacturing footprint. I was on-hand for the opening of the plant with senior Saudi Aramco officials and they paid us a not-very-nice complement during the ribbon cutting ceremony saying that no company in the last 4 years has introduced more technology into the Kingdom than Baker Hughes. In the following day, they shared the news that Saudi Aramco was ramping up drilling activity from 92 to 118 rigs with an increased focus on oil-producing projects.  We've made some nice progress in these last 4 or 5 years in the kingdom, and with our recent performance, which Martin highlighted earlier, we expect that we will receive our fair share of the incremental activity. And during the same trip to the Middle East, we were told by ADNOC that Abu Dhabi plan to add 16 rigs and several of our clients recently, both the IOCs as well as the NOCs alike have noted the spare production capacity has become stretched and may not prove adequate, given the geopolitical tensions across North Africa and the Middle East. And when you combined that tension with the growing economy and the energy implications of the tragic events in Japan, and we come to the conclusion that exploration, development and production spending will increase, thus, raising our confidence that the second half of 2011 will set the stage for a strong 2012. So Gary, let's open it up for some questions.
Gary Flaharty: All right. Thank you, Chad. At this point, I'll ask Ashley to open the line for your questions. To give everyone a fair chance to ask a question, we ask that you limit yourself to a single question and related follow-up question. Ashley, could we have the first question, please?
Operator: Our first question comes from the line of Kurt Hallead with RBC Capital Markets.
Kurt Hallead - RBC Capital Markets, LLC: Well done on the margin front, congratulations. Now the real work begins. Chad, as you start to embark on hitting that midteens exit rate for next year, you mentioned that you feel very confident in the potential for E&P spending trends to pick up in the second half of the year. And I guess, let me just start by a bigger picture question, is given the fact that we had 90-plus dollar oil for almost a two-year period now and the outlook $400 oil being sustained for quite some time, how come in my mind why hasn't the customer base moved more aggressively to increase spend up to this point?
Chadwick Deaton: Well, I think everybody was sitting back trying to just watch this and see if it was real. You the general economy around the world, Kurt, that was in questions, so I think people were trying to watch which way that would go. I think it required a stimulus or something to kick it off. And I think, clearly, in this case, with Aramco announcing their increase followed very quickly by ADNOC in Abu Dhabi. And also, you've seen Brazil had been quite bullish for the last year. So I think that's what's been the stimulus behind us and kicked everything off.
Kurt Hallead - RBC Capital Markets, LLC: Okay. Then in terms of from a spare key, you mentioned spare capacity on the oil production front. And what about the spare capacity on the oil field services front? Some of the -- your primary competitors here last week discussed the international market is still being extremely competitive from a pricing standpoint. I think Martin highlighted a couple of different areas where that was still the case. At what point do you think oil field service capacity will be sufficiently absorbed and you're being in a position now to have a little bit more pricing power?
Chadwick Deaton: I think by the end of this year, you'll see that. Last quarter, we talked about from an international standpoint, first there, we saw -- starting to get a little bit of tightness on some improvement on pricing was Russia. This quarter, we're starting to see it in the Middle East. We're starting to see a little bit of it in parts of Europe. So I think by the end of the year, services equipment, especially, is going to be tight and know people that will start getting some meaningful price improvement.
Kurt Hallead - RBC Capital Markets, LLC: And then lastly, if I may, your exit rate for 11 once again is midteens on your international margin. Beyond that, where do you think -- where is your expectation and where you think you're taking on national margins in 2012?
Chadwick Deaton: Well, as we said in the conference, we're going to be competitive in 2012. So I think we'll have room to improve on that midteens in 2012.
Kurt Hallead - RBC Capital Markets, LLC: Okay. Chad, thank you.
Chadwick Deaton: You bet.
Operator: And next question comes from the line of Bill Herbert with Simmons & Company.
William Herbert - Simmons: I wanted to delve a little bit into North America for a sec here, Peter, recognizing that indeed we've got breakup in Canada on the one hand. On the other hand, however, you've got more benign weather conditions in lower 48. You've also got a Gulf of Mexico rig count which is up, probably going to be up pretty sharply quarter-on-quarter from the Q1 averages. And also, the March exit rate rig count U.S. land up pretty sharply relative to the Q1 average. So shouldn't U.S. at least offset the profit demise in Canada in Q2, when you roll all those elements up together?
Peter Ragauss: Well, I think it's going to be close, Bill. I mean ,the Canada impact is absolutely huge. We're the biggest service company in Canada now. And it's a big drop, and it happens every Q2 and it only happens -- it's now, the impact is almost twice as big as what it used to be for Baker Hughes. But we do expect U.S. land to spring back to almost offset it, and we do expect the Gulf to come back. So it's going to be a close call. But we still expect revenues to be down sequentially in North America a bit. And whether or not the margins offset that, we'll know more in 3 month's time.
William Herbert - Simmons: Time will tell, right. Remind us what percentage of North American revenues Canada represented in Q1, was it close to 25%?
Peter Ragauss: A little less than 25%
William Herbert - Simmons: Okay, 20% to 25%, thereabouts?
Peter Ragauss: Yes.
William Herbert - Simmons: Okay. Next topic here is with regard to your delivery of new frac capacity, Martin. Are we still at 40,000 horsepower every 6 weeks or has the supply chain improved? And walk us through the sort of leading-edge pricing dynamics on the frac front?
Martin Craighead: Because of our kind of late start, Bill, I have to remind you that really, this management team got involved in a lot of the capital planning in the third quarter of last year, right? And so we came out of the block as fast as we could. Our suppliers are working very closely with us. Your estimate that they were around 40 every 6 weeks is about what we did in the first quarter. We are heavily low backloaded in the second half of this year, and we have full expectation that we'll deliver what we budgeted. But we are backloaded in the second half because of late start. And in terms of pricing, we still see price improvement for incremental placement of equipment. And certainly, we would prefer to have a lot more coming out than we do. But it is what it is on the supply chain, and we just don't see any degrading of the price at this stage.
William Herbert - Simmons: Neither do we. But is it fair to assume that with regard to your backend-loaded capacity delivery that we should be expecting improving net pricing with that equipment as it gets absorbed?
Martin Craighead: Yes, I think that's a good assumption.
William Herbert - Simmons: All right, thanks very much, guys.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Angie Sedita with UBS.
Angeline Sedita - UBS Investment Bank: Good quarter guys.
Chadwick Deaton: Thanks, Angie.
Angeline Sedita - UBS Investment Bank: Chad, under your international margins, obviously, very impressive here in Q1 at 12.2%. And as you've stated, you want to get midteens by the end of the year. Could we be at 15% margins before Q4, potentially Q2 or even Q3 for international?
Chadwick Deaton: December 28, yes. I think a lot of that, Angie, is going to come on the first question from Kurt was on pricing, one where we start seeing some pricing movement. And we keep in mind, when we said the 15%, we want it -- that was our goal we're going to get to without a lot of price influence on that. So whatever we can get on price in Q3, Q4, will help us get there faster.
Angeline Sedita - UBS Investment Bank: And so give us your thoughts on Q2 for international margins?
Chadwick Deaton: I think Q2 will be probably a little bit better than Q1, and we'll see our real benefit coming in Q3, Q4. And again, that comes based off in the volume side more than the price. So that's how we've got it plugged in.
Angeline Sedita - UBS Investment Bank: Right, okay. And then regards to volume versus cost management and improving efficiency, how far along are you on your cost cutting efforts? Is it now 75%, or is it actually still close to the 50%? Where are we on that?
Chadwick Deaton: No, no. We, in fact, we're kind of surprised we did as well as we did in the first quarter on the cost side. We did better that we thought, so I think we're pushing more up onto the 90-plus percent on the cost and that's really pushing the efficiency supply-chain and volume.
Angeline Sedita - UBS Investment Bank: Okay, okay, that's helpful. And then finally, on the Gulf of Mexico, clearly we picked at 33 rigs working before Macondo, and I believe we're at 13 today. Given the time to ramp up activity, what quarter should we begin to see a more meaningful impact on your numbers Q3, Q4? Is it 2012? And also, in Q3 of 2010, we saw a decremental margins of 50% to 60%. Could we see incremental margins ultimately at 50% to 60%?
Chadwick Deaton: Well, first, keep in mind that these 13 rigs are permitted, not necessarily working. So a couple of them have gone back, but we still not seeing all of those permitted rigs to go back. And the second wave of permits that sit out there, an additional 11 permits. Now we're kind of plugging in to hopefully come in sometime Q3, Q4. So total, you've got 20 plus, 21 rigs plus or minus out there. I don't think all of them will be back to drilling by the end of this year just simply because I think there's still going to be some challenges out there and some other things coming. But I think Q2, we're going to see a better Q2 than we saw in Q1. And hopefully, Q3 and Q4 will be building quite rapidly. And with the tightness of equipment, not just us, everybody out there, then yes, I think you'll start seeing some very nice incrementals flowing through, especially on early 2012.
Angeline Sedita - UBS Investment Bank: All right. That match my expectations. Thanks so much, Chad.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Joe Hill with Tudor, Pickering.
Joe Hill - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc.: Great quarter. I was pleased to see both international margin performance and the lack of any unusual items. It was a really clean quarter to go through.
Chadwick Deaton: Thank you.
Joe Hill - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc.: Just kind of getting along some more esoteric lines, it's been about a year since you guys closed the BJ deal. And can you give us an update on how you feel your relative competitiveness is in the integrated ops area a year into BJ at this point and just compare it to where you were a year ago.
Chadwick Deaton: Well, a year ago, we closed it on the international side. And as Martin talked about, only 2 quarters ago, that we're able to close it on the U.S. side. And so I think you have to kind of -- although one may not be considered integrated ops, it definitely requires a lot of the combined services. So internationally, I think we're still doing -- we're doing better in some countries than others when it comes to integrated ops. Martin made a comment about a award in the Yamal Peninsula for a major Russian client that to me is probably one of the biggest single exploration wells I/O type package that I've ever seen being awarded, very complicated. And that was awarded to the entire group for us. You see what's happening in the Coil Tubing drilling project in Saudi Arabia, where we've got the BJ site in there, cementing and Coil Tubing, as well as all the Baker Hughes legacy equipment. We're seeing some good things down in Latin America and the Andean area, where we won several projects there. Martin talked about the project in Malaysia, where we won not only the reservoir evaluation study, but also all the services that are combined with that going forward. So I think we're gaining traction internationally on I/O and then domestically, where it's not really called I/O, again, I think the capital award up in the Marcellus, the other independent that was awarded, the independent down in Eagle Ford, I mean, these are total packages in covering everything from wireline to cementing to pumping, to Coil Tubing. And that was a little bit of combination of legacy Baker Hughes clients awarding the pressure pumping, and in a sense of pressure pumping BJ Legacy clients giving us the rest of the services. So I think we're just really starting to get into our stride.
Joe Hill - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc.: Okay. And then, I noticed you guys have had some placements of the IN-Tallic product and you talked a little bit about OptiPort. Just from a conceptual standpoint, would you have expect the penetration of those products to have an impact on Coil Tubing demand in the lower 48?
Chadwick Deaton: Well, a lot of the OptiPort is more Canadian than it is lower 48. There's very little of that done in the lower 48. So I think it would be more a question of what could happen in Canada site. And as the IN-Tallic balls come on, clearly, once you get to the point where dissolving or decomposing the ball and eventually the inserts or the seats and taking those chokes out of there is a pretty efficient system.
Joe Hill - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc.: Okay. So there would be less requirement for standby coil at that point?
Chadwick Deaton: Possibly, yes. But we're sold out of coil tubing units, so we can put them to work elsewhere.
Joe Hill - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc.: Okay. That's good to hear. And finally, it looks like you've broken a little bit of the log jam in Angola with some contracts wins. Could we expect to see more activity there for you guys going forward?
Chadwick Deaton: Let's be patient here. These were -- there's a couple of nice wins, they were small, but it's a step in the right direction. As Martin said. It's going the right way. So I wouldn't count on Angola being a big 2011 play for us right now.
Joe Hill - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc.: Okay, fair enough. That does it for me. Thanks.
Peter Ragauss: Thanks, Joe.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Michael LaMotte with Guggenheim Partners.
Michael LaMotte - Guggenheim Securities, LLC: Martin, if I could just follow up with you quickly on the U.S. and some cleanups on pressure pumping, where do we stand, vis-a-vis 24/7 operations?
Martin Craighead: Well, that's a good question, and I expected that. We're not where we want to be. And again, it's a capacity-constrained. It's a opportunity-rich. Several of our bases are running 24 hours, but not very many. And it's really a question of staffing at this stage. We're ramping up as quickly as we can, the market opportunities there, the customers are willing, but we're probably -- I don't know, maybe 10% to 20% of our fleet is able to accomplish that at this stage.
Michael LaMotte - Guggenheim Securities, LLC: Okay, and in terms of the headcount, if I think about moving towards 24/7 and adding as much horsepower as you are over the next 3 quarters, are you seeing any challenges or difficulties on the hiring front and any wage pressure that we should be mindful of?
Martin Craighead: Well, I think, yes. I think that's a reality is that there is wage inflation. But we're -- as we said later we're able to get that back in the pricing. It's really the attraction of the talent. And we're all out there hiring as vigorously as we can, Michael. But yes, it's staffing these and staffing them right, that's the challenge. And we're all faced with it.
Michael LaMotte - Guggenheim Securities, LLC: And what's the sort of nonproductive time on a new recruit? How long does it take to get them generating revenue?
Martin Craighead: Well, it depends on the individual, of course. On the engineering front, it could be pushing close to 9 months to a year. And then on the, let's say, the more conventional labor, it's probably 60 days.
Michael LaMotte - Guggenheim Securities, LLC: Okay. Great. Thanks, Martin.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Stephen Gengaro with Jefferies & Company.
Stephen Gengaro - Jefferies & Company, Inc.: Back to the international margin question, when you -- sort of laid out the plan looking at your goals your, what, 700 basis points through your 1,000 basis points of margin improvement already. And my sense from conversations at your conference was the supply-chain was really going to kick in the second half of the year. I guess 2 parts of the question. 1, are you surprised internally how good the quarter that you just reported was? And B, if you were, how should we think about maybe the upside to those targets?
Chadwick Deaton: Well, I wouldn't say that we were shocked at how good the quarter was. I made the comment, I think we were pleased that our cost control was a little better than what we anticipated, which was a nice benefit. But I think we had said in the last call that we felt that first quarter was going to be an improvement in the step and I think we even said in the last call that Q2 was probably not going to be the next inflection point. A little bit of improvement. We would really see that next inflection point from Q3 to Q4. So yes, we're happy with the quarter, especially in the cost front. I think our supply chain has not changed. I'll let Martin commented on this it's worth seeing. I think the supply chain is doing what we anticipate, I think every service company out there right now is probably pretty stretched and working hard. But we expect the benefits to really start showing up in Q3 Q4 on the supply-chain side. Martin, do you want to make a comment?
Martin Craighead: Yes, Steven. On the supply chain, it gets back to the whole reorganization that we triggered 2 years ago next month. We wouldn't have the capability to do any of what we're doing on the supply-chain had we not made that reorganization. And yet, this is probably not the market environment you want to be rewiring your entire supply chain in terms of the buoyancy we see in the market. But we are in a state of flux. And I'm real happy with the job that our people are doing out there on the manufacturing front, the logistics front, the sourcing front to keep us where we are. And your comment about this thing being more backloaded in the second half and into '12 is right. But we're on schedule on the supply-chain side. And in terms of your comment about were we surprised, I'll follow-up on Chad. No. I mean, this is why we pulled the trigger 2 years ago was to get closer to our customer, to have an integrated approach in solving their problems. And we told you -- told everybody at the Analyst Conference that the reorganization is done, and we're executing on what we've committed to. So this is what we expected to make happen. And We still see a lot more coming.
Stephen Gengaro - Jefferies & Company, Inc.: Yes, directionally, we weren't surprised. The magnitude is what we were surprised by. When you look at the 3 sort of geographic regions internationally, is there any commentary you can give us as far as how they -- any materially better or worse than the others as we move through the rest of the year, as far progress?
Chadwick Deaton: Well, I think you will see continued improvement in the Middle East. The Middle East came back strongly in the Q1. Asia had its challenges, which we've heard from everybody as reported before, regarding weather and everything. And wages probably a tougher pricing front right now than about anywhere internationally we have. I think Middle East is going to do well. I think we've turned the corner, knock on wood, in Africa, where we've taken it back from where it was hurting us on the negative side to contributing. I think Latin America in the second half will continue to improve. And then Europe will do better in the second half. So I think with the exception of Asia right now, everyone is going in the right direction. And Asia, by the end of the year, I think you'll see with the tightness of equipment and people and etc cetera you'll start seeing that improvement in Asia.
Stephen Gengaro - Jefferies & Company, Inc.: Great. Thank you.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Ole Slorer with Morgan Stanley.
Ole Slorer - Morgan Stanley: Back to the rather impressive international margin expansion, so is it a bit fair to say that --because this is also volume driven given that your sequential revenue was down very modestly, was this then all to do with costs and your system is it now fully in place, there's no more incrementally to be collected there in the second quarter, is that the way to understand it?
Chadwick Deaton: I think you're pretty close to that. There won't be a lot of incremental on the cost side to collect in the second quarter, correct.
Ole Slorer - Morgan Stanley: And was there, I mean, you had Latin America sequentials up 440 basis points, Europe up from just under 400, Middle East, Asia, 106. Some very impressive numbers there. Was there anything that was a one-off or kind of light on startup costs that will come back in the second quarter? Was there any kind -- anything unusual that will swing the other way? Did you borrow anything from the second quarter anywhere?
Chadwick Deaton: No, I think the big one, and Peter already hit it, the big one is Canada and...
Ole Slorer - Morgan Stanley: Talking international first.
Chadwick Deaton: I considered Canada kind of international.
Ole Slorer - Morgan Stanley: North America, okay. Not in North America.
Chadwick Deaton: No. We didn't have anything that was big on ramp up. I mean, I think what also probably helped us quite a bit we did have a lot of costs when we moved in the Coil Tubing drilling units into Saudi. These were 2 big investments to get in there, and that's done. They're up and running and doing extremely well right now and contributing. Iraq, we had some startup costs last year but a lot of what we're doing on Iraq is more on the workover, and we may have some things depending on awards coming forward, that will lower [ph] the debt, probably more of a Q3 event. So no, I don't think there was anything that was one-off. Martin, do you have...
Martin Craighead: Ole, I'd say to your comment on Latin America, Mexico was a real problem for us in the latter part of last year and stabilizing that patient helped a lot this quarter.
Ole Slorer - Morgan Stanley: And looking forward into the next quarter, Martin. Is there anything that you see that will be a lumpy startup or some other unusual item that sequentially could depress margins in any region?
Martin Craighead: None come to mind. But this business, given the scale and the scope of where all the places we are, it's possible. But I honestly, nothing comes to mind at this stage.
Chadwick Deaton: The only area could be Russia on a couple I/O type projects we've been awarded. But I don't think they will be huge following.
Ole Slorer - Morgan Stanley: Okay. So turning back to North America, you highlighted that just under 25% of your sales in Canada in terms of benefits from a seasonally very strong market. Yet, at 19.6% margin, you came in 400, 500 basis points maybe below the benchmark amongst the large-cap peers that you have and the pure play pressure pumping rental tool companies they are looking at margin in the high 20s. So does that then suggest that your U.S. business is significantly underperforming. And to what -- is that just a matter of having old equipment and that will improve as you get new equipment? Or is there something else that underlying should improve rapidly, more rapidly?
Chadwick Deaton: I think there's a couple things there, Ole. One is weather clearly hurt us. We were just sold-out specially in the pressure pumping area. When it came back, we weren't able to make up that difference for the couple of weeks that we lost. So that was -- it was a big one. The other one is keep in mind, one of the things we said is we wanted to have leading margins through the cycle. And part of that will mean -- because of our -- we got a significant part of our North American revenue that does come from the production side, the ESPs and the chemicals. And those will never -- you'll never see the margin improvement because the rig count goes up quickly on those 2 areas. So -- but I think also you'll see U.S. land bounce back very nicely in Q2 with much stronger margins, which will put us more back in that hunt. If you break it out on D&E versus -- and pressure pumping versus production-type chemicals, ESPs, et cetera, our directional, our drilling, our logging, our pressure pumping margins, I think are as strong as anybody's so.
Ole Slorer - Morgan Stanley: So the momentum going into the second half of the year is going to be on the D&E and on production side on the ESPs, is that sort of the next leg to the story of margin in North America?
Chadwick Deaton: Well I think when you see the next point of leading through the cycle is when you see that -- eventually, if the rig count goes down or pressure pumping becomes very competitive and the chemical and ESP side of the business will stay very strong, and it will help us hold our margins better than perhaps some of the pure play pressure pumping companies and others.
Ole Slorer - Morgan Stanley: Okay, well, thank you very much. It looks like you guys are in excellent shape.
Chadwick Deaton: All right, thanks, Ole.
Peter Ragauss: Thanks, Ole.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Matt Conlan with Wells Fargo Securities.
Matthew Conlan - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC: Ole touched on what I was looking for as well on North America. So you're saying that the margin underperformance versus your competitors is mostly a mix issue on your total product lines?
Chadwick Deaton: Yes. I think it is a mix issue. I don't think it's a 1 quarter mix issue, I think it's a mix issue in the North American business.
Matthew Conlan - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC: Okay. And within that mix are the Canadian operation, which are stronger than we could have expected going in, are they inherently lower margin than the U.S. business at this point in the cycle?
Chadwick Deaton: No, not necessarily. I think Canadian also has a huge chemical ESP side of its business, with all the heavy oil and tar sands and other things up in the mining area.
Matthew Conlan - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC: So that's kind of disproportionate on the mix issue.
Chadwick Deaton: Yes, that's fair to say.
Matthew Conlan - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC: Okay, and quickly just on Mexico, you said it's stabilized there. But within that stabilization, was it a little bit worse or a little bit better than last quarter?
Martin Craighead: Better.
Matthew Conlan - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC: Okay, terrific. Thank you very much.
Martin Craighead: You're welcome.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Doug Becker with Bank of America.
Douglas Becker - BofA Merrill Lynch: Thanks. Chad and Martin, you've highlight the unconventional opportunity in the international markets, I guess specifically Europe and China. It seems like that type of activity is picking up a little bit faster than we would've expected. Could you just talk about the current size of that market for Baker and just maybe the potential, say, 2 or 3 years from now? When does that become an important driver of results?
Chadwick Deaton: Well, all in all, it's very small part of our business now, but I think you hit it on the head. In time, it's going to be a significant player. But I think you got to look at it by region. For instance, I think Eastern Europe is going to -- it will have some logistic issues and challenges in order to get its shale-type plays put together. It's going to take some time, quite a bit of time, I think, to develop that. Right now, it's mainly in clients trying to understand exactly what they have, do some drilling, some vertical drillings, some basic fracs and things to try to see what's there. China is probably going to be the area that takes off, with the Chinese demand and thirst for energy, and you know that they will not have a problem running pipelines across the country wherever else in order to transport this gas. We've been quite successful in China on our unconventionals. We recently by a major Chinese oil company there, we're awarded 2 big fields for their high-end technology support services, anything that has to do with things like premium FracPoint and so on in the horizontal drilling and the completions. If it becomes complicated, then we get called in. So we like our position in China. I think the other interesting area is Argentina, where there seems to be a lot of push right now. The other area still sits in the Middle East, where Saudi Aramco's got -- going to be looking at 6 different areas or 6 rigs to look at shale gas in the Kingdom. And I just got back from Oman meeting with the minister of petroleum there and they talked about their oil shale potential that they have, that they're looking at developing. So it's starting to take off internationally just like it did about 4 years ago for the gas side in the U.S. and now we're starting to see some of the oil interest international.
Martin Craighead: Hey, Doug, this is Martin. Let me just follow-up on Chad's comment about infrastructure. Recently we were in discussion with the pretty big operator in Argentina. And to spec out of a job, so it ever occurs say of which typically in Eagle Ford, it would've taken all of our horsepower and our 2 big competitors on the location together. And that's the limitation that's out there on some of this frac capacity. So the opportunities there, but I think we're talking years of evolution for it to get meaningful.
Douglas Becker - BofA Merrill Lynch: I mean, that said, say in 3 years, could it be something you start seeing show up in numbers?
Chadwick Deaton: That's still too short time period.
Martin Craighead: Well, I think every number is important, right? Every dollar we make. Is it going to show up? You bet. But is it going to become something that's, again, like North America? No, not for a couple of years. I don't think.
Douglas Becker - BofA Merrill Lynch: Okay. And then just a quick one on the U.K. North Sea. The North Sea has generally been a strong market for Baker Hughes. The tax increases got a lot of attention. You said something expect to have an impact on your business?
Chadwick Deaton: Our guide say they don't think that'll have of an impact until 2012. So we're not worried about it in 2011.
Peter Ragauss: But it will have an impact in 2012.
Douglas Becker - BofA Merrill Lynch: Fair enough. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Brad Handler with Credit Suisse.
Brad Handler - Crdit Suisse AG: Thanks. Maybe I can draw you out, please, on the Eastern Hemisphere revenue side. The revenue number was stronger than we were looking at. You mentioned Iraq progress. But nevertheless, if I think about that kind of in the context of your 2, or just sort of your 2 big competitors, it really was a lot stronger. So were there's some areas that you can help us out with and also show some nice sequential revenue progression in the Eastern Hemisphere?
Chadwick Deaton: Yes. I think a couple come to mind. Abu Dhabi, Saudi, Russia did a little better than I think we were expecting for the quarter, revenue. What else? Martin do you think of any off the top of your head? The Eastern hemisphere, obviously, if you throw in Latin America, Brazil...
Martin Craighead: Central Europe and Brazil did well. Central Europe was normal.
Chadwick Deaton: Yes. Central Europe was up. And I think. I just don't think we were hit as hard in Asia perhaps as some of the competitors in Australia, so that probably helped us.
Brad Handler - Crdit Suisse AG: Right, that makes sense. Was the sequential -- the year-end sort of the completion in wireline sales that you've historically enjoy in the fourth quarter, was that down, dip a little smaller than it has been in some years?
Chadwick Deaton: Well, we haven't sold a lot of wireline equipment so for several years now. We stop that quite a while ago...
Martin Craighead: There is no wireline sales...
Chadwick Deaton: That's not something that has affected us for several years.
Martin Craighead: A fairly completion to artificial load.
Brad Handler - Crdit Suisse AG: Got you. Okay. All right. That's helpful. An unrelated follow-up, please? Can you speak to some of the pricing progression in the North American market away from pressure pumping? Some of your peers have been talking about a bit of a broadening, if you will, getting some pricing and some other product lines. I just appreciate your comments on that.
Chadwick Deaton: Yes, we've seen some price improvement in completions, especially in the premium-type FracPoint extended the reach on longer well completions. Billing services, directional and MWD and LWD have seen improvement. We've seen some in Drilling Fluids, a little bit in chemicals and ESPs and bits in the wireline side has basically been flat this last quarter. So we're seeing a trend in almost all the product lines seen a little improvement.
Brad Handler - Crdit Suisse AG: Bits are getting some improvement, wireline is flat. Did I get that?
Chadwick Deaton: Yes. Bits, it's basically flat in Q1. We didn't see much price improvement in bits. And keep in mind, the shale drilling is not as good for the Bit business as perhaps some vertical or classic sands or other type areas. So you don't do as well on shales and bits as you do in other areas.
Brad Handler - Crdit Suisse AG: Sure. That make sense. But just for perspective, and how -- so you saw some pricing in Q1, were you also seeing some pricing in Q4 or does this market have a bit of an inflection in some of those other products, like the drilling service products you just mentioned in fluids?
Chadwick Deaton: We saw some pricing in Q4 in drilling services. I think we're seeing a little bit -- in Q1, we were seeing some changes in Drilling Fluids and ESPs chemical side.
Brad Handler - Crdit Suisse AG: Okay. Got it. Thank you. And then as you think about kind of where things are headed, do you see the tightness continuing in those across these service lines, pricing potential still pretty good, you think?
Chadwick Deaton: Well, I do, and I think in a couple of areas, we're going to have to have it. For instance, in chemicals, a lot of our feedstock and a lot of our raw materials on chemical side are hydrocarbon related. So some of our customers are also our suppliers. And they are not shy in terms of cranking up their price to us right now in the chemical side. So we're going to have to -- we've got some inflation happening out. We're going to have to pass on. But yes, I think we'll see some price improvement there.
Brad Handler - Crdit Suisse AG: Okay, got it. Thanks for the answers, gentlemen.
Gary Flaharty: All right, thanks, Brad. And since we've reached the bottom of the hour. We need to be respectful of other people that have conference call schedule. We'll go ahead and call the Q&A at this point. So thank you Brad and also thank you Chad, Martin and Peter. I want to thank everyone, all of our participants this morning for your time and your very thoughtful questions. Following the conclusion of today's call, Alexey and I will be available to answer any additional questions you have. So once again, thank you for your participation. Ashley?
Operator: Thank you for participating in today's Baker Hughes Incorporated Conference Call. This call will be available for replay beginning at 8:30 a.m. Eastern, 7:30 a.m. Central and will be available through 10:00 p.m. Eastern time on Wednesday, May 11, 2011. The conference ID number for the replay is 45880129. The number to dial for the replay is (800) 642-1687 in the U.S. or (706) 645-9291 international. You may now disconnect.

===== 2010 Q4  (2011-01-25 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Martin Craighead - President and Chief Operating Officer Peter Ragauss - Chief Financial Officer and Senior Vice President Chadwick Deaton - Executive Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of Executive Committee Gary Flaharty - Vice President of Investor Relations
Analysts: David Anderson - Palo Alto Investors Kurt Hallead - RBC Capital Markets, LLC William Herbert - Simmons Joe Hill - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc. Robin Shoemaker - Citigroup Inc Scott Gruber - Bernstein Research Daniel Boyd - Goldman Sachs Group Inc. Ole Slorer - Morgan Stanley
Operator: Good morning. My name is Thia, and I will be the conference facilitator. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Baker Hughes Fourth Quarter 2010 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] I will now turn the conference over to Mr. Gary Flaharty, Vice President of Investor Relations. Sir, you may proceed.
Gary Flaharty: :   All right, thank you, Thia. Good morning, everyone. Welcome to the Baker Hughes Fourth Quarter 2010 Earnings Conference Call. Here with me this morning are Chad Deaton, Baker Hughes' Chief Executive Officer and Chairman; Martin Craighead, President and Chief Operating Officer; and Peter Ragauss, Baker Hughes' Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Following management's comments this morning, we'll open the lines for your questions.  Reconciliation of operating profits and non-GAAP measures to GAAP results for historic periods can be found on our website at www.bakerhughes.com in the Investor Relations section under Financial Information. Finally, I would caution you this morning that any company outlooks discussed are subject to various risk factors. We'll try to highlight these factors as we make these forward-looking statements. However, the format of the call does prevent a thorough discussion of these risk factors. For a full discussion of these factors, please refer to our annual report, 10-K, 10-Q, and in particular, the forward-looking disclosure in this morning's news release.  With that, I'll conclude our discussion of the administrative details and turn the call over to Peter Ragauss. Peter?
Peter Ragauss: :  Thanks, Gary. Good morning. This morning, we reported net income on a GAAP basis of $335 million or $0.77 per share. There are some adjustments that should be made to better compare our results to first call estimates. First, we have incurred $56 million in acquisition-related costs this quarter. Net of taxes is $37 million or about $0.08 per share. Second, we also had a gain on investment of $6 million or $0.01 a share to another direction. So adjusting to these factors, the EPS that is more comparable to first call estimates was $0.84 per share. Revenue was $4.4 billion, up 82% or up almost $2 billion compared to a year ago and up 8% or $345 million sequentially. And EBITDA per share was $2.18, up $1.07 or 96% compared to a year ago, and up $0.54 or 33% from last quarter. To help in your understanding of the moving pieces, I'll bridge Q4 '09 EPS to Q4 '10 EPS. GAAP EPS for Q4 '09 was $0.27 per share. Subtract a $0.01 for a gain on investment in the year-ago quarter, subtract $0.08 for the impact of the higher share count a and higher effective tax rate, subtract $0.03 for higher net interest costs, subtract $0.05 for the impact of the incremental amortization costs associated with the acquisition and add $0.02 for lower corporate expenses. Operations added $0.72 per share. That brings us to $0.84 EPS per share. Last, subtract $0.08 per share for the impact of the acquisition-related cost, and add the $0.01 gained on investment this quarter to get to the GAAP number of $0.77 per share.  Bridging the sequential quarters, GAAP EPS for Q3 2010 was $0.59 per share. Subtract the impact of the higher relative tax rate of $0.02 per share, subtract $0.03 per share for higher net interest and corporate expenses. Operations added $0.30 per share, which gets us to $0.84 per share. Again, subtract the $0.08 for the impact of acquisition-related costs and add the $0.01 of gain on investment to get to the GAAP EPS of $0.77 per share. In Table 3 of our earnings release, we provide financial information on a pro forma combined basis with revenue and profit before tax of BJ Services, included into the prior-period's results to allow meaningful comparisons between quarters. This schedule is available on our website. From this point on in the conference call, any comments on revenue, operating profit and operating profit margin refer explicitly to Table 3. Revenue in North America was $2.2 billion, up 69% compared to a year ago and up 10% sequentially. North America operating profits were $478 million, up $434 million year-over-year and up $138 million sequentially. North America margins were at 22%, up almost 500 basis points sequentially and delivered 68% incremental margin. We saw a strong sequential improvement in all three geo markets: Canada; U.S. land and the Gulf of Mexico.  International revenue was $1.9 billion, up 7% compared to a year ago, and up 8% compared to the prior quarter. PBT was $175 million, down $38 million year-on-year and up $80 million from the prior quarter. PBT margin was 9%, up 375 basis points sequentially, and incremental margins were 58% sequentially. Fourth quarter international results were boosted by seasonally higher than normal product sales of about $70 million. Our Industrial Services and Other segment revenue was $281 million, up 15% compared to last year and up 1% compared to the prior quarter. Operating profit was $28 million, up $1 million compared to a year ago and down $8 million sequentially due to the seasonally lower activity in our pipeline commissioning business. PBT margin was 10%.  Turning to the balance sheet. At quarter end, our total debt was $3.9 billion or flat to the prior quarter. Our capital expenditures were $486 million this quarter, bringing the total for the year to $1.5 billion. At the end of the quarter, we have $1.7 billion of cash and short-term investments. We also have $1.7 billion undrawn and available under our committed credit facilities. Debt-to-capital ratio was 21%, our net debt was $2.2 billion and our net debt capital ratio was 13%. Last, let me provide you with some outlook for 2011. We plan interest expense to be between $195 million and $200 million for 2011, corporate cost between $250 million and $260 million; depreciation and amortization, that will be about $1.4 billion, give or take; annual capital expenditures of $2.3 billion to $2.7 billion; and our tax rate is expected to be between 36% and 34%, higher in the beginning of the year and lower towards the end of the year. I'll now turn the call over to Martin who will highlight our geographic results. Martin?
Martin Craighead: :   Thanks, Peter, and good morning. Let me start with North America which had an outstanding quarter across all the geo markets. The story for North America land centers on the unconventional reservoirs and the use of horizontal drilling, advanced completions and pressure pumping to access the reserves. Baker Hughes is a leader in these products and services. Beginning last September, when BJ's U.S. operations were formally merged with ours, we moved with agility to leverage the strengths of the legacy Baker Hughes product lines with the newly acquired capabilities of BJ Services.  For example, in the Bakken shale, the newly combined organization worked together to win an award. From a U.S.-independent to drilling-complete multiple wells, they're expected to have 30 fracs stages each, highlighting the continuing increase in service intensity we are experiencing. We're providing the drilling services, drill bits, fluids, wire line, completions, cementing and pressure pumping services. In the Pinedale anticline in Wyoming, we were awarded logging, stimulation, completions, perforating and pressure pumping for wells with 11 frac stages each. Further south in the Eagle Ford, we were awarded stimulation services, coil tubing and wire line services on wells being drilled by an independent that are expected to have 25 frac stages each. And in Canada, work in the primarily oil focused unconventional shale place also contributed to our North America performance. In addition to the unconventional shales, we are also an active player in the oil sands, where we provide drilling services, completion, equipment, and of course, chemicals and artificial lift. Recently, our new ESPs have set performance records for continuous operations. In the Alberta oil sands, our extreme temperature ESP systems set a record run life in a SAGD application of more than 800 days of continuous operation in one of the harshest ESP environments imaginable. In addition, 17 centigrade ultra temperature ESP systems were installed and now have more than 2500 days of operation.  In Canada, we are also leaders in developing coalbed methane reservoirs. We recently signed an agreement with EnCana for the exclusive use of our 4 3/4 inch true track on a project encompassing 1,200 new wells over the next year and a half.  Turning to the Gulf of Mexico. Revenue and profit improved sequentially. Given the difficulty of permitting new wells in both the deep water and the shelf, operators are focusing on workovers as a way to battle production declines and workovers are an underlying strength of our Gulf of Mexico operations. Demand for the stimulation vessels has been strong and future demand for the Blue Dolphin and the Blue Tarpon is also strong. These two state-of-the-art vessels are capable of supplying 2.75 million pounds of sand each, and this is 50% more than any other Gulf of Mexico supplier. As such, we recently signed an agreement to provide deepwater pressure pumping services for an IOC for the next four years. We've also been awarded single-trip, multi-zone frac completion systems for up to 16 wells by an NOC operating in the Gulf of Mexico. These new systems, which can reduce completion times by as much as three weeks, will be used on wells drilled in 8,000 to 9,000 feet of water to a depth of approximately 30,000 feet. And the operator's planning frac-ing these wells three to five zones each. Last, we continue to gain share in the high-pressure, high-temperature lower tertiary segment of the shelf that we've highlighted to you in previous calls. The bottom-hole environment can exceed 450 degrees and 30,000 pounds of pressure. This is probably one of the most hostile fields being explored anywhere in the world today. So overall, our competitive position in the Gulf of Mexico has never been stronger.  Now turning to our international operations. I'm pleased to report that our international operations had a much improved quarter compared to Q3. As Peter mentioned, fourth quarter results were aided by seasonally strong products sales to export markets that were about $70 million above trend in the fourth quarter. As is the usual seasonal pattern, first quarter 2011 sales are therefore expected to be about $70 million below Q4. Last quarter, we indicated that we have taken action to reduce redundant support costs that resulted from our reorganization. We said the benefit should be visible in our fourth quarter results and they are.  Turning to Latin America. We are continuing to see strong market growth in the Andean geo market, which includes Colombia, Ecuador and Peru. This geo market continues to be a strong performer and is benefiting from a wide mix of customers and the growing diversity of our product and service sales in the region. The Southern Cone geo market consists of Argentina, Bolivia and Chile.  In Bolivia in the quarter, we have installed the first level 4 multilateral combined with an intelligent well system in the San Alberto gas field. Installed at a depth in excess of 14,000 feet, it's the deepest, highest pressure, highest temperature level 4 multilateral installed anywhere in the world. The system will allow the operator to selectively produce gas in either of two reservoir penetrations. The Brazil geo market continues to grow as Petrobras expands its deep water drilling fleet. We expect Petrobras to add eight rigs in 2011 and another seven or eight in 2012. And IOCs, we'll add about three rigs in 2011. In the fourth quarter, we celebrated two major milestones. We now have drilled more than 2 million feet in Brazil, mostly in water depths exceeding 1,000 feet, and 1 million of that footage was drilled with the AutoTrak series of rotary steerables. In a little more than four years, we've grown from supporting two simultaneous directional drilling jobs offshore Brazil to supporting 22 today.  One of our most recent successes as well was in the fluids environmental services product line where we were recently awarded the installation of complete cuttings handling and drying systems for seven rigs scheduled to be delivered to Brazil. Once the installations are completed, the number of deepwater rigs serviced by our Fluids Environmental Services will increase to 34. Coupled with BJ's three pressure pumping vessels currently operating in Brazil, Baker Hughes is positioned in the market with a scale and a scope required to be a leading supplier for Petrobras. Now turning to the Europe, Africa, Russia Caspian segment. The Europe region continues to deliver outstanding commercial and technical results. In the fourth quarter 2010, Europe posted the strongest increase in margins in the segment. Activity returned to normal levels in the Norway geo market, and we saw share gains in the Continental Europe geo market. Wireline completions, artificial lift and chemicals were all strong in the quarter.  We've had success introducing new technologies in the Continental Europe geo market. For example, we introduced AutoTrak V into Poland, where we are drilling two 18,000-foot exploration wells. AutoTrak V is our most advanced tool for drilling vertical wells and maintaining directional control.  Profitability improved in the Russia Caspian geo market, although we did not experience the usual year-end seasonal increase in product sales. The Russia Caspian geo market was recently awarded contracts for the giant South Yoletan field in Turkmenistan. This is an HPHT reservoir with high concentrations of H2S, making it not only one of the largest gas fields in the world, but also one of the most extreme for drilling and completion. We are providing cementing services, liner hangers, completion systems, drill bits and advanced wireline to our customer who expects to drill up to 25 wells over the next three years. The profit margin did not improve in our Africa region. However, we do expect margin improvements as we move into the first quarter.  I'd like to turn to the Middle East, Asia Pacific segment. In the Middle East region, directional drilling, drilling fluids, artificial lift and seasonal oil field chemical sales led the sequential growth in revenue. In the Saudi Arabia, Bahrain geo market, our coil tubing integrated operations project is well underway, operating with two rigs. The project's scope includes rig in camp management, the under balanced package, all drilling services, completions and bits. And we're now packaging our Microwash remediation fluid with BJ Coil Tubing Services. The Microwash treatment cleans the screens used in the completions of a large number of wells in Saudi Arabia. And BJ Coil Tubing Services now provides a rigorous way to deliver the treatment. In some cases, production is doubled from the treated wells.  We also introduced a new product in the fourth quarter in Saudi Arabia designed to maximize production from the smaller coil tubing drilled laterals. The Ultra-Slim Equalizer has the same proven functionality as the largest sized equalizer, but can be deployed in the smaller laterals.  Last, we recently successfully completed a formation fluid sampling job from a well and some sections contains as much as 30% H2S. We used a special adaption of our reservoir characterization instrument or RCI to gather the samples in this hostile environment. Turning to Asia Pacific. While overall activity in the region has been flat, we did see revenue growth and margin expansion in the region. Winter came a bit later to Bohai Bay which helps bolster directional drilling revenue in the quarter. The region remains very competitive. However, we see evidence in tender wins that the geo market approach is making a difference, and many of these are noted in the news release. We were awarded two drilling and evaluation services projects by IOCs conducting ultra-deep water operations in the market, as well as an award from a third IOC for ultra-HPHT drilling fluids and FES [fluid environmental services] work. The work is challenging. For example, in the Malaysia geo market, the wells to be drilled are 15,000 foot deep, and we expect bottom-hole temperatures to exceed 500 degrees Fahrenheit.  In the North Asia geo market. An IOC awarded Baker Hughes directional drilling an LWD [logging-while-drilling], bits, fishing and milling, liner hangers, drilling fluids and drilling waste management services for a major portion of a 30-well campaign. And again, our experience in sour gas reservoirs was a key determinant in the award. Last, I want to make a few comments on our Industrial Services segment. Historically, the second and third quarters are the strongest for the pipeline commissioning and crop protection business, which are usually slower in the winter months, leading to a relatively flat Q4. Cold weather is helping sales to the refinery segment and the pipeline inspection business, and our polymers business does remain very strong.  With that, I'll turn the call back over to Chad.
Chadwick Deaton: :   All right. Thank you, Martin. Good morning, everyone. It was a very good quarter for Baker Hughes.  North America margins increased almost 500 basis points, and we had good revenue growth as the company responded to its strong unconventional shale market. International margins improved 375 basis points on strong sequential revenue growth, and clearly benefited from the emphasis on cost control and our focus on improving international margins.  Reflecting on this quarter and looking forward, first, in North America on land. Activity in the unconventional shales remain strong. Horizontal drilling which now accounts for 57% of the U.S. rig count, accounted for a little less than a third of the rig count at the peak of the last cycle only 28 months ago. In absolute numbers, it is 52% higher today than it was in September 2008. In recent weeks, horizontal drilling has held up well. We are seeing the shift from dry gas to wetter gas and to crude oil plays. As a result, gas-directed horizontal drilling fell 4%, and oil-directed horizontal drilling increased 30%. All in all, since the end of the third quarter, horizontal drilling has increased overall 6%. And importantly, the service intensity has also continued to increase. We're seeing both longer horizontals and tighter spacing between frac stages resulting in more stages and therefore, higher demand for hydraulic fracturing.  So far, the industry has been unable to keep up. Depending on the basin, pressure pumping capacity remains tight with backlogs stable at anywhere from 90 to 180 days and therefore, supporting higher prices. Completions in directional drilling equipment and services are also in short supply and are realizing price increasing as well. The supply chain for new equipment is stretched. In fact, we question the ability of the industry to grow pressure pumping capacity faster than demand in most of the scenarios we see for 2011.  As Martin illustrated with his examples, we're performing well in this environment, leveraging our leadership in directional drilling, completions and pressure pumping. In the last couple of quarters, usually pressure pumping has pulled through perf rating completions or directional drilling. However, in some cases in this last quarter, directional drilling was pulling through pressure pumping. As upbeat as this sounds, we do have one eye on the market, and we continue to watch gas prices carefully. Overall, we expect the U.S. to average 1,740 rigs in 2011. And for Canada to average about 340 rigs. This represents a full year on full year change of plus 12% for the U.S. and flat to slightly down for Canada. This forecast does include some growth in the Gulf of Mexico although few permits have been issued to date. Recently, the National Commission on Deepwater and Offshore Drilling made its final report. Among other changes, it is calling for a safety institute, which would be independent of the government but supported by the industry. The Department of the Interior and the DOEM on the other hand seems to be calling for more government control. Now regardless of who does the regulating, offshore operations will be more closely regulated in the future, and some things clearly stand out. Training and certification of offshore workers have the requisite skill levels will undergo increased scrutiny. Laboratory testing will be more closely monitored with more stringent policies. Traceability and manufacturing standards for downhaul tools will increase in importance. Communications between the operator and the service company will need to improve and be well documented. And a huge market will develop for monitors and sensors like our fiber-optic completions gauges, isolation valves, reservoir monitoring and the like. We believe we're in a very good position to become recognized as a leader in offshore performance.  Turning now to our international operations. We had a good quarter there in almost every region. Latin America was led by the Andean, Brazilian geo markets. The Brazil success story really stands out when you consider where we have come from to now being one of Petrobras' leading suppliers today. Both the Venezuela and Mexico markets appear to have stabilized. However, we do not see near-term signs of either market improving materially. In Europe, Africa, Russia Caspian, our performance in Europe was strong with Norway activity levels returning to normal. We saw a steady performance in the U.K. geo market and growth in continental Europe. We are seeing the beginning of a significant interest in European shales, and we are well positioned to benefit from this trend. The Russian Caspian region should show good topline growth in 2011 after a seasonally slow first quarter. We've expanded our position in Western Siberia, and we're now well positioned to benefit from growth in Eastern Siberia as well. And lastly, we have struggled this year in Africa, but 2011 looks to be a better year. Turning to the Middle East, Asia Pacific segment. Projects were awarded earlier in 2010, and the Middle East are now beginning and did contribute to the margin improvement in the fourth quarter and should continue to contribute as we move into 2011. In the Asia-Pacific region, we're making good progress and are slow growing in competitive region.  Looking ahead, we expect the economic recovery to continue resulting in increased oil demand and support for higher oil prices and sustained multi-year expansion of international spending. Our forecast for the international rig count is 1,180. It's an 8% increase versus last year. With the current price pace, we do not expect meaningful price leverage until late 2011. The cost control program we began in the third quarter of 2010 resulted in real profit improvement in the fourth quarter. International profit improvement and cost control are primary areas for Baker Hughes over the next several quarters. I believe we're in a much better position to deliver on these commitments in 2011. And yes, our plans are ambitious but they're consistent with the market realities and our enhanced capabilities.  And with that, Gary, let's go ahead and take some questions.
Gary Flaharty: :   All right. Thank you, Chad. At this point, I'll ask Thia to open the lines for your questions. To give everyone a fair chance to ask a question, we ask that you do limit yourself to a single question and a related follow-up question. Thia, can we have the first question please?
Operator: Yes, sir. The first question will come from Bill Herbert with Simmons & Company.
William Herbert - Simmons: :  With regard to your international outlook. Martin, if I heard you correctly, you expected that in Q1, we would see a $70 million down tick from the year-end product sales that we saw in the fourth quarter?
Martin Craighead: :  Correct.
William Herbert - Simmons: :  So I guess the question is for international Q1, x the impact of product sales, is international in Q1 higher or lower relative to Q4? And what I'm trying to discern is impact of seasonality versus project startups.
Martin Craighead: :  I don't think we really want to go into that amount of detail as compared to the international specific in Q1. But, Bill, if you go back over our history, the effects of, not only the product sales but the seasonal effects in and parts of the U.K. particularly and Russia, put pressure on international. But that all said, as you know we have some other underlying initiatives underway to try to alleviate those kind of market effects, whether it's further cost refinement, whether it's the supply chain kicking in, as well as trying to extract some more synergy out of the BJ organization in the eastern hemisphere particularly. Whatever effects we get from the market, I think we still have some tools in our toolbox to mitigate it.
William Herbert - Simmons: :  So historically, right, if you go back to 2006 when you guys started reporting or you got the geo market reporting format, your revenues are down historically 5% quarter-on-quarter and then you x out '09 and 2008 which were extreme years, you're down anywhere from, call it 1% to 7% quarter-on-quarter. So it sounds like the seasonality is likely going to outweigh project startups or we'll assume you're down in addition to the product sales. And then, Martin, with regard to the evolution of the, if you will, the roadmap for international margin improvements, supply chain initiatives, efficiencies, BJ consolidation savings and what have you, of the almost doubling in operating income in the fourth quarter internationally, how much was due to that evolution or with regard to the several different initiatives for international margin improvement?
Martin Craighead: :   You could parcel it up in a variety of ways. The things that we have under our control and some of them have to, let's say, be a little bit more market driven and some of them just take a little bit longer to materialize. And you attack what you can when you can. And I think it's fair to say that the internal cost adjustments were the predominant driver for the improvement in this particular case, in the near term of this journey that we're on. And we're probably 1/2 to 3/4 let's say through that in terms of the overhead particularly. And the supply chain, which is on the other side, the other book end to that, it kind of kicks in, in the second half of the year as we work through our inventory. Does that make sense?
William Herbert - Simmons: :  Yes it does.
Martin Craighead: :  And then in the middle of that, there's an activity mix, share attack, if you will, that plays in as well. So the front end was loaded with internal costs for sure.
William Herbert - Simmons: :  And Chad, finally for me, with regard to your outlook for U.S., it looks like you guys are prophesying, if you will, a U.S. rig count which is flat to up from current levels for 2011. And based on that and currently based upon your overall commentary with regard to service intensity, continued pricing momentum and the difficulty in putting new horsepower to work, it doesn't sound like you expect your U.S. land margins to rollover anytime this year. Is that a fair comment?
Chadwick Deaton: :   Yes, it's a fair comment, Bill. Perhaps towards the end of the year, we may see some as capacity comes in and some softness, but we continuously shift towards these oily wetter plays, and we're seeing, I mean, very little back off in terms of longer horizontals, longer extension, clients are even pushing out 8,000, 10,000 feet now. That's just involving more fracs, and when you start thinking about it, we're finally starting to see technology hit the U.S. which we've seen overseas for years and years. I mean we've been drilling 35,000 foot-extended reach wells overseas. And we just recently, completed a six and eight, 36,000 feet in Saudi, so why won't we continue to see that in the shale plays in the U.S.?
Operator: The next question will come from Ole Slorer from Morgan Stanley.
Ole Slorer - Morgan Stanley: :  Back to the BJ Services integration, glad to see that certainly the numbers that you are putting up or suggest that this integration is now going very well. Can you give us a little bit more detail over the next couple of quarters when this comes to -- I know that closing the gap on margin to your two key competitors in North America is an objective, and you have come a long way here but there's still a little bit more to go. So how much and when it comes to closing the margin gap to your two key competitors, how much of it is from fine tuning the two organizations, cross selling or leverage on some of your investments that relate to add capacities? So can you give us a little bit of a roadmap and the timing in order for you to play out?
Chadwick Deaton: :   Yes. Ole, I think our gap's fairly tight. And if you look at North America with one of our major competitors, I think we're about the same or a little bit ahead of them and slightly 100 basis points behind the other one. We've really only been able to start to integrate the North America pressure pumping with directional drilling completions, et cetera, starting in September when we actually took over. So Q1 was our first real quarter of seeing some benefit in that, and I think our margins went up in Q4, margins went up 400, 500 basis points. So I think we definitely started to see the improvement there. Q4 of North America, actually we saw a lot of the improvement coming from BHI legacy as we saw price improvement coming from directional drilling, fluids, bits, et cetera. Internationally I think is where our next big potential way will come on revenue synergies between traditional Baker Hughes and BJ. So I think we'll start seeing that in Q2, Q3 as we start seeing those revenue synergies come through.
Ole Slorer - Morgan Stanley: :   I noticed that the North Sea is traditionally one of your highest-margin businesses as well as a strong margin or strong area for BJs like it's a business as well. Could you give a little bit of a roadmap? It's your weakest margin, at least the Europe, CIS, West Africa, it's your weakest margin, what's your opportunity to take that back towards historic highs and what's the timeline given the very ambitious CapEx predictions for both the U.K. and Norway for 2011?
Chadwick Deaton: :   Well, don't let them irk the Europe, Africa Russian overall margins mask or hide the success we've had in Europe. I think we don't break those out but clearly, Europe is very strong for us. Continues to be strong and we see it strong through 2011. Now BJ, historically, is not all that strong in the U.K. or in Norway. We think this is one of our big opportunities as we are able to bring them in, in other areas but they're not big in the U.K. or Norway. This is one of the things that we were excited about when we bought them. Because if you look at their offshore sea mining capabilities in the rest of the world, it doesn't repeat in those two markets. And that of course, that obviously, takes time as these sea mining units are buried in rigs and so on. But we think that's a big opportunity for us, probably not before the second half of the year but we are seeing pull through already on coil tubing and pipeline, machine and other things in Europe. Now Continental Europe, BJ is much stronger in terms of some of the frac-ing and other things that we see on continental land Europe and eastern Europe.
Ole Slorer - Morgan Stanley: :  And so on your international margins, are you still of the view that you have your two biggest competitors as a realistic target for chasing them on margins and revenue growth?
Chadwick Deaton: :   Yes, that hasn't changed.
Operator: The next question will come from Daniel Boyd with Goldman Sachs.
Daniel Boyd - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: :   Follow up on your expectation for margins in Africa to improve. Can you just comment on what is going to drive that? Is that a pickup in activity that you see happening or is it additional cost cutting?
Chadwick Deaton: :   Well, I think it's a combination. There's a little bit of additional cost cutting that takes place. We did quite a bit in Q4, but we haven't finished it yet which will happen in Q1. We also see an improvement coming back in North Africa. That's been pretty depressed for everybody this last year. So we see that getting a little bit stronger. We've got work to do in Angola which is an area where we've invested heavily, and has been a challenge for us. Nigeria is kind of a moderate quarter, I think, for everybody, a weaker quarter but we see Nigeria, we're well positioned in Nigeria. We think Nigeria will be a contributor for us in 2011. And in sub-Sahara Africa, we've had some good wins and good successes there in Ghana, Gabon, Uganda, picked up some several different contracts there. So I think it's just a matter of getting Africa sized to what we need and at the same time, continue to win some contracts in 2011. And getting that from a point where it's hurting us or deluding us versus contributing. So I guess that's the best way to summarize it.
Daniel Boyd - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: :  Are all those positives enough to offset the seasonality you might see in the first quarter to maintain margins in that region or I guess, the overall geo markets?
Chadwick Deaton: :   No. There's not a lot of seasonality for West Africa or North Africa. It's not a big area where we sell huge amounts of products or sales. I think Q1 will be better for Africa than what it was in Q4.
Daniel Boyd - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: :   I meant more of the seasonality that you see in Europe and Russia.
Chadwick Deaton: :  No.
Daniel Boyd - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: :   And then just on the pretty ambitious CapEx program that you've thrown out there, I know part of the story with Baker is now harvesting some of the fixed-asset investments that you've made over the past few years. And then going forward to see such a big increase out of you. Can help you understand where that's going, International versus North America? But also is it in support of contracts you've already won or in anticipation of contracts to come?
Chadwick Deaton: :   Well, I think first off, keep in mind whereas last year, we didn't own a pressure pumping company. This year we do, and it is much more capital intensive. If you look at $2.3 billion to $2.7 billion that we're saying our range compared to our revenue, it's not that far off from one of our major competitors, what their revenue is, just a major pressure pumper, who just announced $3 billion. So I think a significant portion of that $2.3 billion to $2.7 billion does sit with pressure pumping and horsepower. We are playing a little bit a catch up in that area because BJ really cut back in 2008 and early 2009, on CapEx. I think they are $200 million or less in the entire year of '08. We did kick that up to some degree in 2010, and we see just an ongoing need for additional horsepower. We're no different than, I think, couple of our major competitors, we're pretty tight on horsepower sold out in North America.
Daniel Boyd - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: :   Have you increased the cadence on pressure pumping deliverability? I think you're doing one crew every six weeks.
Chadwick Deaton: :   No. It's probably about what -- we're staying in that pace, one frac, 30,000, to 40,000 horsepower every six weeks.
Martin Craighead: :  The supply chain is still stretched. I mean that hasn't changed. So that's, I think, when Chad mentioned earlier in the comments, we've been unable to keep up. Part of that is not just our own efforts, but it's our supply chain efforts on getting the capacity through the system.
Operator: The next question will come from Kurt Hallead with RBC Capital Markets.
Kurt Hallead - RBC Capital Markets, LLC: :   Chad, when you look out at the opportunity set for 2011 and specifically focus on the international marketplace, how would you risk assess the outlook? And do you think that there's more upside to that 8% growth number on the rig count or you think there could be some -- if push came to shove more modest downside on project delays or otherwise?
Chadwick Deaton: :   Well, Kurt, I'm pretty bullish on the second half of the year. I think the second half of the year, with what we're seeing right now, the optimism of the client, the price of oil holding in, as well as it is held, a lot of projects have already been delayed. Quite a few customers talking about improving on their exploration programs, they're starting up, which they can fairly quickly. We've had some nice contract wins which will start up towards the second half of the year. So I would risk it to say I think the second half, especially Q4 could surprise us and start showing some strong growth and momentum. We talked about the price improvement, we don't really see it happening and if it happens until end of the year and that really price moves when activity really starts to move. And that's when things tighten up.
Kurt Hallead - RBC Capital Markets, LLC: :   And in that context of pricing and pricing increments going on in 2012, what geo markets do you think might be best positioned for improved pricing? And if you were the kind of handicap from a product line standpoint without magnitudes, of course, but if you -- handicap the product lines, which ones do you think have the most pricing power as you get out into latter '11 and into 2012?
Chadwick Deaton: :   Well, I read the transcripts and one of you guys asked one of our major competitors that question, and they refused to answer it because it would tell the competition. So since he didn't answer it, I don't think I'll answer it either.
Operator: The next question will come from Joe Hill with Tudor, Pickering, Holt.
Joe Hill - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc.: :   Chad, when I look at your comment that you question the ability of the industry to grow frac capacity faster than demand in most foreseeable scenarios, and you've got, I think what looks like 12% or 13% U.S. rig count growth for 2011, there's assumption in your comment that there's a certain amount of stage gain year-on-year as we do more intense frac-ing. What are you figuring that is?
Chadwick Deaton: :   Where do I figure the staging is?
Joe Hill - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc.: :  Yes. The number of stages per well.
Chadwick Deaton: :  Well, it varies depending on the basin, but we're seeing -- Mark referred a couple of big contracts with 30. 35 is not uncommon. Some basins, there is 10 to 11. So I think we're probably at 20 to 25 stage-type fracs today. And again, this comes down to the horizontal link, the drilling. I think the average -- you could probably say horizontal drilling today extended reach is 6,000 feet on average. Clients are kicking that up to 10,000 feet. That's why they increase in stages.
Joe Hill - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc.: :   So something like 30-plus percent growth in stages year-on-year?
Chadwick Deaton: :   I see where you're coming from. I don't know the answer to that. I'd have to get back to you on that. That's a good question. It's definitely increasing. I think my comment was more back to the fact -- I think if you add everybody up, and depending on who you look at, we're talking anywhere from 4 million to 6 million additional horsepower people talking about by 2011. And the supply chain, external supply chain to us and to many others, I just don't see a way in the world that, that could possibly be delivered because we're waiting on some things now. So I don't think that's going to happen.
Joe Hill - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc.: :   Just kind of a little bit more of a detail question. The Ultra-Slim Equalizer, and this is probably for Martin, is going to allow you guys to address how many wells in the Middle East that you couldn't address before?
Martin Craighead: :  Not very many because...
Joe Hill - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc.: :   So very few, less than 5-inch borehole.
Martin Craighead: :  We're the one drilling these coils tubing -- the majority, I think, going forward given the bottom-hole assembly that you're aware of. But you know the Equalizer made its name in the Middle East several years ago. It's just the natural evolution that now that we're drilling these type of let's call them drain holes, they're going to want the same technology, and we're the ones to run it. Joe, I want to follow up though on a comment that Chad made there. This is a tremendous business to be in right now when you think about unconventional well bore construction. The INTEQ guys, as well as their industry competitors, get up every morning trying to drill longer laterals, right? And then the BLT guys and the completions guys, again, as well as the major competitors, get up every morning trying to run longer and longer completions with tighter and tighter frac stage spacing. So back to Chad's comment about what's been done in the Middle East and some of these other places, we just don't see an end. There's probably some diminishing returns eventually in terms of length and number of stages but depending on the reservoir, we don't know where the end of this is, but we do know that we're a big participant in driving it all the way to wherever that end is. And we just don't see any stoppage at this point.
Joe Hill - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc.: :   Then finally, Chad, you said something that I thought was pretty interesting. You said that directioal was actually pulling through frac in some instances. And I was just wondering if you could give us a little more color around the improvement in the directional market relative to pressure pumping?
Chadwick Deaton: :   I think just what Martin said, the longer, more complicated horizontals and laterals are requiring better control, better geo steering and much better completions. And of course, if you're drilling through the sweet spots and being able to run the proper completion and getting in the perf fact or whatever system that you want as a completion in the whole, then that, in the sense, the clients come in to us, they're saying, "Well, this is what we want, " then, "We can turn around, it's okay. We would like the pressure pumping well." So it's just that we've just seen -- in the fourth quarter, we saw a strong demand for our directional drilling and completion services. And as a result of that, we were able to pull through BJ on some jobs.
Joe Hill - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc.: :   Well, do you think in 2012, we could see pressure pumping hand the leadership baton over to directional?
Chadwick Deaton: :   I think as time goes on, with the complicated completions and drilling and everything else, you're going to be looking at a package-type program which will be much more technical in nature, much longer in reach, much more reservoir in the area of reservoir understanding and prior to drilling these wells. And I think that's the direction the clients are going to be looking to go.
Operator: The next question will come from Scott Gruber with Bernstein.
Scott Gruber - Bernstein Research: :   Well, pumping has received the majority of attention. Artificial lift sales have also been quite robust in North America. The question on the origin of the demand growth, has it all been from the traditional basins or are we actually seeing material growth out of the emerging shale plays for lift as well?
Chadwick Deaton: :   I don't know that much coming out of some of the shale plays yet. I'll let Martin answer that. I think North America, one of the big areas where we're seeing artificial lift growth and help, as Martin referred to it in his comments in Canada. Some of the SAGD and other, even in California, but these extreme high-temperature, high-pressure ESPs, it's a very, very technically challenging market 400-plus to 500 degree bottom-hole temperature. So when you can start getting tools down there then get an 800-day run light, and this is what ESPs are all about, not having to pull these things. Martin, do you know anything about the shale play in ESPs?
Martin Craighead: :   It's a bit of a -- there's definitely a de-watering element in this side, but there's a -- what do they call it, kind of a rediscovery of the Permian because of where oil prices are, and that's a big, big, big market for our ESPs. And then don't forget the Gulf either. Aside what's happening on the permitting/drilling side as our customer want to get the production back up, we're seeing quite a bit of artificial lift there. So it's really a liquids driven, and there is an element of traditional oil as well as, let's just say, water management on some of the gas side of the business.
Scott Gruber - Bernstein Research: :   And I know you're reluctant to talk price on a product line level. But is pricing in lift approaching the 2008 peak?
Chadwick Deaton: :   I don't think that's pricing on ESPs has never have really been hit that hard through the downturn. And if you look at our -- this is one thing in our production side of the business, chemicals and ESPs, we saw some softening but not anything like what we saw in bits and directional drilling and pressure pumping and everything else during that downturn. So I would have to say it's fairly close to where we were in 2008.
Operator: The next question will come from David Anderson with JPMorgan.
David Anderson - Palo Alto Investors: :  I just want to go back on the CapEx question. You talked in the past about realigning your manufacturing operations to get closer to the customer. And just kind of curious on where do you stand right now on that? And is part of this CapEx budget going towards building out more manufacturing in Eastern Hemisphere? Halliburton was talking about that a bit yesterday. I was just wondering if you're planning to do the same.
Martin Craighead: :   Yes, we are, and part of that is international manufacturing roofline.
David Anderson - Palo Alto Investors: :   So if we think about that kind of realignment manufacturing, can you just kind of give us a sense as to how far along you are in that process? Are you where you want to be now? Are you a couple of years away?
Chadwick Deaton: :   We're on our schedule. We're happy with where we are, but I'm not so sure if you ever really end in it. Though I expect that it's a pretty sizable portion of new, let's say, capacity will be built internationally relative to where we closed this year, and the answer is yes.
David Anderson - Palo Alto Investors: :   Just shifting over to North America. One of the things I'm starting to hear about is our cost inflation. And particularly, sand and propanes. Just wondering if that's a concern that could impact your margins a few quarters down the road? Presumably, you can increase pricing to match inflation, but I guess do you have enough sand kind of lined up to meet your existing and new capacity going forward?
Chadwick Deaton: :   Well, sand is always, in these times, sand and propanes always become a challenge. Water is a challenge right now. We're able in this market, if we do get that price increase from our suppliers, we're able to pass that on. And if the market should soften and we go down and we go back to our suppliers, they cut back on their pricing to us. So I think right now there is a little bit of inflation taking place, but we're able to handle it.
David Anderson - Palo Alto Investors: :   And with all the talk about the capacity coming on, I know there's concerns about too much capacity is going to crush price. But is it possible that some of this, I guess, supply bottlenecks could support that capacity coming on in your opinion?
Chadwick Deaton: :   Absolutely. I think it's not only just propanes and guars but it's the engines, the fluid ends, the power ends, transmissions, chassis, you start adding 4 million horsepower, that supply-chain becomes tight. And a lot of those suppliers will look to who's been in business a long time, who's going to be in business a long time and they prefer to make sure they're providing those components to those people. So we like the position we're in from that standpoint. Due to volume, we get better pricing from our suppliers, and we also commit to some things. There's enough room out there that if we see a downturn, we're able to go ahead and adjust. And we've got about a six-month window there that we're committed to, and we watch it quarter-by-quarter. So at the end of the first quarter, if we see something changing, we can adjust which will affect Q4.
David Anderson - Palo Alto Investors: :   In Mexico, BJ had a bunch of pressure pumping equipment done in Mexico. Has that all been reallocated to the States?
Chadwick Deaton: :   No, not all of it. There's still capability there.
Operator: The next question will come from Robin Shoemaker with Citi.
Robin Shoemaker - Citigroup Inc: :   Just a clarification on the range of CapEx of your guidance. Is that a function of how much pressure pumping capacity you actually add at the high end or low end? Or is that the swing factor?
Chadwick Deaton: :   Yes, that's the swing factors. As I just was mentioning, Robin, $2.3 billion to $2.7 billion, and we will watch that as the quarters unfold. So that would be the swing level. And part of it too is how much can we actually deliver on that, because we're just like I said, everybody else. We've got a significant growth in CapEx and can we deliver all of it to the field.
Robin Shoemaker - Citigroup Inc: :  And so if the market were to significantly slow, how quickly could you put the brakes on this capacity expansion of every six weeks you're adding a new frac spread?
Chadwick Deaton: :   Well, as I said you're looking at about a six-month window in there. So some components maybe it's four months, some components, it's six months. And that's not just for pressure pumping. We see that in the directional drilling, wire line tools, et cetera. So I think your four- to six-month commitment timeframe.
Robin Shoemaker - Citigroup Inc: :  And then finally, in terms of your preference or strategy with regard to putting your pressure pumping capacity under long-term contracts versus maintaining some at more spot rates or giving you the flexibility to push pricing on a short-term basis, do you have any preference in terms of allocation of your capacity in that respect?
Chadwick Deaton: :   Well, we like the flexibility. We like some long term, and we've got a big one in the Bakken that's five years. It ties up 85% of their DD, LWD bits, et cetera. And I think about 35%, 40% of pressure pumping. That's a five-year type contract. We've got quite a few two-, three-, four-, five-month type commitments to clients. We've recently had some discussions with some major or some fairly large independent clients regarding a much longer-term relationship to work on the total package, whether are we going back to in terms of the reservoir, the drilling, the completion, the frac-ing, the overall picture and looking into longer-term relationships. So we like this mix package to be a little flexible.
Robin Shoemaker - Citigroup Inc: :   And when you do experience cost pressures, either labor or materials, freight, whatever, are you able to push those through fairly quickly with whether it's term or a spot rate?
Chadwick Deaton: :   Yes. In the U.S., you can push them through fairly quickly compared to others with international, which is much longer-term contracts.
Chadwick Deaton: :   Thank you. I wanted to thank Chad, Martin, Peter, everyone, all of our participants this morning for your time and your thoughtful questions. Following the conclusion of today's call, both Alexey and I will be available to answer any additional questions you may have. So once again, thank you for your participation. Thia?
Operator: :  Thank you for participating in today's Baker Hughes Incorporated conference call. This call will be available for replay beginning at 1:00 p.m. Eastern, 12:00 p.m. Central time, and will be available through 10:00 p.m. Eastern time on Tuesday, February 8, 2011. The conference ID number for the replay is 35151016. The dial-in number for the replay is 800-642-1687 in the U.S. or (706)645-9291, international. You may now disconnect.

===== 2010 Q3  (2010-11-01 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Martin Craighead - President and Chief Operating Officer Peter Ragauss - Chief Financial Officer and Senior Vice President Chadwick Deaton - Executive Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of Executive Committee Gary Flaharty - Vice President of Investor Relations
Analysts: David Anderson - Palo Alto Investors William Herbert - Simmons Scott Gruber - Bernstein Asset Management Geoff Kieburtz - Weeden & Co. Research James Crandell - Lehman Brothers Joe Hill - Tudor, Pickering & Co. Securities, Inc. J. Adkins - Raymond James & Associates Kurt Hallead - RBC Capital Markets Corporation Robin Shoemaker - Citigroup Inc
Operator: Good morning. My name is Dennis, and I will be your conference facilitator. At this time, I would like to welcome, everyone to the Baker Hughes Third Quarter 2010 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] I will now turn the conference over to Mr. Gary Flaharty, Vice President of Investor Relations. Sir, you may proceed.
Gary Flaharty: All right, thank you, Dennis, and good morning, everyone. Welcome to the Baker Hughes Third Quarter 2010 Earnings Conference Call. Here with me this morning are Chad Deaton, Baker Hughes' Chief Executive Officer and Chairman; Martin Craighead, President and Chief Operating Office; and Peter Ragauss, Baker Hughes' Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Following management's comments this morning, we'll open the lines for your questions. Reconciliation of operating profits and non-GAAP measures to GAAP results for historic periods can be found on our website at www.bakerhughes.com in the Investor Relations section under Financial Information. In addition, this morning, we're also including a slide presentation with our webcast. Slides are available on the Investor Relations homes page at bakerhughes.com. Finally, I caution you that any company outlooks discussed this morning are subject to various risk factors. We'll try to highlight the risk factors as we make these forward-looking statements. However, the format of the call prevents a more thorough discussion of these risk factors. For a complete and full discussion of these risk factors, please refer to our annual report, 10-K, 10-Q, and in particular, the Forward-looking Disclosure in this morning's news release. With that, I'll conclude our discussion of the administrative details and turn the call over to Peter Ragauss. Peter?
Peter Ragauss: Thanks, Gary. Good morning. This morning, we reported net income on a GAAP basis of $255 million, or $0.59 per share. Earnings per share were up $0.41 compared to a year ago, and up $0.36 from last quarter. Revenue was $4.1 billion, up 83%, or almost $1.9 billion compared to a year ago, and up 21% or $700 million sequentially. And EBITDA per share was $1.64, which was up $0.71 or 76% compared to a year ago and up $0.26 or 19% from last quarter. There were a couple of adjustments that should be made to compare results to our previous guidance. First, our tax rate before acquisition-related costs was 32.5%. Let me just point something out, that we had $12 million in tax benefits from acquisition-related costs in addition to the $12 million pretax charge, so the net result was about zero on the acquisition cost on a per share basis. The overall decrease in the tax rate is primarily due to the actions we took in the third quarter to repatriate certain foreign earnings, ultimately resulting in a reduction of current and future U.S. taxes. The Federal tax rate in the middle of our 37% to 38% guidance, the favorable impact of the lower actual tax rate was approximately $0.04 per share. Second, we've revised our estimate with the amortization associated with the BJ Services acquisition. This calculation will not be final until the end of the year. However, our best estimate is that the incremental amortization charge will now be $120 million per year, or approximately $30 million per quarter. As a result, the amortization expense associated with the step-up was $9 million lower than our guidance for the third quarter, approximately $0.01 a share. So from the GAAP EPS of $0.59, subtract $0.04 from the impact of lower tax rate, subtract $0.01 for the impact of lower quarterly amortization charges, that brings you to $0.54. To help you in understanding the moving pieces, I'll bridge the Q3 '09 EPS to Q3 '10 EPS. GAAP EPS for Q3 '09 was $0.18 per share, add $0.03 for lower corporate cost, subtract $0.02 for higher net interest cost, subtract $0.05 for the impact of the higher share count, offset partially by the effect of the lower effective tax rate, subtract $0.03 for the impact of the incremental amortization costs and last, to get to EPS this quarter, add $0.48 from operations, including the acquisition of BJ Services to arrive at $0.59 per share. Bridging the sequential quarters, GAAP EPS for Q2 2010 was $0.23 per share, add back second quarter acquisition-related costs of $56 million before tax, $51 million after tax, or $0.13 per share. The impact of the lower tax rate, offset partially by the higher average share count, added about $0.04 per share, subtract $0.01 per share for higher net interest expense. Last, to get to EPS this quarter, add about $0.20 per share from operations, including the impact of having BJ Services on-board for the entire quarter to arrive at $0.59 per share. In Table 3 of our earnings release, we provide financial information on a pro forma combined basis, with revenue and profit before tax of BJ Services included into the prior period's results to allow meaningful comparisons between quarters. Because of the reduction in amortization, this morning, we also provide a revision to the pro forma supplemental information for Q1 2008 to Q3 2010 by quarter. This schedule is available on our website. From this point on in the conference call, any comments on revenue, operating profit and operating profit margin refer explicitly to Table 3. Revenue in North America was $2 billion, up 71% compared to a year ago, and up 16% sequentially. North America operating profits were $340 million, up $356 million year-over-year, and up 52% sequentially. International revenue was $1.8 billion, up 6% compared to a year ago, and up 1% compared to the previous quarter. International operating profit margin was 5% compared to 11% a year ago, and 7% last quarter. Our industrial and other segment revenue was $278 million, up 10% compared to last year, and up 13% compared to last quarter. Operating profit was $36 million, up 29% compared to a year ago and up 80% sequentially. Turning to the balance sheet. Quarter end, our total debt was $3.8 billion. During the quarter, we sold $1.5 billion of 5 1/8% senior notes due 2040. We used a portion of the net proceeds to pay back approximately $500 million of our outstanding commercial paper, and we intentionally paid $250 million of BJ Services outstanding 5.75% bonds in June 2011 the company will use the remaining net proceeds for general corporate purposes. Our capital expenditures in the third quarter were $466 million, which is in line with our earlier guidance for 2010 annual capital expenditures. At the end of the quarter, we had $1.9 billion of cash and short-term investments, plus we had $1.7 billion available under our committed credit facilities. Our debt-to-capital ratio was 22%, our net debt was $2 billion and our net debt-to-capital ratio was 11%. Last, I want to share a few thoughts on guidance for Q4. Net interest expense in Q4 should be about $52 million, which includes a full quarter of the $1.5 billion notes. Corporate spending should be within a $50 million to $55 million range. Taxes should be between 36% and 37%. Depreciation and amortization is expected to be between $305 million and $350 million. We expect capital expenditures in Q4 to be between $550 million and $600 million, which will put total 2010 CapEx around $1.7 billion. We do not expect a major pickup of activity in the Gulf of Mexico in the fourth quarter, and stand by our earlier estimate of $0.08 to $0.11 per share impact below normal operating conditions. I'll now turn the call over to Martin, who will highlight our geographic results. Martin?
Martin Craighead: Thanks, Peter. Let me start with North America. Revenue increased to 71% year-over-year and 16% sequentially, matching the 71% and 19% increases in the North American rig count, a solid achievement given the negative impact of the Gulf of Mexico Deepwater drilling moratorium on activity, revenue and profit. The overall service and technology intensity of North American land drilling continues to increase. In the United States, horizontal drilling, primarily in the unconventional oil and gas plays, has more than doubled year-over-year and increased 13% sequentially. The unconventional reservoirs are demanding our best technology to deliver longer horizontals, complex completions, increasing frac horse power and more frac stages. This demand for advanced technology is in turn, driving the business and supporting both higher revenue per rig and associated higher prices. Operating margins increased 1,800 basis points year-over-year, and 400 basis points sequentially to 17%. Incremental margins were in excess of 40%, both year-over-year and sequentially, despite the lower activity in the Gulf this quarter. Before I turn to our International segments, I need to address the current situation in the Gulf of Mexico. The impact of the moratorium and the pause in drilling permit approval was about as we guided in our last conference call at $0.09. While we are encouraged that the deepwater moratorium was lifted a few weeks ago, we did not expect a significant increase in drilling in the fourth quarter. In the longer term, Baker Hughes is very well-positioned for the return of activity in the Gulf. With our two new pressure pumping vessels, the Blue Dolphin and the Blue Tarpon, we were able to offer best-in-class pressure pumping capabilities, exceeding the delivery capability of the nearest competitor by over 50%. Our current tank control vessel utilization has been high, supporting frac, gravel pack and stimulation activities on the shelf. And in fact, our backlog is at an all-time record high. Turning to Latin America. Revenue increased 8% year-over-year led by the Andean and Brazi geomarkets. Revenue increased 2% sequentially, led by the Brazil geomarket. Both year-over-year and sequential growth rates exceeded market growth rates this quarter. The only geomarket to report revenue declines year-over-year or sequentially, was the Venezuela Mexico geomarket. Profit margins were flat sequentially. Latin America continues to be a series of contrasting stories. Performance is strong in Brazil and in the Andean geomarket, driven by national oil companies push-driving to increase their production. The Southern Cone and Venezuela Mexico geomarkets continue to be the most challenging. We're continuing to react to our customers' budget cuts in Mexico by redeploying equipment to more attractive markets, and where required, reducing our staffing levels. We finished drilling operations on the final Alma Marine well, and expect to run this completion assembly in the next few weeks. In Brazil, we continue to build on our strong relationship with Petrobras, and are expanding our business with other foreign and Brazilian operators. Technology continues to be key to performance in Brazil, both offshore and increasingly, on land. In the third quarter, we successfully deployed a 12 1/4 inch primary drill bit for the first time in a northeast Brazil land application. This hybrid bit combines the most attractive features of both roller cone and fixed-cutter bits in a single product. We've made over 90 runs, and have drilled a total of more than 100,000 feet worldwide with this bit. The primary bit has been running in the United States, Canada, Ecuador, Oman, Saudi Arabia and now, on land in Brazil. In this particular application, the bit was able to drill 20% further and 90% faster than standard Tricone Bits. The Andean geomarket continues to be one of our best performing geomarkets on any continent. All of our product lines are well-represented. In the quarter, we won a $137 million eight-year contract extension from Repsol for the exclusive supply and maintenance of ESP Systems and were awarded a two-year contract by an independent for full-service well construction solution that includes drilling and evaluation systems, fluids and to many pumping services. Turning to the Eastern Hemisphere. First, in the Europe Africa Russia Caspian segment, revenue increased 6% compared to a year ago, led by directional drilling and artificial lift. Growth was led by the Russia Caspian and U.K. geomarket, offset partially by lower revenue from Africa. Sequentially, revenues were down 1% as revenue declined in Africa and Norway, offset increases in other geomarkets. Improvements in profits in the U.K. and Continental Europe geomarkets were offset by lower profits in Norway, Russia Caspian and in Africa. The weakness in the Norway market was temporary. Driven by a more extensive than anticipated summer rig maintenance program, activity has returned to normal levels in October and should remain relatively solid through the winter. U.K. and Continental Europe activity has been strong and is expected to stay strong this winter. In Norway, we secured a multimillion-dollar integrated project for the Borgland Dolphin Consortium to provide service integration and planning, including directional drilling, measurement-while-drilling, logging-while-drilling, mud logging, fluids, wireline logging and coring services. The contract covers an initial three-year period for full exploration program on the Norwegian continental shelf, encompassing 15 wells. Activity in Africa remains weak. North Africa is soft as activity has not improved in either Libya nor Algeria. In the North Africa geomarket, we have been awarded a tender for directional drilling, logging-while-drilling, coring liner-hanger spits [ph] (18:52), and cementing by Occidental to drill 22 onshore exploration wells on six separate concessions in Libya. The two-year program starts in the first quarter of 2011. In the Sub-Saharan African geomarket, our local joint venture there won a 10-year offshore production chemicals contract with a super major in Angola. Now turning to the Middle East Asia Pacific segment, revenue was up 6% compared to a year ago, led by sales of chemicals, artificial lift and completion systems in Southeast Asia and Egypt geomarkets. Sequential growth was 5% led by increased sales of directional drilling and oilfield chemicals. Revenues were up significantly in the Southeast Asia geomarket. With relatively modest growth in the market, the preponderance of long-term contracts and ample equipment, pricing has not improved yet. Improvements in profitability in the near future will be dependent on market growth and share gains that help us absorb fixed overhead, and the success of our ability to improve operational efficiency. In Saudi Arabia, the customers focused on increasing gas production from tight reservoirs. We're introducing technology developed for the North American tight gas plays into the kingdom. We recently installed Frac-Point multizone completion equipment in five wells with tight gas reservoirs. This solution allows a client to selectively stimulate individual sections in long horizontal well to optimize the production and recovery rate. We also are providing technical expertise on formation evaluation and geomechanics. And in Iraq, the South Oil company has run it's first wireline job using Baker Hughes' equipment under the three-year technical services agreement signed last quarter. In the South East Asia geomarket, we secured a major contract in the Philippines. We will be providing cementing, directional drilling and drilling fluid services on five rigs as part of a two-year contract with a 50-well work scope. Our robust product and services offering for the HPHT [high-pressure, high-temperature] industry, in conjunction with the established presence of BJ Services in the Philippines were critical factors in the award. In the Indonesia geomarket, we completed a two multizone single trip completion system, or MST gravel pack, in a single well, isolating two differentially pressured zones. This completion builds on the success of BJ's MST, which has had over 35 successful runs to date, with documented savings of 70% of rig count from approximately 20 days to 3.5 days. Looking at our International operations in total, I'm pleased with our revenue performance. Revenue grew 6% year-over-year and 1% sequentially, exceeding that of the market. This is a positive sign that our new geographic organization is making a difference. And we're pleased with our geomarket management teams, as they are demonstrating a more holistic view of the market, developing closer relations with our customers, communicating clear market-driven priorities to our products and technology organization. They're executing and delivering high-quality products and services to our customers and they've maintained high levels of HSE performance. International margins did not improve sequentially, as we indicated in our last conference call. While I remain disappointed, we've not been idle this quarter. Let me briefly review the actions we've taken. We believe that our organizational change resulted in some redundancies and inefficiencies in our overhead. We aggressively addressed this issue in the third quarter, and we incurred about $15 million in severance costs. The benefits of our cost-cutting should become visible next quarter and have full impact in 2011. We indicated that we could make our organization more efficient and reduce additional overhead costs in the longer-term. We began that process this quarter and eliminated four geomarkets and the redundant management by combining Venezuela and Mexico, Sub-Sahara Africa along with Angola, North Africa coupled to Libya, and combining Russia and Caspian geomarkets. Third, we revalidated our supply chain cost savings goals of $300 million over three years so we're on track. We committed to cost synergies with BJ Services of $75 million in year one and an additional $75 million in year one and an additional $75 million in year two. These savings are in progress and will occur as projected. Revenue synergies will also contribute to improving our profitability. Finally and most importantly, we've put this organization together to gain share and promote long term profitable growth. As demonstrated in the last several quarters, revenues have either tracked or exceeded the market. My focus now is to deliver acceptable margins. Before I turn this over to Chad, let me cover our Industrial segment. This segment is composed principally of our industrial chemicals, process and pipeline technology businesses. Revenue increased 10% year-on-year, and was up 13% sequentially in the seasonally strong third quarter. The segment posted a 13% profit margin in the quarter compared to an 11% margin a year ago, and 8% last quarter. This quarter, Baker Hughes formed an alliance with a global cargo inspection and certification company to provide cargo treatment added as services to the petroleum industry. The alliance offers a fast and effective spectrum of services for fuel and bulk cargos to meet trade specifications using our partner's testing and inspection infrastructure and Baker Hughes' P2R or PREPARED TO RESPOND fuel additives. With that, I'll turn the call back over to Chad.
Chadwick Deaton: All right. Thank you, Martin. As Martin and Peter both highlighted, our results this quarter were dominated by our performance in North America. With oil prices holding in the $75 to $80 range, we experienced strong growth in all direct drilling in both unconventional and conventional areas, and we do expect that this trend is going to continue into 2011. Drilling for natural gas has stabilized with a high percentage of the rigs drilling in the unconventional plays and increasingly on the wetter side of these plays. Together, the demand for drilling and unconventional reservoirs, whether it's for oil or for natural gas, is driving strong demand for directional drilling, complex completions and pressure pumping. Currently, we believe the increase in drilling for either oil or wet gas will offset any drilling weakness in dry gas. It is important to note that pressure pumping is a key technology for developing both types of these reservoirs. And while we have owned BJ Services since April, we really had full access to BJ in only the last month of the third quarter. So the restrictions of the whole separate quarter now removed, we can finally act on the opportunities we have to leverage our newly acquired pressure pumping capabilities in North America. Since the order was lifted, the U.S. sales teams have been working together to pull through products and services when possible. And on some cases, people and equipment are already committed, and as they roll off of the contract, we can then leverage our pressure pumping resources. A good example of what our combined company is now able to deliver to our customers is a case in Canada for a large independent. Our AutoTrak Rotary Steerable system and drill bits were used to drill a horizontal well on the Horn River unconventional gas play. The well was completed with a 10-stage Frac-Point open-whole fracturing system, with a Baker Hughes integrated insight fiber optic monitoring system. BJ supplied all the cementing and all the hydraulic fracturing services. And in West Texas, the strength of the BJ Services relationship with an independent, resulted in them being able to pull through our wireline and perforating services on up to two frac jobs per week for our Permian Basin customer. Another recent award was on the West Coast when the Baker Hughes and the BJ Services team bid together and were awarded a 30-well perforating and pressure pumping contract by a super major. And a final example on the Northeast, BJ leveraged the relationship with an independent to pull through other Baker Hughes products and services. The pull-through value will total nearly $10 million a year in new incremental revenue. Now all this being said, the frac market is tight. Backlogs for pressure pumping remains strong and vary between regions from anywhere from 90 to 180 days. We're investing an incremental frac capacity to service both the growing intensity and the growing volume of the North American frac market. Part of our long-term strategic plan call for filling some gaps that we had in our portfolio in order to make us more competitive. Of course, one of those gaps was pressure pumping, which I just addressed. The other was to build out our reservoir capability. Over the last couple of years, we have acquired several reservoir engineering companies, beginning with gap decline [ph] (27:32), GMI [GeoMechanics International] and most recently, Meyer & Associates. This has resulted in our achieving the critical mass needed to be recognized by our customers as a serious player in reservoir consultancy. Beginning in Q4, continuing on into 2011, we're going to work to improve our customers' economics by using the full spectrum of our products and services, from geological and geomechanical analysis, to drilling, perforating, hydraulic fracturing and completing conventional and unconventional oil and gas wells. We can now engage with our customers from exploration appraisals to development, production and ultimately, rejuvenation of mature fields. These recent acquisitions result in our being well-positioned not only in North America but other markets worldwide. Looking outside North America to the rest of the world, the International market continues to grow albeit slowly, and with $75-plus oil price in an expanding global economy, it should continue to grow in 2011 and in time, support higher pricing. For now, low pricing improvement is elusive. And while the rig count is above its previous highs in Asia Pacific and Africa, it lags in Europe, the Middle East and Latin America. In fact, if you look at the change in the rig count for the individual countries since September 2008, you'll find that land rigs in India, Syria and Kuwait has increased by more than 40. And unfortunately, these rigs simply aren't driving the same premium as the rigs in Australia, Oman or Saudi Arabia that they replaced. In closing, our new organization, to me, is going through a period of adaptation. On the positive side, we are much closer to our client. And as we've mentioned before, our customers, they like this new organization and that's not a bad thing when you're a serious company. As a result, we are winning work. Revenue growth versus our peers, as Martin mentioned, has remained strong over the last several quarters. On the other hand, we have to work, we have some work to do on the International margin front. Martin outlined our plans for improving our margins performance internationally. This is the number one priority for the entire management team at Baker Hughes. We need to fine-tune the operation, consolidate areas of redundancy, realize the benefits from the new supply chain organization, determine the optimum geomarket structure and continue to grow the top line. These steps have all been addressed and it will result in improved margins beginning this quarter, Q4, and carrying into 2011. Okay. Gary, why don't we open it up for some questions?
Gary Flaharty: All right. Thank you, Chad. At this point, I'll ask Dennis to open the line for your questions. To give everyone a fair chance to ask a question, we ask that you limit yourself to a single question and a related follow-up question. So Dennis, can we have the first question, please?
Operator: The first question comes from the line of Bill Herbert with Simmons & Company.
William Herbert - Simmons: Chad, talking about International margins here for a second. And recognizing that you're probably not for your planning process for next year, but just sort of conceptual journey, if you will. We're kind of hovering right now at about 5% margins thereabouts for International, and we were at close to 18% and change, first half of last year. So recognizing the benefits from supply chain, BJ synergies and expected volume gains, what do you think is a reasonable aspiration at this stage for exit rate margin sometime next year?
Chadwick Deaton: I think we're looking for somewhere in the mid-15% range, somewhere in that ballpark, Bill. I think you can break this down by region. Europe has not changed much, really, if you look at the margins, down a little bit. Africa has been where our challenge has been, and that's offsetting everything in Europe to defect all of work. And then the other area clearly is Latin America, where we've got another focus. Martin mentioned about some consolidation we're doing in that area to bring that -- some of the costs down in that area. We're happy with the way we're seeing Far East going. We've seen some nice gains there, both on a revenue side and some improvement on the bottom line side there. And the Middle East, we think will come back next year. So that's our target right now.
William Herbert - Simmons: And then in a similar vein with regard to North America, margins are sort of clicking along nicely as they are for most in the industry. So walk us through, if you will, kind of on a go-forward basis, the interplay between probably a slowing rate of E&P capital spending growth, oil and liquids-rich continues to grow, offset by gas, some of which probably distills into a reasonably steady rig count from this point forward, maybe up a bit. You've got increased capacity coming. So when you think about '11 margins, on average, would we do well to kind of stay even with exit rate 2010? Or do you think it's going to be a bit better than that?
Chadwick Deaton: I think it'll be a bit better than that, Bill. Because we started -- obviously pressure pumping saw a lot of price improvement over these last several months. Whereas our legacy Baker Hughes businesses started to really see it towards the end of the third quarter, I guess. We started to see some tightness enough that we could start raising some prices elsewhere. So we'll see a little benefit in that in Q4. And therefore, from a year-on-year type basis, we should see improved margins on North America. And of course, hopefully, we're looking at what's going on with the Gulf of Mexico. And if we can see some rational thinking back there again, and get back to some drilling and other things then that will be a huge swing for us. Because we're big in the Gulf and we wanted to hold ourselves strong there with our people, because we believe this thing will end. And when it does, we want to be ready for it.
William Herbert - Simmons: From sort of a incremental capacity standpoint, with all the frac horsepower that's coming, do you expect that to be sort of a headwind in the second half of next year, or earlier?
Chadwick Deaton: No, I think it'll be the second half. There's no doubt, it's probably coming. And we've been very fairly aggressive in terms of building out horsepower because for a period of time, BJ hadn't done a lot during the negotiations and the whole separate period, et cetera. But beginning earlier this year, we did start building horsepower while we did, because we've been needing that. But we're going through the budgeting process now, we'll be taking a look at that. We will adjust based on what we see. But there are a lot of wells behind pipe that still need frac, 2,000 to 25,000. And you'll start looking at anywhere from 15,000, we'll pick a number, 15,000, 25,000 zones per well, that's a lot of frac jobs and a lot of consumption equipment.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Joe Hill with Tudor, Pickering.
Joe Hill - Tudor, Pickering & Co. Securities, Inc.: Chad, I think Martin touched on some of the improvements you guys have seen on the Industrial business. Can you give us a bit of an outlook there? You've kind of given us what to look for in International, but maybe you can talk a little bit more about what's going on in that particular business and what's driving the sizable improvements we saw?
Chadwick Deaton: Well, I think one thing that Martin said, and it's true, Q3 is usually a very strong quarter for us in that business. So I don't think we're going to see any huge drop-off. A lot of that business just tie back to refinery work. So it depends on the margins and the refining operators, what they do and when their downtime is. I think one important thing on the Industrial side, we didn't shake that particular area up much when we reorganized, like what we did on the International side with the new geomarkets, et cetera. So that pretty much was the management team that has continued to run through this entire last 12 to 18 months period. So I think they're showing a lot of stability, and they had a very good quarter. And that's a business that kind of tends to swing based on downtimes and refineries, et cetera.
Joe Hill - Tudor, Pickering & Co. Securities, Inc.: So in terms of our expectation for next year, should we assume that we can hold on to some of this margin improvement we've seen? Or should we assume that the turnaround story and refinings can be fairly seasonal?
Chadwick Deaton: I think you could say that you could hold on to it. Traditionally, this business has been fairly stable, flat. We've talked about it in the past on our chemical side, both upstream as well as downstream, when there's tremendous swings in rig count one way or the other, this is kind of our annuity. They were pretty steady. So I think you could plan on that through next year.
Peter Ragauss: Yes, this is Peter. I'd say that's right for next year. We did have particularly strong Q3, which was some seasonality in it. Q4 could be off a bit than Q3, because the other part of the business is the Pipeline Inspection business, and that has to slow down usually in Q4, which is the business we inherited from BJ. So we wouldn't expect Q4 to be a repeat of Q3. But next year, it ought to be, within a seasonality range, it ought to be a decent business.
Joe Hill - Tudor, Pickering & Co. Securities, Inc.: And then finally, just more of a product-specific question, you guys have talked about the MST completion tool, and there's a few of those systems out there. I was just wondering, one, how many of these systems are available for use at any given time? And would you anticipate that usage of the tool could get large enough to actually impact availability of rig time?
Chadwick Deaton: Well, we're not going to disclose how many we have ready to go around the world, Joe. I think the one thing about, I think, unless I'm wrong -- Martin, you can comment on this, but I think we, by far, have the most in the ground running than anybody. So it's pretty well-proven. And I don't know, Martin, do you have any comments on it?
Martin Craighead: Well, Chad mentioned, from our data, it seems to have high leveraged to how many we've run relative to the market, Joe. The features on this tool are pretty unique to Baker Hughes. It's completely unlimited lengths of either the zone you want to cover, or the number of zones you can run. It's got a full ID opening to handle production tubing, with some very important proprietary technology on the seal elements used. So the pickup on this has been pretty rapid as far as its materiality going forward. I don't know at this stage, but we don't see it slowing down, that's for sure.
Joe Hill - Tudor, Pickering & Co. Securities, Inc.: And Martin, would you like to see one of these on every rig you guys touch?
Martin Craighead: Given the pricing on them, absolutely.
Chadwick Deaton: I think that's the key. We've got to value this right. If we're going from 20 days to 3.5, we need to share on the value split there.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jim Crandell with Barclays Capital.
James Crandell - Lehman Brothers: Chad, would you expect to -- in North America with your pressure pumping business, would you expect to adopt a broad-based strategy of trying to package your pressure pumping together with your drilling-related product lines?
Chadwick Deaton: Yes, I think it depends on the customer, Jim. As you know, customers come in all shapes and sizes. Some are ready to bundle the entire package for fairly long-term contracts. We talked last quarter about Hess up in the Bakken with a five-year contract, we're doing 80% of the drilling bits, et cetera. And I think we have about 1/3 of the pressure pumping. So there are customers there that are looking for that, and we have others that continue to want to do callout-type basis. We are tying more and more, when we can, with tied to the pressure pumping because it's in such demand right now. But as I said in the comments, some of this equipment has to come off. In particular, the contract of working with the customer before we can then put it together with services and get it out and promote it. But as long as this market's the way it is right now, yes, we will be looking to package more into a bundle.
James Crandell - Lehman Brothers: And do you think the whole nature of the North American business is changing in this respect to where in the future, particularly with the popularity of horizontal drilling in the shelves that more and more of the business will be packaged, and people that have a broad product line, such as yourselves, will have a key advantage in servicing the market?
Chadwick Deaton: I hope so. That's why we've been buying all these companies from the reservoir side to the pressure pumping. But yes, I think it will. I think we're applying more technology to the U.S. today than we have in the past. And as a result of that, just like we were talking about the MST tool and other things, this is becoming more of a full scope relationship, especially with the independents and the smaller groups. Looking at the reservoir or looking at the mechanics, rock mechanics, geomechanics, optimizing the drilling performance, coming up with the best completion technology, I think it's becoming more and more of a technical package.
James Crandell - Lehman Brothers: And as a follow-up to that, Chad, in the U.S. pressure pumping market, would you be willing to lock in today's prices for term contracts of a year or more for some of your equipment?
Chadwick Deaton: It depends on -- I mean, again, pricing is all over the map, Jim. But we would take some long-term contracts. In fact, there are take-or-pay contracts out there right now. We're participating in some of those, as I know a couple of our competitors are. But I think you just have to look at each one individually and see what else is on the contract, what's pull through, et cetera.
James Crandell - Lehman Brothers: And your frac fleets that are coming on in North America in 2011, are those contracted currently?
Chadwick Deaton: Yes. They're not contracted but they are, I mean, we're committed. We've got a backlog of 180 days. But they're not contracted at a set price. Some of those were holding almost for the spec market, you can call it.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Kurt Hallead with RBC Capital Markets.
Kurt Hallead - RBC Capital Markets Corporation: I just wanted to make sure that I heard some of the earlier commentary correctly. When there's a reference to, I think, a mid-teens kind of margin, were you guys referencing your International business as a whole? Or was that specific to a region?
Chadwick Deaton: No, that's as a whole.
Kurt Hallead - RBC Capital Markets Corporation: And then in terms of the Latin American margin sitting at 2%, 3% for the last few quarters, where do you think Latin America can get to as you get into 2011, on an average basis, or in any given quarter?
Martin Craighead: Kirk, this is Martin. Our expectations are double-digit exit next year in Latin America.
Kurt Hallead - RBC Capital Markets Corporation: And that's based on business you currently have in hand or bidding plus the synergies that you referenced?
Martin Craighead: All of that, plus stabilization in some of them weak markets in terms of the spending and pricing and the overhead cost structures.
Kurt Hallead - RBC Capital Markets Corporation: And then you talked about pricing improvement across a number of different legacy product lines for Baker Hughes, starting to flow through in late third quarter. In terms of highest magnitude to least magnitude, can you give us some general idea of what product lines we're seeing the best pricing from a legacy standpoint? And then those that are seeing the least?
Martin Craighead: Kirk, this is Martin again. Again, we're speaking in North America because we haven't seen enough pricing traction internationally. But certainly, it's the typical ones. We're seeing the drilling systems, the lead, of course, is pressure pumping followed by the drilling systems. We have some price improvement occurring on the production side of the business, which would be led by ESPs. And then your product lines which let's just say have more capacity out there, or slightly lower barriers to entry, which would be your case for wireline, and your Drilling Fluids, I'd say it's minimal.
Kurt Hallead - RBC Capital Markets Corporation: And then just on Chad's comment about the headwind, potentially in the second half of next year from the pressure pumping capacity. What magnitude of pressure pumping capacity do you think is coming into the market from an industry standpoint? And then when you talk about the headwinds, are you talking about pricing pressures, or pricing plateauing? How do you plan and how are you thinking about that at this point in time?
Chadwick Deaton: Well, we see there's some more -- depending on who you talk to, 6 million to 6.5 million horsepower up there today, going to 8 million to 8.5 million by end of next year. Those are street numbers but it's not taking into consideration attrition. And right now, we're burning through, the industry is burning through probably 15% a year. So there's over 1 million net horsepower being added here in the next few quarters. Now, again, right now, there's a big backlog. I don't know how strong we'd be facing the second half. We're just going to be watching it going into the first half, and that will determine if we're going to continue to add equipment through next year. I think there's just a lot of variables out there right now. We're watching it, and I think probably, if it slows down a little bit, you'll see some consolidation in the business like we've seen in the past.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Scott Gruber with Bernstein.
Scott Gruber - Bernstein Asset Management: It's clear that you've been more cautious on bidding for the IPM projects in Iraq given the aggressive pricing by peers. Yet at the same time, a pillar of your geomarket reorganization is to capture greater international market share. So I was just hoping to gain some color on the markets or the regions, if you don't want to get too specific, what are you doing to capture market share in the next 12 to 24 months? And the strategy to do so, given the imperative to improve margins as well?
Martin Craighead: Scott, this is Martin. Let me start with the one you bring up Iraq. If we thought that the market was kind of better defined in terms of what the scope was going to be, what the risk profile is going to be. But I think as you've heard from a couple of our peers, the bidding activity there is very high and there's a lot of work to be done. And this is both from the national oil company, as well as the foreign participants. Let me put it this way, we've participated in every IPM bid, to use that term. We've obviously submitted prices but we've been on the sidelines in terms of getting on the field when the pricing environment is so unattractive. Again, given the fact that, if you see what happened in Mexico, if you see what's happened in some of these other high-profile IPM bids, the opportunity to make a profit is very limited. So I think the industry, our side of the industry, needs to rethink the way it approaches it. That aside, you're right, the reason that we reorganized into the geomarket organization was to grow the top line at faster rates that what we were experiencing before. And as I said in my comments, that's happening. But the best way to further grow those margins is to continue to grow that top line. We're taking actions that we can most -- near-term control in terms of the cost, in getting those down and particularly, in the overhead functions where we experienced some redundancy. Now in terms of trying to get other business, as I said in the comments, there's an incredible response by the customer community, which I think is being rewarded already with the work we're getting. We see the BJ organization stimulating even further, working together. And I can tell you that whether it's Vietnam, whether it's Australia, whether it's the big award we just got in the Philippines, whether it's bringing BJ more solidly into our business in Norway, we're seeing a lot of nice projects come our way. But the final point I'll make here, Scott, is that unlike North America which is a transactional market, we reorganized 18 months. Officially, we had all of our people in place, probably about a year ago. And the international market is not transactional, there's contracts there that are years in the making. And by that, I mean it takes months for the tender to come out, it takes months for the tender to be awarded, it takes months sometimes to mobilize. And it can take months for the customer to actually start spending. So you put that on top of contracts that already ran three to five years. It's not surprising that it takes a while to rebuild the revenue. But in terms of the mechanics, the way we're executing out there, I'm very happy with the job the guys are doing in terms of building their share.
Scott Gruber - Bernstein Asset Management: Now would Russia be in the top three or four countries, or regions, just given it's size in terms of markets you identified where you have upside opportunity, or your target?
Martin Craighead: In Russia? Absolutely, primarily in the Drilling Systems sides. And on the pressure pumping, we're pretty much that represented yet, but we're looking at some opportunities there in terms of how best to address the world's second-largest pressure pumping market.
Scott Gruber - Bernstein Asset Management: Now do you think you need rigs, or a rig partner to more effectively compete on the drilling technology side in Russia?
Chadwick Deaton: It's always been part of our strategy there in terms of our assessment. But yes, that's a big component. But Scott, the rig need kind of comes and goes, and depending on what's going on in the marketplace. Sometimes you have short rigs and sometimes you can find it right around any corner. So we look at that and if we think that it's the right way to go, then there's some opportunities out there for us to buckle up for somebody.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of David Anderson with JPMorgan.
David Anderson - Palo Alto Investors: If I'm not mistaken, compared to your peers, you have a much larger portion of your International business that comes from the offshore markets. Just wondering if you have yet to see the impact in offshore services from Macondo. In other words, are you spending more time on the rigs already with new procedures and safety steps, or something like that? Or does it really take a little bit longer to work into the system?
Chadwick Deaton: No, I don't think that Macondo, outside of the Gulf of Mexico, has had a huge effect on the offshore deepwater market. Now several clients, several governments for probably a period of a month or two, did take a look and assessed their performance, safety performance, that type of thing, David. But it hasn't really set us back anywhere. We are seeing a lot more requests from clients asking about our training programs, our certification of employees, a little bit more regarding on some of the technology or where we may be running. But I think for the most part, Brazil, Norway, other places, there was a little bit of effect from Macondo, but not much.
David Anderson - Palo Alto Investors: And when we look at Eastern Hemisphere for next year and take into account the margin guidance that you gave, kind of mid-teens, some of your competitors are suggesting that Eastern Hemisphere margins will take a lot longer to kind of build up. You seem to be kind of feeling that things are going to move up pretty quickly. What are kind of the two to three components in there that get you to your numbers? My understanding is a lot of these contracts are priced two or three years ago. It's kind of taken a while to work into the system. Can you talk it about from a contract standpoint, from internally, what Baker Hughes is doing? And also from the offshore side, kind of how those three components kind of work into your margin progression?
Chadwick Deaton: Well, I think you got to remember we fell a lot further than the competition, so that will allow us to rebound back up a little bit. This isn't totally just a cost structure problem. It's also a tendering issue. Yes, we put our team together 18 months ago and sent them out there. And one of the reasons why was to gain our revenue growth back, which we've done. Now you have to question, are some of those contracts a little aggressive? Yes, probably. And some of them, as they wind off, we will replace them with better margin contracts. That, plus the fact that, as Martin went through, we've made some consolidation and tweaking, if you call it that, for the geomarket structure. This is normal. We did it years ago when I was with another company. And I know one of our rig competitors did the same thing when they reorganized and had to do it a couple of times to get it right. So I think you'll start seeing it in Q4. We have taken some cost out of the system and moving down the path of being able to do that.
Martin Craighead: I guess the only thing I'd add on there is, David, is the supply chain impacts, as well as the BJ synergies. And on these BJ synergies, not just the costs, but also the revenue opportunities jointly. And again, the Philippines is a tremendous example of that. So you put them all together, we're comfortable with the guidance that Chad mentioned in terms of International.
David Anderson - Palo Alto Investors: But it sounds like a big chunk of that's going to happen internally, if I just heard you correctly.
Martin Craighead: That's correct.
Chadwick Deaton: I think a lot of it will happen internally.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Geoff Kieburtz with Weeden.
Geoff Kieburtz - Weeden & Co. Research: Pressure pumping capacity, you mentioned that you've ramped up your expansion of the pressure pumping fleet, but you will modulate that depending on market conditions. What's your lead time now? I mean, how far ahead do you have to make decisions in terms of order date to actually putting equipment in the field?
Chadwick Deaton: Well, it's just mainly, Geoff, the big components. It's the power end, the fluid end and the engine, the chassis, the tractor, those type things. You can get those three, four months out. The bigger lead items, you're kind of looking for more like six months. Like I've mentioned, BJ had backed up considerably on the building of equipment during the negotiations and other things, rightly so. So we had to kind of rebuild that supply chain link beginning earlier this year. But we're looked at as a major player in this area and so the major suppliers in those points know that Baker Hughes is going to be in this business for a long time, so they jump through hoops to make sure that we get our equipment. I'd say you got to be looking at around six months. Now if we start to see some things softening or whatever as we go into 2011, doesn't mean that we still won't continue to build out some fluid ends, power ends, engines. Those things can go on a shelf and replace existing equipment or problems as we go through these equipment. So we have some flexibility there.
Geoff Kieburtz - Weeden & Co. Research: And the other question was simply, do you expect to take any charges in Mexico?
Chadwick Deaton: We've taken everything that -- we take it as we go through it. So if we have the ramp up cost like in Iraq or others, those hit the quarter that we're involved in that quarter. So no, we don't have anything left in it.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Robin Shoemaker with Citi.
Robin Shoemaker - Citigroup Inc: I just wanted to return to the International for a minute. A couple of years ago, the margins were hit a bit by the startup costs in some key international markets. Now here more recently, it seems to be reorganization type of cost, geomarket framework and so forth. And I take that your guidance here is that, the 15% level could be achieved, principally without help from the market. But if the market does rebound more strongly than expected, how are you positioned relative, internationally, relative to the infrastructure that you put in place a few years ago to capture that opportunity? Or was part of that startup process left somewhat unfinished?
Chadwick Deaton: No, I guess I was confused when you say start-up because I'm usually thinking of actually gearing up to handle a contract. We're putting equipment in there, there's that startup cost but there's also just the infrastructure buildout cost, the facilities etc., which we know are going to be there for the next 30 years. One thing, Robin, I want to clarify, that 15% exit rate that we talked about isn't just going to come just all internally. We are expecting that we will see some improvement in the International activity. We said that it would be modest in growing. But we do expect some of that to benefit the margin side as well and, of course, we also feel from the steps that we're taking on the cost side and organization side, that it will contribute quite a bit itself. I think we're pretty well-positioned. If 2011 is a surprise and the second half comes on strong, we have spent a lot of money over these last five years, both in the solid facility infrastructure side, bricks and mortars, you might say, but also on the human capital side. We have a much stronger International management team based in these key markets, again, much closer to the customer, which I think is one of the reasons why we're seeing some success on the revenue side now. So we'll be able to respond. We're in much, much stronger position today than we were a few years ago to handle International growth. And that's why we did all this, that's what we're counting on.
Robin Shoemaker - Citigroup Inc: My follow-up is on the Gulf of Mexico. It seems to be your P&L a little harder than some others, to the extent that this return of drilling drags out and we don't get back to pre-Macondo levels of drilling any time in the next year or perhaps after. What kind of redeployment or perhaps downsizing for the Gulf of Mexico is in your plan? And what are you waiting to see before you kind of trigger that?
Chadwick Deaton: Finish the elections. We have about 350 people that, right now, out of the Gulf group that are based in temporary assignments around the world. We wanted to get -- these are some of our major competitors. These are people that have 20 years of experience and can go anywhere on the world to drill or run a bid or whatever. We don't want to lose those people. So we will watch this. We're talking a lot to our customers right now, the majors as well as the larger independents, trying to get a feel for when they think they'll get back to work. Right now, we've got quite a bit of activity lined up if they can go back and drill. We think we're in a pretty darn good position to do well in the Gulf once the activity returns. Now that being said, by the end of this quarter, if we don't see a seasonal return or some positive signs then obviously, we're going to have to take the next step in terms of our cost structure in the Gulf and do something about it. But as Martin said, from a vessel side, you look at it, vessel business is doing fairly well even in the downturn because of reworks and some laterals and things like that on the shelf. And it's the best backlog we've seen in that area. So we think there's enough optimism or enough lift right now that is going to strengthen a little bit, starting in Q1, that we're going to hold on a little longer where we have to do anything.
Operator: Today's final question will come from the line of Marshall Adkins with Raymond James.
J. Adkins - Raymond James & Associates: Just wanted to clarify the mid-teens margins for International, you guys have done a great job explaining how you're going to get there and whatnot. But that's an exit rate for next year, it's not an average, is that right?
Chadwick Deaton: That's correct.
J. Adkins - Raymond James & Associates: We start plugging in an average of mid-teens and your numbers go up big. Coming back to the pressure pumping side, you did talk about the industry horsepower. Can you help me understand how much horsepower you've added this year? And I know it's early in the budgeting, how much you think you're going to add next year, and kind of what percent of your CapEx that is going to be?
Chadwick Deaton: Well, I don't want to tell you how much we've added because I'd rather let somebody else try to guess and put those numbers out there. I will tell you we are adding a frac fleet every six weeks and have been for the last little while and for the next little while. So that gives you some upside in terms of what we have coming. Now that being said, there's a few factors of why we're adding this much horsepower. One, as I mentioned earlier, the attrition rate is very high for the industry, about twice of what it used to run years ago. And the second area is again, we can look at some equipment, every service company ages their equipment, looks at the life of the equipment and so on. And there's a 10-, 11-, 12-year-old equipment out there in the BJ ranks that we want to be able to replace in time anyway. So we're adding this horsepower now and if we do see it slow down then we'll get rid of some of the older stuff. I hope that answers your question, Marshall.
J. Adkins - Raymond James & Associates: How about percent of CapEx? Can you help us with that?
Chadwick Deaton: Percent of horsepower CapEx versus our total CapEx?
J. Adkins - Raymond James & Associates: Yes. You gave us guidance on total CapEx, but how much of that is BJ chewing up?
Chadwick Deaton: You got our numbers from the beginning of the year. We talked about somewhere around $1 billion to $1.1 billion of Baker Hughes legacy CapEx, and Peter said we're going to be around $1.7 billion for the year.
J. Adkins - Raymond James & Associates: Last part of this, 15% attrition rate for the industry, are you guys in line with that 15%?
Chadwick Deaton: Yes, I mean we go by some of the things we hear from our customers. Customers tell us that our equipment and one of our other competitors, major competitor's equipment seem to be holding up a little better in areas like the Haynesville and others. And I think that's helped us pick up share there. But I think we're at the leading edge of not tearing up as much equipment as some of the people out there.
Gary Flaharty: All right, thanks, Marshall. And thank you Chad, Martin and Peter. I want to thank everyone, all of our participants this morning, for your time and your very thoughtful questions. Following the conclusion of today's call, both Alexey and I will be available to answer any of your additional questions. So once again, thank you for your participation. Dennis?
Operator: Thank you for participating in today's Baker Hughes Inc. conference call. This call will be available for replay beginning at 10:30 a.m. Eastern, 9:30 a.m. Central and will be available through 10:00 p.m. Eastern Time on Monday, November 15, 2010. The conference ID number for the replay is 14716071. The number to dial for the replay is (800) 642-1687 in the U.S. or (706) 645-9291 for international. Thank you. You may now disconnect.

===== 2010 Q2  (2010-08-03 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Martin Craighead - President and Chief Operating Officer Chad Deaton - Executive Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of Executive Committee Peter Ragauss - Chief Financial Officer and Senior Vice President Gary Flaharty - Vice President of Investor Relations
Analysts: David Anderson - Palo Alto Investors Scott Gruber - Bernstein Asset Management Waqar Syed - Macquarie Research Brad Handler - Crdit Suisse AG Joe Hill - Tudor, Pickering & Co. Securities, Inc. J. Adkins - Raymond James & Associates Kurt Hallead - RBC Capital Markets Corporation Stephen Gengaro - Jefferies & Company, Inc. Daniel Boyd - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.
Operator: Good morning. My name is Carrie, and I will be your conference facilitator. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Baker Hughes Second Quarter 2010 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] I would now turn the conference over to Mr. Gary Flaharty, Vice President of Investor Relations. Sir, you may proceed.
Gary Flaharty: Thank you, Carrie, and good morning, everyone. Welcome to the Baker Hughes Second Quarter 2010 Earnings Conference Call. Here with me this morning are Chad Deaton, Baker Hughes' Chief Executive Officer and Chairman; Peter Ragauss, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; and Martin Craighead, President and Chief Operating Officer. Following management's comments, we'll open the lines for your questions. Reconciliation of operating profits and non-GAAP measures to GAAP results for historic periods can be found on our website at www.bakerhughes.com in the Investor Relations section under Financial Information. Finally, I want to caution you that any company outlooks discussed this morning are subject to various risk factors. We'll try to highlight these risk factors as we make these forward-looking statements. However, the format of the call does prevent a thorough discussion of these risk factors. For a full discussion, please refer to our annual report, 10-K, 10-Q, and in particular, the Forward-looking Disclosure in this morning's news release.  With that, I'll conclude our discussion of the administrative details and turn the call over to Chad. Chad?
Chad Deaton: Thank you very much, Gary, and good morning, ladies and gentlemen. Following up on two pretty decent quarters, our great results this past quarter is mixed. On a positive side, operationally, we performed better than expected in North America, Russia and Asia Pacific, where we made some significant improvements sequentially. In North America, we are now well positioned to benefit from the continued increase in our unconventional gas development. And as for our acquisition of BJ Services turned out to be pretty well timed. As a leader in completions, directional drilling, bits and now, pressure pumping, we have the full tool kit we need to compete in the unconventional shale plays. Sequentially, our U.S. Land business showed strong growth. However, the sequential improvement for North America as a whole was muted in Q2 by the moratorium in the Gulf of Mexico, and of course, spring breakup in Canada. Now that we own BJ services, our revenue in the Canadian market has increased by about 80%, as both companies enjoy a very strong presence in the country.  Revenues in Russia made significant improvement both year-over-year, as well as sequentially. Our acquisition of Oilpump Services has given us the uncontested number two position in the Russian ESP [electrical submersible pumping] market, which is the largest ESP market in the world. And in Asia, our new geomarket organization is beginning to deliver contract land wins and improved share. Aside from the temporary slowdown in the Norwegian drilling activity, our European region performed well during the quarter. And in the Middle East, we're winning some contracts and expanding our presence in Iraq. On the other hand, in Africa and Latin America, where we have invested heavily, revenue has lagged and our profit is below our expectations. Africa is particularly difficult challenge for us right now. In North Africa, Libya has announced 30% budget cuts, spending in Algeria is recovering slowly following the change in the management of Sonotrack and Nigeria revenue is down following significant Q4 '09 and Q1 '10 deliveries for the Total Usan completion project. As a result, profits declined in the region and resulted in the temporary increase in our tax rates in some countries, which calculate tax as a percentage of revenue. As for Latin America, we're disappointed with the progress we've made in Mexico. In the second quarter, we're on just two rigs on the ALMA Marine project and if you recall, this is to be a seven rig, 15 well contract. So despite strong operational performance and a significant investment to support larger scale operations, we have been unable to procure more activity. This contract is up for renewal during this quarter, and at this time we intend to let it lapse.  Africa and Latin American regions do have some bright spots. Sub-Sahara Africa revenue was up strong year-over-year, and we're seeing strong year-over-year and sequential performance in our Andean and Brazilian geomarkets. Also in Brazil, we obtain a good contract for the second most active Brazilian operator that further diversify their customer base in the country.  In the quarter, we completed our first year under our new geographical organization, and I'm pleased with our accomplishments in several different areas. We sought to improve our understanding of the market, moving from eight different product line views to a coherent view of each local market and the global market as a whole, and we've done that. We wanted to do a better job of setting R&D priorities for the organization, thus reflecting market priorities. And now, we have a process in place to do that. We wanted to make sure that we didn't compromised our standards for field execution and safety. And today, we have maintained our high level of service quality, as well as our HSE standards. We decided to launch a multiyear effort to upgrade our supply chain and we're beginning to see the benefits of this transformation. We wanted to address the market share growth challenges of the past, and under the new organization we've made progress. Over the last several quarters, we have kept pace with our peers and we are achieving higher success rates on tenders. We also said that the new business model would help us achieve long-term profitability and that is where additional work is required. International margins remain disappointing. I believe we are now about three to four months behind where we expected to be at this time. Now that the regional organizations have a year under their belt, we're increasing our focus on improving efficiency and returning our international margins to acceptable level. On April 28, we closed on our acquisition of BJ Services and began integrating its international operations into those of Baker Hughes. We've established reporting relationships for both BJ and Baker Hughes international managers, and we've aligned operating territories in order to improve coordination between the product lines. Financially, BJ Service has already had a positive impact in our results, excluding the acquisition related costs, and it was slightly accretive to earnings per share in its first two months. Unfortunately, while the international integration is proceeding, we have not yet been able to engage the full power of BJ because of the whole separate order imposed on us by the Department of Justice, which has kept us from combining operations in the United States. As you may know, full integration of our business in the U.S. is predicated on our selling two simulations vessels on the Gulf of Mexico and related assets in order to create a fourth competitor and the same control of stimulation services in the Gulf.  On July 6, we announced that we have reached agreement with a buyer on the sale of the vessels and the associated assets. We now look forward to the DOJ's approval of the grid sale, so we can integrate U.S. operations and take advantage of the opportunities of the combined company in what is our largest shared market. I do want to take just a minute and comment on the Deepwater Horizon accident. This is clearly a tragedy and we cannot forget the fact that 11 lives were lost. A loss of life, the oil spill and the drilling moratorium will test all of us here in the Gulf coast. With so many rigs idled, Baker Hughes has redeployed over 300 people and also a substantial amount of equipment as we move to U.S. land and international offshore markets where deepwater drilling continues. We do remain committed to the deepwater drilling industry. While the loss of life and environmental damages are significant, we believe the industry will rebound. I was working in the U.K. in 1988 when the Piper Alpha disaster occurred. That accident left 165 people dead and resulted in significant improvements in operations in the North Sea and throughout the industry. Operating procedures and safety standards were strengthened and enforced and accident rates have been substantially reduced. The Deepwater Horizon accident likely will result in a similar process and technology improvements that will reduce the risks of deepwater development. Already, customers from around the world were asking service companies to certify that their employees have the right competencies to work offshore. Many are asking us to help train their people, and they're demanding quality programs to verify that equipment does the job that it's told to do.  Financially, the Gulf of Mexico moratorium has negatively impacting our business on the shelf and in the deepwater, with a potential impact of $0.08 to $0.11 per share per quarter in the second half of the year. As was the case with Piper Alpha in the North Sea some 20 years ago, government and the industry must worked together to find the answers and to begin moving forward. As to our outlook, we expect our North America Land business to continue its solid performance as unconventional gas and oil directed drilling in U.S. continues to grow and as the Canada market rebound seasonally. We look forward to completing our integration with BJ Services and attacking this market with our full suite of products and services, and we believe international markets will continue to improve. Deepwater activity outside the United States will continue to be strong. And finally, we expect our emphasis on operational efficiency to help us improve our international margins significantly by year end.  So at this point, I'm going to turn it over to Peter to go through the financials, and then he's going to hand it off to Martin for a review of some operations. Peter?
Peter Ragauss: Thanks, Chad. This morning, we reported net income on a U.S. GAAP basis of $93 million or $0.23 per share. Adding back the impact of a $0.13 charge for acquisition-related cost, our earnings were $0.36 per share. This compares to $0.28 per share a year ago and $0.41 per share for the first quarter of 2010.  Q2 was a very complicated quarter, with a number of factors that impacted results and our disclosure. Last quarter, we gave guidance that our earnings would have been in the low 40s, excluding the impact of the acquisition-related cost, purchase price adjustments for BJ Services and a tax rate between 33% and 34%. So excluding the merger-related cost of $0.13, step up in depreciation and amortization of $0.05 and about a $0.03 impact from the Gulf of Mexico drilling moratorium, underlying operating earnings would have been about $0.44. This also excludes the impact of the change in tax rate of about $0.07. You will notice this morning that we changed our reporting segments from Drilling and Evaluation and Completion and Production to five new segments: North America, Latin America, Europe Africa Russia Caspian, Middle East Asia-Pacific, which are all the same names we used before but they've been replotted slightly, and a new segment called, Industrial and Other. The new Industrial and Other segment consists of our Global Downstream Chemicals, Pipeline Inspection and Reservoir Technology and Consulting businesses. BJ Services historical segments have also been remapped into this five new segments. This was a natural outcome of the organization began last May and recognizes that the transition period, product line management to geographic management has ended, and that our primary process for evaluating performance and allocating resources is now on geographic lines. Many significant changes were related to our acquisition of BJ Services in April 28. Acquisition-related costs, expense in the current quarter were $56 million before tax, $51 million after-tax or $0.13 per share. We acquired BJ mid-quarter, so Q2 only includes results for May and June. U.S. GAAP results from BJ for prior periods are not included in our prior periods. We issued 118 million shares, representing 27.6% of the company, which brought our total share count to a little over 430 million shares. The average share count for the second quarter was 399 million shares. During Q2, our purchase price allocation process for BJ services progress to the point, where we can now provide a reasonable estimate of the fair value adjustments relating to inventory, PP&E and intangibles. As it currently stands, we're ending up with about $1.8 billion in intangibles and a PP&E step up of about $475 million. In addition, as part of the ongoing purchase price allocation analysis, we identified certain transaction cost of approximately $196 million, that we have included as part of the purchase price consideration and then included the amount as part of goodwill.  The preliminary incremental non-cash charge for D&A, depreciation and amortization, is about $172 million annually or about $43 million per quarter. These D&A amounts are offset somewhat by reduced interest expense of $4 million a quarter resulting from a debt reevaluation. This of course is subject to change as we complete our valuation work. Since Q2 includes only two months of BJ, the net impact in this quarter was about $26 million before tax, $18 million after-tax or about $0.05 per share. This charge impacts our reported operating margins, it is allocated to the segments based on where BJ's assets are, mostly North America, Latin America and Asia. As Chad said, for the short two months, BJ Services has contributed to our earnings, it is already accretive on an earnings per share basis and accounted for about 1/3 of the company's EBITDA. This morning, we also provided supplemental information for Q1 2008 through Q2 2010 by quarter. This schedule, which is available on our website as an Excel spreadsheet, shows revenue and operating income for our new segments for Baker Hughes and BJ Services on a pro forma combined basis, including the D&A charges and excluding synergies. Our tax rate in the quarter was 44%. Significantly higher than our previous guidance, reflecting a 39% rate for the first half of 2010. So Q2 reflects this rate along with a true up for the first quarter. The increase in the effective tax rate is primarily due to profits below expectations in certain African countries. This results in unbenefited tax losses in some foreign jurisdictions, where tax losses in countries that impose taxes on revenues were deemed profit. In addition, profits are well over plan in North America at marginal rates between 35% and 37%, and the BJ Services tax rate is planned at 36.5%. After operations. Q2 revenue was $3.4 billion, up 44% or $1.04 billion year-over-year and up 33% or $835 million sequentially, primarily due to the addition of BJ Services for two months.  Looking at quarterly comparisons by segment. North American revenue was $1.5 billion in the second quarter, up 115% year-over-year and up 62% sequentially. Revenue outside of North America is $1.7 billion in the first quarter, up 13% year-on-year and up 16% sequentially. Industrial and Other revenue was $223 million in the first quarter, up 34% year-on-year and up 18% sequentially. As outlined on Table 3 of the earnings release, on a combined pro forma basis, combining BJ Services' and Baker Hughes' results for all prior periods and adding in just the month of April 2010 results for BJ Services, Q2 revenue would have been $3.75 billion, an increase of $629 million or 20% compared to the same period a year ago, and an increase of $88 million or 2% sequentially. Q2 North America revenue would have been $1.73 billion, up $658 million or 61% year-over-year and up $87 million or 5% sequentially.  Outside North America, revenue would have been $1.77 billion, down 2% year-over-year and flat sequentially. And Industrial and Other revenue would have been $247 million, up 3% year-over-year and flat sequentially. Referencing again Table 3 on a pro forma combined basis, our oilfield operating margin for the second quarter was 10%, up 100 basis points from 9% in the first quarter. International margins were flat sequentially at 7%, including the BJ Services businesses. And North America margins increased 300 basis points despite the spring breakup in Canada and the impact of the drilling moratorium. In Q2, our combined corporate costs were $56 million compared to $49 million in Q1 for Baker Hughes stand alone.  Turning to balance sheet. At quarter end, our total debt was $2.9 billion. In the second quarter, we used $480 million in cash and issued $320 million of Commercial Paper in total to fund the $800 million cash portion of the BJ transaction. We also assumed $500 million in debt from BJ Services. Our total debt-to-cap ratio was 18%. We had cash of $900 million and our net debt was $2 billion and our net debt cap ratio was 12%. We also completed two other acquisitions in the quarter for $154 million.  Following the BJ Services transaction, we met with the rating agencies to review our financial condition and our long-term plan. The rating agencies reaffirmed our debt ratings, A by S&P and A2 by Moody's. Today, we have $1.7 billion of committed credit facilities consisting of a three-year $1.2 billion facility accessible through March 2013, and our existing $500 million facility accessible through July 2012. Last, a few thoughts on guidance for the third quarter and the balance of the year. We expect to have a tax rate of 37% to 38%. As mentioned previously, the Gulf of Mexico drilling moratorium will have an impact of $0.08 to $0.11 per share per quarter, we expect corporate cost of $60 million in Q3. And we are on track to meet our first year synergy targets. Finally, CapEx for the combination on a pro forma basis is unchanged at $1.7 billion to $1.8 billion. I'll now turn the call over to Martin, who will highlight our geographic results. Martin?
Martin Craighead: Thanks, Peter. As Chad mentioned, this quarter marks the first year for our new organization. And as I look back over that year, I'm pleased with the progress we've made and the short timeframe in which we did it, and I look forward to capitalizing on the enormous potential of this combined organization. North America had a good quarter. The U.S. rig count averaged 1,506 rigs in the second quarter of 2010, an increase of 571 rigs or 61% from the second quarter of '09, and an increase of 161 rigs or 12% compared to the previous quarter. The horizontal rig count for the second quarter of 2010 increased 102% year-over-year and increased 18% sequentially, reflecting the increase in drilling activity in the unconventional reservoirs. At least 90% of the growth in the U.S. rig count was concentrated in six active plays.  Horizontal Drilling and hydraulic fracturing are prominent in all of these plays and as such, we saw high differential growth in fracturing and related products including our growing Frac-Point multistage completion system. Our AddFRAC frac-fluid treatment service and our extremely successful line of composite plugs. Our ability to ramp up to meet demand for these plug systems is one recent tangible benefit of our new supply chain organization. We've reviewed and overhauled the manufacturing processes, enabling us to double production in less than 12 months and capitalize on this near-term market opportunity. Another couple of highlights for U.S. Land operations this quarter, Hess Corporation awarded Baker Hughes a five-year contract for directional drilling services, drill bits, drilling fluids, pressure pumping, cased hole wireline, logging, packers and completion systems in North Dakota's Bakken Shale play. Also in the Bakken, Baker Hughes installed the first Frac-Point multistage frac system to be instrumented with downhaul fiber optics and electronic monitoring sensors and a 20,000 foot horizontal well, so the customer can acquire realtime downhaul data during the fracturing operations. In the Gulf of Mexico, our business had built up strong sequential momentum prior to the moratorium. We're taking the actions necessary to properly manage the downturn, yet insure we retain our market-leading position once the activity recovers. As Chad mentioned, we remain committed to providing differentiated technology for deepwater applications in the Gulf. During the quarter, for example, Baker Hughes installed electrical submersible pumping systems in two vertical subsea boosting stations located on the seabeds at Shell's deepwater Perdido Field in the Gulf of Mexico. These pumping systems have the capacity to boost up to 125,000 barrels of fluid per day. Canada has had a seasonal spring breakup, yet I'm happy to report that Canada is rebounding quickly, and we sense that Q3 will be a strong quarter for us. The BJ merger has given us an especially strong franchise position in Canada, and the teams are integrating at a great pace and sharing ideas and opportunities to leverage the synergies there. For example, one of the largest SAGD producers in Canada awarded us the contract to complete all of their 50 SAGD heavy oil wells in 2010. Latin America has a very diverse mix of geomarkets. We are experiencing strong performance in the Andean and Brazil geomarkets. In Brazil, for example, we were awarded and offshore multiproduct contract for a Brazilian independent, the second most active operator in the country. The award includes directional drilling, logging while drilling, wireline and surface logging and realtime monitoring services. Not much has changed in either Venezuela, which remains difficult because of the payment issues or in the Southern Cone, which is dominated by high operating cost particularly labor cost in Argentina. Mexico is, however, the most disappointing. Budget cuts have idled industry capacity and flooded nearby markets, creating incremental pricing pressure in what was already a low-priced market. In Europe, revenues declined in the quarter, primarily due to a dramatic but temporary shift in activity from drilling and evaluation in Norway in the first quarter to completions in Q2, and the impact of a stronger dollar on our local currency service revenues in the U.K. compared to the first quarter. In June, we open our Eco-Centre Waste Management Facility in Peterhead, Scotland, to serve the North sea with environmentally compliant waste processing services from the rig site to final disposal. And as Chad mentioned, our results in Africa were disappointing and won't show meaningful improvement until Q4. Activity in Africa had been strong in the last couple of quarters, however, projects in four countries finished during the quarter for us. Operations in Angola are down to a rig dispute that halted work on a major project of ours. And in North Africa, Q2 revenues were impacted by project delays in Algeria and severe budget cuts by our customers in Libya. In Russia, activity improved in the second quarter, over a weak Q1 and as long as oil prices remain above $70, we believe our customers will continue to invest. Our Middle East performance was driven by the Saudi Arabia and Gulf geomarkets, as key product deliveries of screen, ESPs and safety valves were completed. In Saudi Arabia, the mobilization of our coiled tubing drilling rig was delayed for the entire quarter, but the project is now underway. A second hybrid rig is in the country and will be mobilized next quarter. Our Saudi Arabia geomarket, received a purchase order for 30 permanent downhaul monitoring systems to be used in conjunction with intelligent well systems, and we achieved the milestone of completing and controlling more than 1 million feet of reservoir section with EQUALIZER technology. Our operation in Iraq is up and running. We will install our first ESP this months, and I'm pleased to announce that we signed a three-year technical services agreement with the Iraqi South Oil Co. for the deployment of wireline data acquisition and logging services.  We saw growth across the broad region of Asia Pacific, specifically in the completion, artificial lift and fluids product lines and growth was strongest in Australia and Indonesia. During the quarter, we were awarded upper completion contracts in Australia and drilling and evaluation service contracts in Indonesia and China. PetroChina awarded Baker Hughes a contract to supply 77 multistage open hole Frac-Point completions systems for horizontal wells in China's second largest onshore oil and gas field. We also signed a strategic two-year framework agreement with PetroChina Tarim Oilfield Co. to supply directional and vertical drilling systems, formation evaluation services, completion services, artificial lift technology and electrical submersible pump systems in the Tarim field in Northwest China. Some final words on our merger with BJ Services. From an international perspective, the BJ Services acquisition is fundamentally complete and the international teams from both organizations have been meeting to develop joint approaches to customers and to exploit the co-location opportunities. We've also begun to see some benefits in our international operations. In Indonesia, Baker Hughes is getting chemical treatment business based on BJ Services' ongoing coiled tubing operations in that country. In the UAE, Baker Hughes and BJ Services obtained a joint contract to work on seven offshore rigs together. And in Iraq, we're moving BJ Services coiled tubing and cementing units onto the Baker Hughes base that's already established in country.  We're 14 months into our geographic organization, the structure has improved our ability to understand our market and better serve our customers. It has enabled us to standardize numerous functional processes and procedures and implement our supply chain strategy. All of which were impossible on the previous structure. Today we're focused on leveraging the benefits of the international geomarkets to improve productivity and efficiency and to fine tune our overhead and support cost at our geomarket, region, product line and corporate functions. We will be making adjustments focused on international margins. Finally, I want to let you know that our supply chain initiatives are proceeding full steam ahead. We are consolidating vendors and leveraging our purchasing power. We have trimmed our manufacturing footprint and adopted lean manufacturing processes to deliver more output from the same fixed cost base. We're also reviewing labor costs globally and working to geographically align our manufacturing capacity to more efficiently supply customers in our geomarkets. Again, all of this made possible by last year's reorganization.  And with that, I'll turn the call back over to Chad.
Chad Deaton: Okay. Thank you, Martin. We went on a little longer today with our comments than what we normally do. So I think, Gary, let's just open it up for questions. We have a lot to talk about.
Gary Flaharty: Thank you, Chad. At this point, I'll ask Carrie to open the line for your questions. To give everyone a fair chance to ask a question, we do ask that you limit yourself to a single question and a related follow-up question. So, Carrie, at this point, can we have the first question, please.
Operator: Your first question comes from Joe Hill of Tudor, Pickering, Holt.
Joe Hill - Tudor, Pickering & Co. Securities, Inc.: Chad, I noticed in your release you expressed confidence that your operating margins in international would improve significantly by the end of the year. And kind of given what we saw in the second quarter with ECA, Africa in particular and Latin America, could you tell us what gives you confidence that you can meet those targets?
Chad Deaton: Joe, Q2, and Martin said in his comments, Q3, Africa will not return until Q4 in terms of improvement. Africa and Q4, Q1 of last year and this last quarter is very strong, but fell off for various regions in North Africa and parts of West Africa in Q2, and that will carry through into Q3. And we see Africa, kind of, back in Q4. Also, we see in Europe, Norway, which has been very strong for us and a shift mainly from drilling to completions. But that already is moving back into the drilling sides, so we see Norway return in Q3 and Q4. U.K. is picking up. I mean, the rig count is forecast to be up around 20% for the second half of the year versus first half, so we see that improving there with the strength in Europe. Both Middle East and Asia by Q4, again, I think Q3 is going to be, kind of, a quarter similar probably to Q2. But I think by Q4, we're starting to see different activity from Iraq to these contracts in the Emirates, there's some work in Oman, Egypt's picking up. So the forecast is showing that the Middle East, Asia, Q4, we should see some improvement there. And of course, we got some things to do in Latin America in Q3, which we should see the benefits of in Q4. So you don't want to plan this thing out, looks like Q4 will start showing the improvement.
Joe Hill - Tudor, Pickering & Co. Securities, Inc.: And if you exclude pressure pumping, what product line performed the best in the quarter, relative to your expectations, and what was the worst?
Chad Deaton: I think drilling services, drilling systems continue to perform well. I don't any of them were really the worst. I think, probably, wireline North America has got some of the most challenges. I think bids are coming back due to the rig count increase in North America. ESPs, obviously, always swing back-and-forth based on orders, big orders quarter-over-quarter, but ESP business had a fairly decent quarter. Obviously, as you said, Joe, pressure pumping was clearly the strongest of all the product line.
Joe Hill - Tudor, Pickering & Co. Securities, Inc.: Finally, for Peter, the incremental tax rate obviously, took a big step up here. Given the forecast improvements and profitability, should we expect the tax rate to come down for 2011?
Peter Ragauss: We do think we'll probably come down in 2011. If we do get a nice uptick, steady uptick in international margins, which we're expecting beginning in Q4, it's going to help. And if we can stay at those levels and improve from there, it's going to help a lot. The other thing we've got going on is we're reviewing our cost structures and margins from a tax perspective, and we're looking for efficiencies as integrate Baker and BJ together. There's a lot we can do there with the expected tax planning. So a couple of levers we've got there going into 2011.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Stephen Gengaro of Jefferies.
Stephen Gengaro - Jefferies & Company, Inc.: I guess two things. I'll start with North American margins. If you look at, I guess, Table 3 that you provided. The incrementals were, I think, north of 60% despite Canada. How should we think about that going forward? And finally, can you give us some sense for what the biggest drivers were there?
Chad Deaton: Stephen, this is Chad. The biggest driver is North America. If you go back to the pressure pumping, very strong incrementals and pressure pumping. Land, traditional legacy, Baker Hughes, decent incrementals, not as strong as first quarter, but decent in the second quarter. I think, going forward, what you'll see is right now on the pressure pumping side, we're maxed out. We are adding equipment. Some is actually coming in this week from some capital equipment that we authorized back in January to be built. So that's rolling out. That will give us some continuous revenues and help with some incrementals on there. There's still some room for pricing on pressure pumping, that's coming up. I think where we've got our other side is, although we were tight on some of the other traditional product lines, directional drilling, bits, et cetera, we're not as tight there as we are in the pressure pumping equipment side. So that gives us some room to continue to grow in second half of the year. I think that will be the breakdown of, I would see incrementals through the rest of the year.
Stephen Gengaro - Jefferies & Company, Inc.: Just as a follow-up, you've mentioned, I think, pro forma, CapEx unchanged, is there any reallocation of that, sort of, to North America pressure pumping versus other areas?
Chad Deaton: Yes, we set it, 1 7 to 1 8, or roughly about 600 million through the first half of the year spending. That's typical usually the second half spends more than the first half just to -- people get their orders in at the end of the first quarter, et cetera. Obviously, the BJ side of that is a fair amount of the CapEx, and probably about 60% of BJ's capital plan for this year is for North America. And that's kind of split between Canada and the U.S. land. And then the other 40% of BJ is international, as far as legacy, Baker Hughes, most of our capital continues to be for international operations.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Kurt Hallead of RBC Capital Markets.
Kurt Hallead - RBC Capital Markets Corporation: You guys referenced the waiting on the DOJ to approve the sales of steam assets. I think when you guys announced it at the beginning of July, the expectation was hopefully to have a close by the end of July? Could you give us some general update as to when you think you might be able to close this transaction?
Chad Deaton: Kurt, I wished I could. We're surprised it's not closed as well. We continue to get back in front of the DOJ almost everyday. I send an email asking where we stand, our team. We're just waiting on some final things that they need to go through at the buyer, but we're hoping that this happens pretty soon. It is a tremendous inconvenience for us right now.
Kurt Hallead - RBC Capital Markets Corporation: You're kind of at a point where you're hesitant or really -- given the DOJ situation, you really can't handicap the timing at this stage?
Chad Deaton: No.
Kurt Hallead - RBC Capital Markets Corporation: I had a follow-up here, Peter. I was wondering if you could just -- you've mentioned that your synergies are on track. Just for the benefit of us with early-stage Alzheimer, can you go through the list of the synergies for us once again?
Peter Ragauss: Yes, what we said was we expected the first 12-month synergies of $75 million and an additional $75 million in the following 12 months. In the first 12 months, most of those will be, sort of, in the corporate functions, and associated with the change of control payments and everything else. And I'm happy to report that in the first two months that we've owned BJ, we've achieved $10 million of synergies. So I want to say, we're well on track, I mean, we're 6/7 of the way there for the first year. And then, going forward, we've got a lot of opportunities in publicating facilities, back-office synergies as we put our systems together. We're working together already internationally on combined supply-chain activities, chemicals, purchases and things like that. All of that's starting to unfold now, but that was more or less, in the plan for the second year.
Kurt Hallead - RBC Capital Markets Corporation: Given the delay in the DOJ approval here of this transaction and the full integration of the BJ U.S. operations, you guys are going to have to run even faster in the back half of the year? Or could you give us some general color on how you think you might be able to make up for the lost time?
Chad Deaton: Kurt, I don't think it's going to affect that much. As Peter said, a lot of that was the corporate that is being worked on or is being done. It has nothing to do with just the U.S. land-type operation. And as far as some of the other synergies, that's more -- a lot of that involves a combination of basis that are facilities or offices, which I think, last time I looked in the far east, they've identified some 13 offices that could be co-located. And whereas in North America, it's going to be a little harder to combine facilities just because of the size of BJ's facilities and the amount of horsepower and equipment they have. We don't have anything big enough for them to move in with us and vice versa. So we never did consider that type of synergy in the U.S. We looked mainly internationally, where we felt there was a lot of combination. We're working on that already.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Dan Boyd of Goldman Sachs.
Daniel Boyd - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: Chad, you mentioned that you increased your, you can increase CapEx for BJ, but it looks like they're still spending a decent amount this year. Some of the data out there suggests that BJ lost some market share during the last cycle. How do you think about the competitive position of the combined company going forward? Do you want to take back some of that lost market share? Or is the goal really just to maintain the current position?
Chad Deaton: I think everybody lost -- all the majors lost market share in the last cycle, obviously, it's gone from three or four big players to 15 or 16 players. So everybody gave up a little bit. I think BJ did lose a little bit, maybe a point. It's not our goal to go out there and build a whole bunch of excess equipment and take all of that market share back. We will defend the market share. We're not going to let it go down anymore, and that's one reason why we are building some additional equipment. BJ is turning down work today, and we just don't want that number to get too big. I think there is the danger that this history has shown it's overbuilt, and that's always a possibility out there, but we're trying to balance the amount of equipment. They didn't build a lot last year, just simply because they're really tightened up, so we've done a little bit more. Like I said, we authorized some in January and we just authorized some more large 3,000-horsepower freight to be built for the second half of the year delivered in October, November. And then we'll watch it and see what market conditions are doing at the time.
Daniel Boyd - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: Your guys are impacted a little bit more by the Canadian seasonality than some of your peers. Can you just of the statistics on what you saw in U.S land revenues sequentially, maybe on a pro forma basis? And then also talk about the margin progression you sold just in U.S. land specifically as the quarter progressed?
Chad Deaton: Well we don't break out U.S. land versus Canada in terms of margin or anything, but in general, we saw U.S. land margins improve dramatically in BJ and nicely in Baker Hughes. Canada wasn't as bad as we thought it was going to be. It held up better, if you'd look at it during what our plan, we thought, the break-up wasn't as bad. And that holds true for both BJ, as well as Baker Hughes. Baker's always been in pretty good shape up in Canada due to our split of services on completion and in the ESPs and the chemical sides, so that helps condition us or I guess, positions us a little better in Canada during the breakup. There's no doubt BJ gets hit hard. As Martin made a comment though, we see Q3 coming back pretty strong, for both BJ as well as Baker Hughes. And I think Q3, Q4 should be good quarters for us. We see land, U.S., we talked about continuing to go forward. I don't think Canada will offset the problems we have in the Gulf on the moratorium, which we talked about.
Daniel Boyd - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: The one thing I'm just trying to make sure, is there any reason, I think, peers are reporting margins, I think, as we look our for the third quarter, probably in the mid-teens range at least. And I think that Halliburton just reported over 20% in North America, though they don't have as much Canadian exposure. Are you on track to hit those type of numbers in the back half of the year?
Chad Deaton: We'll throw out the Gulf, and I would say yes, I'm not afraid of those mid-teens to high-teens margins.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Marshall Adkins of Raymond James.
J. Adkins - Raymond James & Associates: I want to focus, just stay on the North American topic just for a minute here. Peter said some pretty impressive sequential margins. Help me to understand where your margin improvements' going to come from? I mean, you mentioned Canada, obviously, BJ. And you were huge in Canada, so it's a down quarter. We're going to get some improvement there. But were you exceptionally large in the Gulf of Mexico and/or, could you share with us how BJ margins are comparing to Baker margins as we go forward?
Martin Craighead: Marshall, this is Martin. Let me take a crack at that. In terms of, how do we see the margins progressing and why, I will make a follow-up on some of the comments Chad made. Across all product lines and across all of the key basins in U.S., we've begun to see price movement. And obviously, in some of the product lines, directional drilling, as well as some of the key completion technologies, like our Frac-Point and our composite plugs, there's differential pricing movement there. I think we're also seeing in some of those key basins, our customers' prepared, besides just a supply tightening, there was a strong focus on the customers to improve their efficiency, improve the recoverable numbers. Some of the drilling is getting tougher, not easier, even though we're drilling further in more concentrated profiles. So we're seeing a willingness like never before to pay for technology in certain debates. And certainly, it's not across all customers yet, but that's gaining some traction. And then, we are very anxious, more so than anybody out there listening to get this whole separate off of us. And the numbers we're presenting today are really just an accounting exercise of adding BJ for two months in us. And that's not why we bought BJ. And you know that, Marshall, there's a whole lot of synergy that a couple of our competitors are able to enjoy. And it's not just on the cost side, more importantly in this market, it's in the solutions that we're able to bring forward to the customer. And we were probably less able to do that now since the announcement of the acquisition than before. So, we're running it separately as we're supposed to. So working together, being very selective on the prize, but more aggressive than in the past, and by no means as U.S. land dried up when it comes to technology, so I'd say that's the three main areas, if that answers your question.
J. Adkins - Raymond James & Associates: And follow-up to that, it sounds like getting the approval of the disposition of the Sand Control business is going to be a big deal for you guys in terms of integrating those two, which is helpful. Can you give us some sense of -- the business you're getting, you're selling to superior. What was the run rate of that business before it was sold, or is there such a thing?
Peter Ragauss: Annual revenues, roughly, $70 million or so. And profitability varies depending on what jobs you're on, right?
Chad Deaton: It's really hard to try to pull it together and come up with a number.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Scott Gruber of Bernstein.
Scott Gruber - Bernstein Asset Management: Do you think you can grow, or at least, defend your pressure pumping market share without growing capacity on par with the market, due to the combined offering of the two companies? Or is the pumping horsepower really required at this point?
Chad Deaton: Scott, I missed the first part. You were cutting out. Could you repeat that?
Scott Gruber - Bernstein Asset Management: Do you think you can grow or at least defend your pumping market share without growing capacity on par with the market?
Chad Deaton: Yes, I think we can. I think it goes back to what Martin just talked about. I think that once we're able to combine the full breadth of services that we can bring to the client, along with some of the things that we're doing on reservoir mapping, micro-sized [indiscernible] and various other things, I do think we'll be able to gain that market share. Now there's no doubt the horsepower side of things is critical. And you don't have the horsepower, you can't grow the market much. But I do think that we probably can do a better job as an industry in terms of picking where these fracs need to take place, perhaps, bypassing some zones and increasing size on other zones. I just think over the next year or two, the industry's got to move forward to be, rather than just brute treatment, need to be a little more selective and technology understanding of the formations. I think that's the excitement again, as Martin said, why we bought BJ, to bring this total package to the client.
Scott Gruber - Bernstein Asset Management: Turning to Mexico, Chad, can you update us as to your plans for your people on equipment in the country? You highlighted your intention not to renew the Alma Marine contract, and obviously, you're onshore activity is down as well. Can you just provide some color on your plans there, for your people and equipment?
Chad Deaton: Yes, we're already -- some of that is project-management backs. So some of these people are operational people to manage projects. There are already several of those have been relocated to various projects around the world. Some of it goes on down to Brazil to support the growth and activity in Brazil. Some of these people even come back up to help support U.S. land, ask them things, we can go back and forth on some of our Mexican employees there. So right now, there are some areas around the world that require help. Now at equipment, again, we need to just find the right home for some of that equipment and move it around. The good news is, with the exception of pressure pumping equipment, log-in tools, et cetera, can be moved pretty easily.
Scott Gruber - Bernstein Asset Management: The discussion of a significant expansion in CapEx by PEMEX, does that incentivize you to keep more operational support in the country during the second half of the year?
Chad Deaton: Well, we'll keep a base there, Scott. We'll, obviously, keep a few bases there. We have ongoing work with PEMEX and we'll maintain a presence, but we're not going to keep a lot of equipment, anxiously waiting for the thing to take off. There is a lot of competition down there right now. We all are overstaffed. I think everybody is in the process of reallocating assets and people. And we'll see once that budget comes out and activity starts up -- and again, we've got the facilities there. We've got the base case we can build once that happens.
Martin Craighead: This is Martin. Let me just clarify a point. As Chad mentioned, allowing that contract to lapse is the only, really, structural thing we're doing in Mexico. I mean, we're still participating on ATG labs. I think we're managing nearly 100 wells for them right now, in terms of monitoring and collecting the data, and it's progressing as planned. And we have ongoing businesses in the North and in the Central and the South, as well as offshore. It's just that project, which was a big resource hog, if you will, in this global market that has just got a lot better places for it to be redeployed and that's what we're doing.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Brad Handler of Crdit Suisse.
Brad Handler - Crdit Suisse AG: A basic question just to see if you -- to the degree to which you can help us, can you give us some guidance for the third quarter EPS?
Chad Deaton: No, I think what you have to look at, Brad, is we talked about Africa continuing the problems through the third quarter. We've got to continue to fix Latin America, especially Mexico through some of that. We have the Gulf moratorium which we said $0.08 to $0.11. Now that's, kind of, the negative areas, where on the positive areas, you've got an ongoing continued strength in land U.S., which we don't see any weakness coming out of that in third quarter. And you get a good strong recovery in Canada, probably won't offset the Gulf of Mexico, but it will definitely help. You see Europe bouncing back with the U.K. activity, and you see Norway bouncing back from the drilling to completions back to drilling. Russia had a very good quarter, probably more hold in that area through Q3 and slow improvement in Middle East and Asia in Q3. But there's still a lot of moving parts out there, obviously, trying to get one more quarter, BJ rolled in from two. And some ongoing, just some clean-up issues -- as the organization, as Martin said, we're ready to tweak certain things internationally a little bit. So I just don't think we're ready to throw out a guidance number out for Q3.
Brad Handler - Crdit Suisse AG: It's just that area of -- you're talking about getting some synergies. You're obviously, anticipating a bit more in the tax rate -- it sounds like you're anticipating some recovery on some of those markets, but I know how much of that, perhaps, is cost-driven, not activity-driven. How much can we think about in terms of, sort of, structural margin improvement as you're pushing your way through? Or maybe it makes sense to ask it across the second half of the year just on that basis? I mean, how much can we think about you getting, just in terms of raw cost improvement, supply chain organization, synergy with BJ and help us put some numbers around that, please?
Chad Deaton: I would just put Q3 in as carry through from Q2-type number, but good recovery in Q4...
Brad Handler - Crdit Suisse AG: Not much benefit for any of that?
Chad Deaton: You see Q4 being much better. We actually are pretty bullish when we look at where we are in the company. We love this new organization. We're now ready to take the next step, in terms of some efficiency gains in this organization. Clearly, we got better relationships with our customers around the world than we've ever had. We're excited about getting BJ. We see what's happening on the international front, how well that's working and going and we're really excited about getting the U.S. deal close, so we can take advantages of that. And internationally, we see activity improving, especially as they sit around the Q4 and on into 2011. So I think we need another quarter, as I made in my comments, think about three to four months behind. I think we thought we'd be right now on our international margins, so that puts us -- in Q4, we should see that improvement.
Chad Deaton: Peter, in Q3, can you help us with D&A and expected, kind of, SG&A expenses?
Peter Ragauss: D&A, about $310 million to $320 million for the combined company. We talked to you about corporate expense being up just a little bit. We haven't run the SG&A as we reported. I have to run those numbers ahead. We've got it in that format.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Waqar Syed of Macquarie Company.
Waqar Syed - Macquarie Research: You have a comment in your press release that you're helping South Oil Company in Iraq to develop their wireline capabilities. I just want to understand, does that mean you're going to be selling wireline equipment to them? Or you're just helping them in data interpretation and those kind of services?
Martin Craighead: Yes to all of the above, Waqar. The Iraqi South Oil Company has been a big customer of Baker Hughes in the Logging business for years and years. And their fleets of equips logging trucks already in Iraq from previous purchases. But this agreement is a three-year renewable contract between South Oil Company and Baker Hughes to upgrade some of the existing equipment, to train the local logging crews that are employed by South Oil Company, then help them maintain the equipment and to train their engineers on running some of the newer technology. And on occasions where higher levels of technology are required on their fleet, then we will deploy Baker Atlas-type of technology, such as magnetic resonance or the reservoir characterization instruments on their trucks. Now that is completely separate from the two logging trucks that Baker has already have in Iraq at our base.
Waqar Syed - Macquarie Research: On the R&D side, what would be the combined R&D for cost of the BJ Services and Baker's? And do you see reduction on a pro-forma basis, are the costs going to remain the same, or do you see some synergies in that area as well?
Chad Deaton: It's roughly $500 million combined on an annual basis. We, right now, don't anticipate any reduction in that, probably be a little bit of synergies in improvement. But we'll probably hold that in that ballpark going forward.
Gary Flaharty: Carrie, we're reaching the bottom of the hour. Can we take one final question please?
Operator: Your final question will come from the line of David Anderson of JPMorgan.
David Anderson - Palo Alto Investors: I've got another question on the capacity. You mentioned on the pressure pump, maybe I'll ask, probably a different way. Perhaps you disagree, but it seemed pretty apparent that BJ under invested in this business in the year, leading up to the acquisition. But now that you finally have the reins, I was just wondering if you have a sense to how much capital you would need to spend on equipment to get to par? In other words, what percentage of the fleet do you think needs to be overhauled? Is it a third, quarter, half? Do you have any sense of that right now?
Chad Deaton: Not as much as we would like based on a whole set, but we haven't been able to dig into that as much as we'd want. Their equipment's not in bad shape. I think it's mainly in the last year, year and a half that, perhaps, there was a little bit of underspending. But it's way less than a quarter of the equipment that is old, so I don't think we have a huge amount to go to catch up.
David Anderson - Palo Alto Investors: So you think you can get there over the next 12 months?
Chad Deaton: I think we can. Obviously, what we're looking at doing today in the equipment that we're building, if in time, there's a downturn, what we'd do is cut up a lot of the older equipment and replace it with equipment that we're building now. Right now, you're using every piece of equipment you've got in the yard. So you just want to continue to keep it growing down the road, downturn hits, you get rid of the old stuff and replace it with the new stuff you built over this last year.
David Anderson - Palo Alto Investors: I was wondering if you could just expand a little bit more on that contract you mentioned with Hess in the Bakken. I'm kind of interested in the mechanics of it. Is there a set amount of volume that's associated with that, that's guaranteed? How's the pricing change of the life of the contract? Is it in index in some away?
Chad Deaton: I'll answer the first part because I know the answer and I'll let Martin answer the second part because I don't know the answer. There's certain products that have a certain guarantee. Directional drilling, for example, pressure pumping, you have a certain amount of guaranteed contract, not guaranteed. You obviously got to perform. But then some of the other things in various bits and a few other product lines are based more in other things. As far as the pricing goes, it is a five-year type contract. Martin, you want to comment about the pricing?
Martin Craighead: David, I don't know if it's indexed. I know there is a component of the volume. This is split with another major service company, but there is a performance-driven share allocation as well. But in terms of the indexing, I got to tell you, I don't know the answer to that.
Chad Deaton: We end up with 80% of the drilling and completion work and 30% of the pressure pumping. And the other company, as Martin commented, it's the 20% and 70% and then there's a bunch of axillary-type products that are bought as a project goes forward?
David Anderson - Palo Alto Investors: And safe to say, you wouldn't have gotten this contract if hadn't had BJ?
Chad Deaton: I don't know if you can say that. I think it obviously helped in the sense that it makes -- the customers saw that this was eventually going to be one company. And I think they -- we went after these contracts individually. We couldn't negotiate or discuss with BJ until they did that on their own and we did the rest of it on our own, but the client obviously knew that this process was going to eventually conclude and we'd be one company.
David Anderson - Palo Alto Investors: One of the drivers behind BJ deal was to compete better internationally, particularly on the IPM contracts. Nobody's, sort of, been talking about that much this quarter. I was wondering if you could, kind of, articulate a bit what you're seeing on that front? Is bidding activity heating up anywhere? Do you expect to see any contracts announced at year end or kind of, economic concerns and oil fundamentals keeping those activities on hold for the foreseeable future?
Chad Deaton: I think there's been a little wind down in project management-type projects for a couple reasons. One is, probably, the Gulf of Mexico, probably got everybody looking at how much risk you would want to take, definitely not much in deepwater as a service company. But I think that just make you look at all projects around the world a little bit. And then Of course, what's happened in Mexico has not turned out to be the best projects for anybody who have geared up for it, so I think that slowed down a little bit. Now I do think that by the end of the year and into next year, that we'll probably resume. Algeria was a big place where there was a lot of work going on, on project management. I don't think that stopped because of a concern about project management. It stopped because of the change of management in Sonatrach. And we are seeing -- the guys sat down, as Martin said, internationally between the BJ and Baker Hughes folks and identified some $2.3 billion worth of opportunity over the next 12 months of going in together to tender on projects. Some of those should win without pressure pumping. In some cases, you're able to get pull through, so it's hard to break it up. I think without a doubt, we see the future internationally, with the sea mane[ph], the coiled tubing and the pressure pumping, a lot of pull through in opportunity.
Gary Flaharty: Thank you, David. And thank you Chad, Martin and Peter. I want to take this opportunity to thank everyone, all of our participants this morning for your time and your very thoughtful question. Following the conclusion of today's call, we'll be available to answer any additional questions you may have. So once again, thank you for your participation. Carrie?
Operator: Thank you for participating in today's Baker Hughes Incorporated Conference Call. This call will be available for replay beginning at 10:30 a.m Eastern time, 9:30 a.m. Central, and will be available through 10:00 p.m. Eastern Time on Tuesday, August 17, 2010. The conference ID number for the replay is 77200293. The number to dial for the replay is (800)642-1687 in the U.S. or (706)645-9291, international. Once again, thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2010 Q1  (2010-05-04 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Martin Craighead - Chief Operating Officer and Senior Vice President Chad Deaton - Executive Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, President and Chairman of Executive Committee Gary Flaharty - Vice President of Investor Relations Peter Ragauss - Chief Financial Officer and Senior Vice President
Analysts: Robin Shoemaker - Citigroup Inc Kurt Hallead - RBC Capital Markets Corporation Stephen Gengaro - Jefferies & Company, Inc. J. Adkins - Raymond James & Associates Michael Urban - Deutsche Bank AG Daniel Boyd - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.
Operator: Good morning. My name is Celeste and I will be your conference facilitator. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Baker Hughes First Quarter 2010 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to turn the conference over to Mr. Gary Flaharty, Vice President of Investor Relations. Sir, you may proceed.
Gary Flaharty: Thank you, Celeste and good morning, everyone. Welcome to the Baker Hughes First Quarter 2010 Earnings Conference Call. With me here this morning are Chad Deaton, Baker Hughes' President, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman; Peter Ragauss, Baker Hughes' Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; and Martin Craighead, Senior Vice President and our Chief Operating Officer. Following management's comments this morning, we'll open the lines for your questions. Reconciliation of operating profits and any non-GAAP measures to GAAP results for historic periods can be found on our website and within the news release. Website is www.bakerhughes.com and you can find it in the Investor Relations section under Financial Information. Last, I would caution you that any company outlooks discussed this morning are subject to various risk factors. We'll try to highlight these risk factors as we make these forward-looking statements. However, the format of the conference call does prevent a more thorough discussion of these risk factors. For a full discussion of these risk factors, please refer to our annual report 10-K or 10-Q, and the particular, the forward-looking disclosure in this morning's news release. With that, I'll conclude our discussion of the administrative details and turn the call over to Chad Deaton. Chad?
Chad Deaton: Thank you, Gary, and good morning, everyone. Q1 was a good quarter for Baker Hughes. We delivered strong results in North America, with the increase in drilling activity and the benefits of a lean organization drove the improvement in our operating margins. And I have to say as a credit to our North America geomarket and management team that they delivered this margin improvement without significant price increases in the quarter. Their focus on individual basins rather than discrete product lines is beginning to deliver share gains in North America. International activity is showing signs of improvement. It's driven by steady oil prices and the need to offset declines and to meet the demand from China and India. And over the last several quarters, our geomarket organization has delivered what we call stable market share, laying the foundation for future market share gains. In many international markets, we continue to face price pressure, resulting from contract negotiations and tenders that were awarded in 2009. In addition, competition for market share is also contributing to lower pricing. However, we believe that our international operating margins reached a bottom in Q1. Margin improvement will be an important area of focus for our geomarkets in 2010. We expect margins to show very solid improvement in the second half of the year. Last week, we closed on the acquisition of BJ Services and the integration of the two companies' international operations has already begun. For example, we are already beginning to mobilize coil tubing and C-manning units [ph] into our base in Iraq, which will be open by the end of June. As noted in the past, the acquisition of BJ Services is significant for Baker Hughes as it addresses a major gap in our product portfolio. It enhances our ability to deliver integrated operations and although it increases our exposure to North America, it also significantly enhances our international growth opportunities. In conjunction with the acquisition, we have agreed to sell two vessels and related assets in the Gulf of Mexico. Until that sale is complete, we are required to operate Baker Hughes and BJ Services U.S. operations separately. We expect the sale of these vessels to be completed in the next few months when we've experienced a high-level interest in these assets. We look forward to realizing the full potential that will come from combination of the two companies. To manage the standalone U.S. business during the divestiture period, and to help quickly integrate the international portion of BJ, we have appointed Andy O'Donnell as President of BJ Services. At this point, I'm going to turn the call over to Peter, for a financial review and then Martin, for an operational review and I'll come back later with some closing comments about what we see for future activity and then well open it up later for Q&A. Peter?
Peter Ragauss: Thanks, Chad. This morning, we reported net income on a U.S. GAAP basis of $129 million or $0.41 per share. This compares to $0.63 per share a year ago and $0.27 per share for the fourth quarter of 2009. Q1 revenue was $2.5 billion, down 5% or $129 million year-over-year and up 5% or $110 million sequentially. Looking at quarterly comparisons, our North American revenue was $1 billion in the first quarter, down 5% year-over-year and up 16% sequentially. Revenue outside of North America was $1.5 billion in the first quarter, also down 5% year-on-year and down 2% sequentially. In recent quarters, we have provided a breakdown of costs associated reorganization, severance and increases in the allowance for doubtful accounts, due to the magnitude of these event-driven charges. For the first quarter, these expenses were not significant. We don't believe it is necessary to highlight them as unusual in their magnitude. However, we will continue to highlight acquisition-related costs, as they will be significant in the second quarter. Acquisition related costs in Q1 were $10 million or $0.02 per share. As has been our practice, for the balance of our comments this morning, references to operating profit and operating profit margins will be on this adjusted basis. So our oil field operating margin for the first quarter was 11%, down from 12% in the fourth quarter. North American margin was particularly strong, with a sequential incremental margin of 45%. Before I cover sequential and year-on-year bridges, I want to highlight a change that we have made in accounting for certain corporate costs. In the first quarter and in the future, we are reallocating certain costs from corporate to operations, who are most directly responsible for managing these costs. In Q1, our corporate costs were $49 million compared to $76 million recorded in Q4. Q2 corporate costs for Baker Hughes standalone, are expected to increase to about $55 million. To help you evaluate our earnings per share in the first quarter, Ill review the significant items that bridges sequential and year-ago quarters to the first quarter EPS of $0.41. In Q4 2009, our U.S. GAAP net income per share was $0.27. From this $0.27, subtract $0.01 for the net impact of lower acquisition related charges, higher tax rate and higher share count compared to Q4 and to account for the non-recurrence of the gain on investments in the fourth quarter, add $0.02 for lower net interest expense. We had a favorable change in the fair value of one of our interest rate swaps, add $0.05 for lower recorded corporate expense, add $0.15 for increased profits in North America, subtract $0.08 for decreased profits outside of North America. This gets us to the $0.41 we're reporting for the first quarter.  Now bridging from the year-ago quarter, U.S. GAAP net income per share of $0.63 we reported in the first quarter of 2009, add $0.02 as a result of lower recorded corporate expense. The impact of acquisition-related costs this quarter compared to the year-ago quarter was offset by lower interest expense, subtract $0.03 for a higher tax rate and share count compared to the year-ago quarter, add $0.05 for increased profits in North America and subtract $0.26 for decreased profits outside of North America. This gets us to the $0.41 we are recording for the first quarter. Turning to the balance sheet, at quarter end, our total debt was $2 billion. This was $200 million higher than year end because we issued commercial paper in advance of funding the BJ Services transaction. Our long-term debt-to-cap ratio was 20%. We had cash of $1.6 billion and our net debt was $406 million, and our net debt-to-cap ratio was 4%. After quarter-end, we used $480 million in cash and issued $320 million of commercial paper in total to fund the $800 million cash portion of the BJ transaction. We also issued 118 million shares of stock at $51.24 per share. Our current outstanding share count is 430 million shares and the average share count for Q2 is expected to be approximately 391 million shares. Our combined pro forma total debt is about $2.7 billion and our pro forma total debt-to-cap ratio is 17% immediately following the merger. We inherited $500 million in debt from BJ Services, comprised of two $250 million bond issues, which mature in 2011 and 2018. Our long-term debt, including the two BJ bond issues, which we have guaranteed, is rated A by S&P and AA by Moody's. Having closed the acquisition of BJ Services last week, today we have $1.7 billion of committed credit facilities consisting of a new three-year $1.2 billion facility, accessible through March 2013 and our existing $500 million facility, accessible through July 2012. Last, a few thoughts on guidance for the second quarter and the balance of the year. I'm sure there are lots of questions regarding the pro forma impacts and the earnings outlook of the combined company. BJ Services has informed us that their revenue for the quarter ended March 31, was approximately $1.1 billion and their pretax profit was approximately $59 million, excluding acquisition-related charges of $31 million, and equipment partnership liquidation of $60 million and a charge for the Venezuela devaluation of about $9 million.  Looking forward to Q2, we believe that operating EPS on a combined basis will be in the low $0.40 range, including the impact of the spring break up in Canada, Gulf of Mexico issues, and the dilutive impact of a higher share count. This does not include incremental depreciation and amortization, which may result from purchase price accounting, which we are not yet in a position to quantify. We also feel very confident in our ability to achieve $75 million in cost synergies over the next four quarters and $150 million in cost synergies over the subsequent four quarters. We also expect that our combined CapEx spending for calendar 2010 will be in a range of $1.7 billion to $1.8 billion. We see no material impact to the combined company of the Gulf of Mexico asset package divestiture. Finally, we now expect about $225 million to $235 million in acquisition-related charges to be accrued in Q2, consisting of changing control payments and professional fees. I'll now turn the call over to Martin who will highlight our geographical results. Martin?
Martin Craighead: Thanks, Peter. I'll start with a review of our international operations. The Europe, Africa, Russia Caspian region exhibited good revenue performance, supported by increases in directional drilling and fluid sales in the North Sea, completions in wireline activity in Sub-Sahara Africa, completion sales in Nigeria and wireline and completion sales in the North Africa geomarket. In addition, strong artificial list sales in Russia more than offset the impact of unfavorable weather during the quarter. As a result, revenue was up 3% sequentially. Operating profit margin for the Europe Africa Russia Caspian region was 11% in the first quarter, down from 16% in the prior quarter. In Denmark, Baker Hughes recently helped Maersk set a new Danish record by drilling a well through a measured depth of 31,140 feet. In conjunction with extended reach drilling in this challenging environment, Baker Hughes also supplied LWD evaluation services and tried cone and PDC drill bits. The well has been completed using a Baker Hughes reactive element packer, the first deployment of this application in Denmark. Our technology is helping operators save valuable rig time as well. We enabled a North Sea operator to abandon a well in just one run, resulting in time savings of approximately six days over the previous test run. New cutter technology resulted in 150% improvement over conventional cutters and a Baker Hughes senteal [ph] 24:05 , which is a downhole data acquisition tool, provided real time data, allowing the operator to react to changes in downhole pressure during the milling process. Turning to the Middle East Asia Pacific region, revenue increased in the Egypt and Australasia geomarkets. The increase in Egypt was led by the completion, directional drilling and drill bit product lines and by fluids and directional drilling in Australasia. In total, revenue was down 5% for the region. Operating profit in the Middle East Asia Pacific region was 7% in the first quarter, compared to 12% in the fourth quarter. Operating profit in the first quarter was negatively impacted by prices negotiated on tenders awarded earlier in 2009 and by competition for market share, which resulted in aggressive pricing across that region. During the quarter, Baker Hughes won a contract in Iraq to supply ESPs for 162 wells in the Rumailah Field and we expect that our new base in Rumailah will be ready for occupancy by the end of the second quarter. In Saudi Arabia, Baker Hughes installed the Middle East region's first open-hole, multistage, Frac-Point completion in a Saudi Aramco gas field. The market for this technology is expected to expand in the region as our clients increasingly target lower permeability reservoirs. Also, in Saudi Arabia, we are now drilling the water ejection wells for the Manethra project. As we have previously highlighted, our proprietary technology is critical for the precise placement of these wells above the tarmap, which is in turn, critical for optimal pressure maintenance as the field is eventually produced. The first well was recently completed with the entire six inch section of over 5,000 feet being drilled in one single run. We offer the industry's only technical solution for the hole size being drilled and we expect our success will lead to additional opportunities for future injection wells Manethra. And in Malaysia, Baker Hughes deployed the test track formation pressure-while-drilling tool for an operator in the Key Cay [ph] field, the first oil producing Deepwater filled in Malaysia. Integrated in an auto track rotary steerable bottomhole assembly, complemented by other formation evaluation tools, the test track obtained 31 pressure readings in Key Cays [ph] thin bedded sand shale reservoir. Latin America revenue decreased 8% compared to the fourth quarter of 2009 as revenue declined in all geomarkets with the exception of Mexico Central America, where revenue increased for the directional drilling wireline and artificial lift product lines. Sequential revenue declines reflect high levels of seasonal ESP sales in the fourth quarter, particularly in the Brazil and Andean geomarkets that did not reoccur in the first quarter. The operating profit margin in Latin America for the first quarter was a disappointing 3%, down from 9% in the prior quarter. Profitability in the quarter was impacted by a number of factors including a less favorable activity mix in Brazil, as rigs shifted from drilling to workover and by the devaluation of the Venezuelan Bolivar, which had an $8 million pretax impact in Q1. In the first quarter, we operated on an average of two rigs in the Litoral Tabasco Marine project. We anticipate the award of additional offshore rigs in the second half of the year. This should lead to improved profitability, however we expected this contract will have a negative impact on earnings throughout Q2. Activity in the ATG fields, where we have been providing bundled services for local contractors, continued to slow in the first quarter. The pricing environment has turned negative due to excess capacity. However, during the quarter, we did execute our contract with PEMEX for our Koryo [ph] project, part of the ATG labs program. We have begun mobilizing under this integrated field development contract, which will enable Baker Hughes to showcase applications of leading edge technologies to improve production in the field. We had several technical achievements in Latin America during the quarter. Offshore Brazil, Baker Hughes successfully ran the industry's first large diameter sidewall coring tool in response to an operator's request to a sidewall core samples 1.5 inches in diameter and greater than 2 inches in length. The client requested 90 cores and our Baker Hughes MaxCor delivered 94 cores in four runs. In a subsequent run at another exploration area, MaxCor successfully delivered 52 core samples in only two runs. The larger diameter core gives you about three times the volume in each sample [audio gap] complex reservoir such as the pre-salt, a larger sample is critical for determining key reservoir properties. In Columbia, Baker Hughes successfully drilled and completed the industry's first multi-lateral well drilled using our thru-tubing rotary drilling technology, using Baker Hughes' downhole motors, completions technology and hedgehog bits several re-entry wells were drilled with challenging directional drilling requirements including dog lake severities between 15 degrees and 46 degrees per 100 feet. Hedgehog bit performance included one successful run that replaced seven tri-cone runs. Now turning to North America, revenue increased sequentially, driven by increased rig activity in all geomarkets. U.S. land revenue was up sequentially, driven by a 21% increase in rig count and a 28% sequential growth of horizontal drilling, which now accounts for nearly half of the rigs running today. Horizontal drilling activity is associated with higher service and technology intensity as laterals increase in length and the number of frac stages increased. Looking more closely at gas activity, 90% of the growth in the gas rig count from the June 2009 trough has been in the horizontal gas plays, with the Haynesville, the Anadarko, the Marcellus and the Eagle Ford accounting for over 87% of the total increase. As for oil activity, 76% of the increase in oil rig count upped the June 2009 bottom, has been in the Wollaston basin, in which complex horizontal wells are being drilled in the Permian Basin which has been primarily vertical. In the Wollaston basin, oil directed horizontal drilling increased 43% in the first quarter compared to fourth quarter and the use of horizontal wells to tap oil formation in the Permian Basin is also increased. This is driving continued demand for high-end completion technologies such as our Frac-Point completion systems and increased use of Rotary steerable systems. The North American operating profit margin was 15% in the first quarter, up from 10% in the fourth quarter. While capacity is tightening across multiple product lines, overall pricing did not increase measurably in the quarter. Improved profitability was the result of higher activity levels and cost-cutting measures we implemented last year. During the quarter, VS Fusion, a bore hole seismic processing joint venture between Baker Hughes and CGGVeritas, completed one of the largest IntelliFrac micro seismic hydraulic fracturing monitor surveys ever undertaken. The survey for an operator in Canada's foreign River basin deployed Baker Hughes' geophone string simultaneously in two observation wells for over 30 days. Micro seismic events were recorded for hydraulic stimulations in 13 well bores adjacent to the observation wells. In all, over 75 separate BJ Service hydraulic stimulations were recorded. Real-time display of the micro seismic events at the well site and the customers offices was used to make real-time changes to the fracturing program. In Alaska, Baker Hughes has recently drilled and completed a well on the North Slope in Alaska that set several coiled tubing drilling records, with a total depth of 22,400 feet. This was the deepest open-hole sidetrack ever completed with coil-tubing drilling. And in the quarter Baker Hughes continued to expand its presence in technology offering in Canada's heavy oil projects. In the first quarter, Baker Hughes was awarded 32 SAGD ESP production wells for several operators. We are seeing expanded use of ESP systems in the SAGD market for applications such as pumping water to feed steam generation plants. We have captured over a third of the market for extreme temperature ESP systems and 70% of the SAGD chemical market. With that, I'll turn the call back over to Chad.
Chad Deaton: Thank you, Martin. So as I stated earlier overall, we're pleased with the progress we made in the first quarter. Our North America operation delivered very strong results relative to competition and while our international markets were challenged by pricing pressures, we believe margins will improve in the second half of the year. Looking forward in the U.S., there are many positives. Oil activity has been robust. Last week, the oil rig count was 513 and that's up 23% from year end. Were confident that oil directed drilling activity will continue at current price levels and are forecasting that the oil rig count will average about 570 rigs in the second half of the year. The oil directed drilling has been split between vertical drilling and the Permian and service intents of horizontal multi-laterals and multi-stage fracing in the Bakken. We see a possibility for more technologically sophisticated oil directed drilling in other areas as well, as operators are looking to develop new plays in the Eagle Ford and even the older plays in the Permian Basin. The gas rig count has increased 26% from the year-end levels and last week stood at 958 rigs. Gas activity is ahead of where we thought it might have been in May. The mixed change to long horizontal and multi-stage fracing favors Baker Hughes in our new acquisition. Demand for natural gas could still surprise us. Summer isnt here and industrial demand could react favorably to low natural gas prices thus far in demand. Looking forward, we expect the gas recount to peak in Q2 and show a modest decline in the second half of 2010, averaging 765 rigs for the second half of the year and 840 rigs for 2010, as a whole. So for the year, we see the gas rig count being up 5% year-on-year. The increase in oil activity in the second half of the year will partially offset the decline in gas directed activity. For 2010 as a whole, we see the oil rig count up about 88%. So combine in total, we see the U.S. rig count up 26% or about 1,089 rigs to 1,370 or up 281 rigs. In Canada, the spring breakup is well underway and like our drilling in evaluation product lines, the BJ Services product lines are particularly impacted by the breakup. As in the past, we expect our chemicals and artificial lift product lines to remain fairly resilient. Outside North America, we expect international EMP spending will continue to increase, supported by high oil prices and the need to offset production declines and meet demand in China and India. In the Middle East Asia Pacific region, we look for a modest increase in rig activity in the second half of the year. Price pressures should ease and our focus will be on margin improvement. There has been much discussion recently about the outlook for Iraq, so Im going to share our view. The long-term potential in Iraq is significant and we were well-positioned to address opportunities as they rise. As Martin mentioned earlier, our base in Rumailah will be open by the end of the second quarter and we have been awarded a significant contract for delivery of ESP systems. Pricing on recent industry contract awards for other services has been fairly aggressive, leading to what we consider below-average margins. As non-North America activity increases beginning the second half of this year, and accelerates into 2011, we would anticipate that Iraqi pricing for future contracts could firm as Service Company resources begin to become more stretched. Within our Europe Africa Russia Caspian region, we see activity in the North Sea being supported by strong activity in the Norwegian sector. We see stable activity in West Africa, growth in sub-Sahara Africa and a slow recovery in North Africa. Activity in the Russian Caspian region will increase, coming off a very seasonal low of the first quarter. And in Latin America, we expect activity to increase in Brazil and the Andean region. In Mexico, activity will increase, as Martin mentioned, in the back half of the year as the ATG lab work increases and the longer term in Mexico, we look for increased offshore activity. We do not expect near-term improvement in the outlook for Venezuela. So before we open it up for Q&A, I want to take this opportunity to welcome the former shareholders, as well as the employees of BJ Services and I think its obvious to say to that we've been anxiously waiting for this day for quite some time and also needless to say, we're pretty excited about getting started and being able to tackle some of the tremendous opportunities that we see in front of us in the second half of 2010. Okay, Gary. Let's open it up for questions.
Gary Flaharty: At this point, I will ask Celeste to open the lines for your questions. To give everyone a fair chance to ask a question, we do ask that you limit yourself to a single question and a related follow-up question. Celeste, could we have the first question please?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Bill Herbert with Simmons & Company.
William Herbert: Chad, calling for a bottom in international margins in Q1. That's a pretty consistent refrain that weve heard from your peer group. A question that I asked on another call, which Id like you to take a stab at, is over the next two years if you will, what do you think is a reasonable road map for international margins keeping essentially volume, pricing and mix in mind? And also using as a reference back to call it '06 when you were generating international incremental margins of about 40%, what's it going to take to get back there and what do you think is a reasonable road map for the next two years?
Chad Deaton: Well, if you map it out over two years, Bill, I think as we said, I think bottom was hit in Q1. I don't think Q2 is going to be any shining star. It will be flat to up, but we do anticipate seeing the second half of 2010 its a fairly significant improvement both on the revenue side as well as the bottom-line margin side. Over the next, and I think 2011, we'll just continue that acceleration as we go into it.
William Herbert: You talked about significant improvement second half of this year, I assume that's mostly, if not all driven by volume and mix. You're probably not going to get any pricing as early as second half of this year?
Chad Deaton: I think we'll get a little bit, Bill, but it's going to be volume mix, margin side will be costs control. I think one of the things we need to look at on the international margins, I think we still have some allocation issues as we moved from a Houston focused product line. Everybody's sitting in Houston to international and as we've allocated out some costs, I think that's been reflected in some of our margins internationally. I think the volume side, one thing that will help us going forward on the volume is the BJ acquisition. If you look at it, if you look at the two areas where we seem to have most of our issue right now on margin, are the two areas where we needed to be pretty aggressive in our infrastructure build out. That's Latin America and Mexico, Brazil etc. and then the Middle East Asia Pac. And when there is a little downturn and you have some pricing that hit you as well, that amplifies some of your challenges in those areas. So, that additional revenue that we will get out of BJ will help us work some of those costs and I think that's why we're feeling pretty good about the second half of the year and into 2011.
William Herbert: I think I heard you say that notwithstanding the really strong incrementals generated in Q1 in North America of 45% and change, you didn't witness any significant pricing quarter-on-quarter. Is that correct?
Chad Deaton: Yes, that's correct.
William Herbert: I guess my query is this. While average pricing quarter-on-quarter may not have been up, I'm curious as to your exit rate pricing in Q1 and whether that was exit rate pricing and also margins whether that was significantly better than the Q1 average?
Chad Deaton: No, I don't think it was. We were starting to get some nibbles in the typical ones that you would see and that's the directional drilling, the high end DD LWD bits, to some degree completions. But I don't think we saw a lot in March as we came out that really is accelerating now as we go forward. It's getting tight. There's no doubt about it. Our resources are tight. I'm not sure how tight some of our competitors are yet. If they're getting tight, then I think we'll see some improvement in Q2.
Unidentified Analyst: I'm going to slip one more in there and that relates to the corporate expense, Peter. I was a little bit unclear as to your expense allocation issues and the sort of apples-to-apples or apples-to-pineapples comparison, Q1, Q4 corporate expense, $49 million versus $76 million gross in the fourth quarter. What would've been an apples-to-apples comparison using the same allocation? I guess, approach?
Martin Craighead: I don't have the exact numbers but mostly it's in one pocket out of the other. We did, as a conscious effort, part of the re-org, we basically turned the organization upside down and we've decided to allocate and put costs where we felt they would be better represented in the future. So most of those costs were just shifted out of corporate into the operations and a lot of those went into the international operations.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Marshall Adkins with Raymond James.
J. Adkins - Raymond James & Associates: On the BP blowout, can you give us an overview of what you think the ultimate impact may be on your offshore business? Is this going to knock down activity? Just kind of give us your thoughts on the potential impact here.
Chad Deaton: Well Marshall, I don't think we really know yet because the actual cause and problems and everything else haven't been investigated. The only thing we can say right now that I think there are three or four rigs that we have had to move our equipment off of just because they were involved in the oil slick or they're being surrounded by the oil slick and there's a safety measure that clients got the people off the rigs. Other than that, we're not seeing deterioration in that activity. If it stops some of the drilling out five years from now, under the new leases that the President talked about, maybe that will that have some effect at that time but in the near term, the only thing we've seen are these three or four rigs that we've had to come off of so far.
J. Adkins - Raymond James & Associates: Too early to really determine, but not a lot of impact yet?
Chad Deaton: Yes, I think it's way too early.
J. Adkins - Raymond James & Associates: BJ, give us some more color on the integration, how you see that coming? What are the issues you're going to have to get over? And more specifics on where you see the cost savings coming from?
Chad Deaton: The integration has begun already internationally, including Canada. And domestically, in the U.S., and the Gulf of Mexico, obviously we are limited to keep those companies at a stand-alone operation until we sell the assets in the Gulf of Mexico. We are actively putting together a package on those assets now. We've had a fair amount, quite a bit of interest in those assets. So it's going to take us a couple of months to probably get that together, and sell it, get the approval from the DOJ. Once that's done, we will then go ahead and incorporate, and roll, or integrate I should say, the U.S. side of the BJ acquisition. It's not all bad because we have always said that the international side would go quickly and the U.S. side would take a little longer, as we wanted to learn their people and understand and know who they are and give them some key roles, et cetera. So that's the integration plan. But I could say internationally, we're already moving. The guys have had plenty of meetings and sessions and welcomed the BJ people in place and starting to combine where we can.
J. Adkins - Raymond James & Associates: So probably three months on the U.S. side just to get everything divested?
Chad Deaton: Yes, I'd say three to four months, probably.
J. Adkins - Raymond James & Associates: And the costs?
Peter Ragauss: This is Peter. Let me just touch on the cost. The story there hasn't changed a whole lot. If anything, we've just gotten more confident because we've had sessions, a lot of sessions now with our integration team and actually now that we've closed, we actually met with the BJ team the next day on the plans and forecasts and so on. So the $75 million in the next four quarters, most of that is just coming out of some corporate expenses that you would expect, you don't have the Board of Directors anymore. We'll combine our insurance and things like that, things that are mainly corporate in nature and that's already baked into their forward forecasting. If anything, we'd hope to exceed that but right now, that's the number we're sticking to and it looks very solid. And the additional 75 that comes after that in the following year is really when you start looking at your operating bases around the world and consolidation of various offices and real estate that sort of thing and back-office functions. That takes a little bit more work. It doesn't start day one and we've got pretty concrete plans for that built in as well and again, the 75 to 150 doesn't include any revenue synergies at all, which those come contract by contract. We'll start to peg those as soon as we can.
Martin Craighead: Marshall, this is Martin. Let me follow up on a couple of comments that Chad and Peter made. As Chad mentioned, we're already underway in terms of the integration, but specifically, their task forces that had been assigned in each region. All the international regions have been bucketed into three buckets in terms of the first phase, the second phase and the third phase. Within that integration, there are kind of a two-pronged approach, as Peter mentioned, the cost synergies really can't happen until we understand what the support needs are. But the first and foremost priority is the commercial synergies and those were the first and foremost, existing contracts that both companies currently hold. And looking for any opportunities where there's no contract bearers to where we can leverage each other's relationships and terms and conditions. And then any new opportunities, that for the first time, Baker Hughes will be solicited as a broader provider. So we're feeling very good in terms of the way these guys have hit the ground running on both sides, BJ's side as well as Baker Hughes' side, to get this thing moving quickly.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Robin Shoemaker with Citi.
Robin Shoemaker - Citigroup Inc: Just staying on the BJ Services thing for a minute, we have seen quite a few pressure pumping companies in North America announce capacity or plans to spend on new pressure pumping capacity and in your pro forma CapEx figure for the year that you cited, what is in there or can you comment on what you perceive as the need to increase capacity in light of the shale plays, the wear and tear factor that we hear about et cetera?
Chad Deaton: Robin, this is Chad. That's correct. We did show that we would be -- to combine CapEx of 17, 18. I don't want to break down how much of that's going to go to BJ and how much will go anywhere else, but obviously there is a fair amount that is going into BJ. As Peter said, we had our first session with them the other day and the BJ North America team has in their plan to build some additional equipment. The whole industry is tearing up a lot of equipment especially in Haynesville, a lot of replacement equipment. We're also looking at building some equipment for other parts, or BJ in other parts of the world. So there will be an increase in capital spending for BJ versus '09 for 2010 and 2011.
Robin Shoemaker - Citigroup Inc: Just in that arena, have they seen any pricing improvement off the bottom in pressure pumping or in certain basins or in the totality of North America?
Chad Deaton: Yes they have. You guys can go back and calculate what Q4 was from the Q for them and then take a look at what we put in the press release as $1.1 billion. You could see that they had a pretty significant revenue increase.
Peter Ragauss: Yes, that was a 20% increase.
Chad Deaton: A 20% increase globally and worldwide, so you can see that they had a very, very strong quarter from a revenue standpoint and if you look at where this pricing is, you're right, it depends on the basins. And a little bit of that depends on how many fleets are in each basin or what part and what competition has and so yes, they are seeing some price improvement.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Joe Hill with Tudor Pickering Holt.
Joe Hill: You guys have demonstrated some great incremental margins in North America without the benefit of any real price improvement and given that, I would imagine at least for the second quarter, we should expect that 45% incremental level to be maintained. Is that a reasonable assumption?
Chad Deaton: Joe, don't forget Canada. You're going to see a major hit in Canada. It happens every year, every quarter and every second quarter and it's going to happen again this year. I think if you broke down the three areas, U.S. land, Gulf of Mexico and Canada, I'm not worried about U.S. land and Gulf of Mexico. They're going to be fine in the second quarter, continuing to show some improvement but Canada -- it's not going to be enough to offset Canada.
Joe Hill: If we think about the rate of improvement in international margins, it sounds like the acquisition of BJ is really going to be helpful in terms of cost absorption and without knowing specifically how much corporate got allocated into the different geomarkets, is it possible to get a sense as to whether or not say Latin America and Middle East Asia-Pac exit the year north of 12% or is that too aggressive?
Chad Deaton: Well I hate to pin down to a number, but I don't think you'd be all that far off if you're assuming that.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Kurt Hallead with RBC.
Kurt Hallead - RBC Capital Markets Corporation: A Follow-up, Chad, just wanted to see kind of where you stand. I guess you've made this baseball reference on what inning you are in the geomarket rollup and where you are on the product side. So just wanted to get an update from you on that front first?
Chad Deaton: Well, I think we're probably finished the game, pretty close on the geomarket side. And now we've got to roll in the BJ group into that, so I don't know if we start a new game or not. But from the reorganization in the geomarkets I think our guys are in place, they're feeling comfortable with it, they know what to do. We've got some cleanup to do but for the most part, that's pretty much along the way. And I think on the product line side, Martin, I'd turn it to you. Still somewhere in the sixth or seventh inning, somewhere in there, but getting close to getting that. Everybody knows what they're supposed to do now and what their roll is, so that part is pretty much over with. I think we -- another quarter or two clearly everything is fine just on any type of -- this is actually the anniversary, one year anniversary today since we announced the reorg. So I'm pleased with how far we've come in that one year.
Kurt Hallead - RBC Capital Markets Corporation: Was the progress that you made in that one year kind of hit the timeframe you expected or did you get some positive surprises along the way?
Chad Deaton: Well, I actually think we got some positive surprises. I've done this before several years ago and it seemed like it took a long time to get the thing done, but I think it was a little easier this time and I think people, for one reason, obviously our competition several of them were along that way already, and so it was expected by, especially our field people, that we were going to this. So I think that did make it easier for it.
Kurt Hallead - RBC Capital Markets Corporation: You talked about the new opportunities may be on a joint-company basis, I know that Baker's been involved in Russia, BJ had pulled out. What's the opportunity to bring BJ back into Russia? You think that's a 2010 event or is it more likely a 2011 event?
Chad Deaton: I would imagine Kurt, it's probably going to be a 2011 event. It would depend on what negotiations and what happens from the clients in Russia. If we got contracts, we have had a couple of them ask us to bring stuff back in there. If we got contract, then we would seriously consider it in 2010. But I think right now, we would be focusing on some other opportunities that we see around the world that probably are better for us right now.
Kurt Hallead - RBC Capital Markets Corporation: I think in your earlier commentary , Chad, you referenced some pricing pressures I think explicitly in the Middle East to Far East region with kind of a market share mentality going on. Is that across all product lines or some specific product lines and is it across the whole region or some specific countries? And I was hoping you would be able to elaborate on that.
Chad Deaton: I think you hit it right on the head. It's at some countries, and it's across some product lines. And I think it's just some turf wars depending on the product line, and depending on the country that people are kind of protecting their turf. I can't say that we're any different, and some area, where we may be strong, we're protecting our turf. And it's not across all regions but there are several countries where it's pretty aggressive right now.
Kurt Hallead - RBC Capital Markets Corporation: Can you get a little more specific on that, either that or that of product line?
Chad Deaton: I'm not going to go there.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Dan Boyd with Goldman Sachs.
Daniel Boyd - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: Can you give us just an update on sort of on the Alma Marine project, the two rigs now? I believe that the break-even is still five rigs or have you been able to do anything to lower your cost base and along the same line, how should we think about the drag that, that's having on margins so when this does get resolved the improvement that we're likely to see?
Chad Deaton: Well we have brought the break-even, down from the five rigs. This last quarter was a fairly decent quarter. We averaged about three rigs but it was primary drilling and we set pipe in some intermediate and along streams and therefore, we're able to get paid. Our performance has been good. Martin and I just got back from there a couple of weeks ago, we get down about every three weeks now working with PEMEX on this. They know where we stand. We have seen the forward drilling curves or drilling plans for rigs. We're in a good position to win additional rigs or be awarded additional rigs and I think our cost now is down to the point where we still need three, maybe four. But we think that in the second half of the year, based on our performance and based on some of the comments that we've heard from management there, we think we'll start seeing ourselves ramp back up in the second half of the year and we think that the second half of the year should be pretty good for us down there if we can get back on those rigs.
Daniel Boyd - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: When I look at your margin -- not your margin but your revenue growth in Europe Africa Russia Caspian, you bucked the trend a little bit by actually showing -- posting sequential improvement in revenue despite any -- some of the seasonality or issues that some of your peers had in that region. Can you help me better understand what happened that was different for Baker than some others?
Chad Deaton: Well I think you have to go back the last couple three quarters and I think we bucked the trend the last two to three internationally on revenues. We've held our own. In fact, I think we've gained a little bit in the last couple three quarters. I think I have to attribute a lot of that to the new organization. I think the region in the geomarket managers are just that much more focused on the customer, that much more aggressive in terms of winning contracts. So I would have to say, that because of the geomarket and region structure right now, we're just being more responsive in being there and we're starting to see, again more cross-product line contracts, where we've got the bit, where we've got the bottom hole assembly and now we get awarded the Drilling Fluids just because it's a Baker Hughes team going in to try to get the works. I think that's helped us in these last couple three quarters. One of the reasons why we're excited about getting BJ onboard, being able to throw in another significant part of the market there that works very closely with our guys.
Daniel Boyd - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: You want to step back to Latin America just quickly, can you help us with, keep in mind that you did lower your cost basins now in that project maybe with a roadmap of margins in Latin America to get to maybe an 11% exit rate in 4Q. Is it truly going to be a step up in 3Q or 4Q? Or should we see gradual improvements?
Chad Deaton: I think the second quarter is not going to be anything to write home about for Latin America. I think Q3, Q4, you'll start seeing improvement and it'll be a combination of some of these costs that we talked about, but also when the Brazilian rigs swing from drilling to completion, it makes a big difference because we have a significant infrastructure in Brazil today. And when those rigs aren't drilling, we can't do much with the people. We can keep them on the shore so we see the rigs going back to more drilling, especially in Q3 and into Q4, it's going to help us quite a bit in that area.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Stephen Gengaro with Jefferies & Company.
Stephen Gengaro - Jefferies & Company, Inc.: Two questions, do you have some numbers you could provide us with going forward on things like D&A and interest expense as you see it as a combined entity?
Chad Deaton: What I'd rather do, I'd rather wait until Q2 because we've got a lot of mapping to do between their systems and our systems and we've only owned that company for three business days as of this morning. Interest expense, a little simpler, so that's on the D&A side and we also still have to work through the purchase price accounting which can change that number. On the interest side, you could probably figure Q2, we were at about -- we'll probably be at about $28 million, $29 million BHI stand-alone and we've inherited the two BJ bonds and so add another $7 million for the BJ interest expense just in round numbers, so call that $35 million in interest expense.
Stephen Gengaro - Jefferies & Company, Inc.: That's helpful. And then as a follow up, I think on the last quarter's call you gave a very good concrete example of some of the benefits of the new geomarket structure. Do you have anything new you can share? Any examples of concrete product line pull-through?
Chad Deaton: We've got some nice contracts this last quarter and they're kind of a combination of one or two or three product lines but nothing that I would say is big. A lot of completions in drilling work in Norway across some of the IOCs that are two or three different product lines involved.
Martin Craighead: Stephen, this is Martin. I would say it's hard to identify any specifically, as Chad mentioned earlier, it's just a whole different approach for Baker Hughes relative to what it was before. We just have a holistic view of what the customer's issues are, including the reservoir interpretation group as well. To be honest with you, we have probably a dozen examples that Gary or Gene can get to you later but I don't have them at my fingertips right now. But it's great combinations of Atlas and BOT in North America. As you heard in the Andean region, INTEQ and Hughes Christiansen and the chemicals in the ESPs, particularly the 500 degree ESPs in the SAGD area in Canada, they were across the board, we can get you pages of them that are coming in.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Geoff Kieburtz with Weeden.
Geoff Kieburtz: Peter, just to clarify, the second quarter earnings guidance you gave, low $0.40 range excluded any asset step-up in the D&A charge, right?
Peter Ragauss: Correct.
Geoff Kieburtz: Are you able, at this stage, to give us some sense of some kind of a range in cents per share that the asset step up might fall within?
Peter Ragauss: I really can't. I'd rather not. As I said earlier, we've had -- we closed the deal three or four days ago and our valuation people haven't had a chance to go and investigate in detail all the different businesses that BJ Services and how those impact the numbers. All we've been able to do is look at it from topside until you go in there and do the detail work, you can change dramatically so I really am not comfortable until that work is done.
Geoff Kieburtz: And just to go back on the comments about the divestiture, presumably the divestiture won't have a meaningful impact on the D&A charge either?
Peter Ragauss: No, you're not talking about huge asset balance there.
Geoff Kieburtz: On a separate topic, I understand -- do you think international margins have bottomed. Would you say that international margins have bottomed in each of the three international regions as far as you can see?
Chad Deaton: Definitely two, one's still in question.
Geoff Kieburtz: And which one is that?
Chad Deaton: Well I think Eastern hemisphere, let me put it that way, and you can figure it out real quickly. Eastern hemisphere is going to improve. Like I said earlier, Latin America I think second quarter is still going to be a challenge.
Geoff Kieburtz: In the Eastern hemisphere, the press release talked about product sales into Russia, low margin product sales into Russia and then Martin, you mentioned that there was artificial lift sales into [indiscernible]. Can we equate low-margin and artificial lift here?
Martin Craighead: Yes, that's a pretty good -- it's a legacy contract.
Geoff Kieburtz: So it's a contract that's running off here and not necessarily a comment on the artificial lift market in Russia?
Martin Craighead: Not running off soon enough.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mike Urban with Deutsche Bank.
Michael Urban - Deutsche Bank AG: Chad, you talked about some of the investments that you've made in positioning for future share growth internationally and it sounds like that's primarily Middle East Asia and Lat-Am but I was wondering if you could comment a little more about where you're happy with your share internationally and where you might hope to move forward, whether that's on a regional, country, or product specific basis.
Chad Deaton: We want to move forward in Asia. We don't feel like our share is to the point where it needs to be in Asia. Similarly, in parts of the Middle East, obviously we're strong in certain parts of the Middle East. We do quite well in Saudi, we do well in Oman, voted fairly well in Oman, we do fairly well in Qatar. We think we've got opportunities and growth opportunities in Egypt. We believe we have opportunities in India. Latin America, we've got very good share and I liked our position in Brazil. We're improving in Mexico, although as we all know it's a tough market. And then we like our position and continue to see good gains in the Columbia/Ecuador, that area and we think that with the BJ acquisition, that's going to help us there. It's going to help us across all of Latin America. They have a fairly decent presence there and they have a good presence in Asia, which should help us going forward. So I think those are the key points, Mike.
Michael Urban - Deutsche Bank AG: Shifting back to North America, Canada, I think pretty big market for BJ and also looks like on a stand-alone basis, you had some successes there just on the Baker Hughes side. Is there a bigger opportunity set there now especially as some of the oil plays come back?
Chad Deaton: I think Canada again, once we get through Q2, there's no doubt that BJ is going to get hit hard there in Q2. But once we get through that, we see Q3, Q4 coming back to a Q1, close to that level. Martin referred in his comments about the micro seismic project on some 75 wells up in Canada. We see this as a great opportunity for Baker Hughes/BJ combination. BJ had a very good quarter last quarter. Up in Canada and we see it coming back and our position up theres pretty strong. So we think Canada is going to be a good area for us going forward.
Gary Flaharty: Celeste, I see we are approaching the bottom of the hour. So with that, thank you, Mike. Also want to thank Chad and Martin and Peter and thank everyone, all off our participants this morning for your time and your thoughtful questions. Following the conclusion of today's call, both Gene and I will be available to answer any additional calls you may have. Once again, thank you for your participation. Celeste?
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in today's Baker Hughes Incorporated Conference Call. This call will be available for replay beginning at 10:30 a.m. Eastern, 9:30 a.m. Central and will be available through 10:00 p.m. Eastern time on Tuesday, May 18, 2010. The conference ID number for the replay is 58693127. The number to dial for the replay is 1-800-642-1687 in the U.S. or (706)645-9291 international. You may now disconnect.

===== 2009 Q4  (2010-01-26 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Gary Flaharty  Vice President of Investor Relations  Chad Deaton  President, Chief Executive Officer, Chairman Peter Ragauss  Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer  Martin Craighead  Senior Vice President, Chief Operating Officer  
Analysts: William Herbert - Simmons & Company International James Crandell - Barclays Capital Ole Slorer - Morgan Stanley Scott Gruber - Sanford C. Bernstein Daniel Boyd - Goldman Sachs Marshall Adkins - Raymond James Stephen Gengaro - Jefferies & Co. Michael Urban - Deutsche Bank Securities [Jeff Keevers]  Weeden & Co. 
Operator:  Good morning, ladies and gentlemen. My name is Tina and I will be your conference facilitator today. At this time I would like to welcome everyone to the Baker Hughes fourth quarter 2009 earnings conference call. (Operator Instructions)  I will now turn the conference over to Mr. Gary Flaharty, Vice President of Investor Relations. Sir, you may proceed.
Gary Flaharty:  All right. Thank you, Tina. Good morning everyone. Welcome to the Baker Hughes fourth quarter 2009 earnings conference call. Here with me this morning are Chad Deaton, Baker Hughes President and Chief Executive Officer and Chairman; Peter Ragauss, Baker Hughes Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; and Martin Craighead, Senior Vice President and Chief Operating Officer. Following managements comments this morning well open the line for your question. Reconciliation of operating profits and any non-GAAP measures to GAAP measures and results for the historic period can be found in the news release itself as well as on our website at www.bakerhughes.com in the Investor Relations section under Financial Information. Last I caution you this morning that any company outlooks discussed are subject to various risk factors. Well try to highlight these risk factors as we make forward-looking statement; however, the format of the call does prevent a thorough discussion of these factors. For a full discussion of risk factors, please refer to our annual report 10-K, 10-Q and in particular the forward-looking disclosure in this mornings news release. With that Ill conclude our discussion of the administrative details and turn the call over to Peter Ragauss. Peter?
Peter Ragauss:  Thanks, Gary. Good morning. This morning we reported net income on a U.S. GAAP basis of $84 million or $0.27 per share. This compares to $1.41 per share a year ago and $0.18 per share for the third quarter of 2009.  Q4 revenue was $2.4 billion, down 24% or $758 million year-over-year and up 9% or $196 million sequentially. For the full year, net income on a U.S. GAAP basis was $1.36 per share compared to $5.30 per share in 2008. 2009 full year revenue was $9.7 billion, down 19% from $11.9 billion in 2008. North American revenue was down 31% compared to 2008 and non-North American revenue was down 9%.  Looking at quarterly comparisons, North American revenue was $890 million in the fourth quarter, down 37% year-over-year but up 9% sequentially. Revenue outside of North America was $1.5 million in the fourth quarter. That was down 13% year on year but up 9% sequentially also. Reorganization, severance, acquisition related charges and the increase in allowance for doubtful accounts totaled $74 million before tax or $0.16 per share in Q4. This was comprised of $20 million for reorganization costs, $16 million for severance, $16 million for acquisition related costs and $22 million for the increase in allowance for doubtful accounts. For the balance of our comments this morning, references to operating profit and operating profit margins will be on an adjusted basis, excluding these charges. On this adjusted basis, our oilfield operating margin for the fourth quarter was 12%, down from 23% in the year ago quarter but up 10% from the third quarter. Turning to the performance of our two segments, Drilling and Evaluation revenue was $1.1 billion in Q4. This was down 28% year-over-year but up 8% sequentially. The Drilling and Evaluation segments operating margin was 8% in Q4. Thats down from 22% in the year ago quarter but up sequentially from 5% in Q3. Revenue for our Completion and Production segment was $1.3 billion, down 20% from the year ago quarter and up 10% sequentially. C and Ps operating margin in Q4 was 16% and this compares to 23% in the fourth quarter 2008 and is up from 14% in the prior quarter. To help you evaluate our earnings per share in the fourth quarter, Ill review the significant items that bridged the sequential and year ago quarters to fourth quarter EPS of $0.27. In Q3, 2009, our U.S. GAAP net income per share was $0.18. From this $0.18, subtract $0.04 for higher acquisition related charges; add $0.01 for a gain on auction rate securities; add $0.09 for increased profits in North America and add $0.03 for increased profits outside of North America. This gets us to the $0.27 we are reporting for the fourth quarter. Now, bridging from the year ago quarter, from the U.S. GAAP net income per share of $1.41 we reported in the fourth quarter 2008, subtract $0.03 for higher acquisition related costs; subtract $0.07 as a result of higher corporate expense; add $0.06 for the net impairment of auction rate securities; subtract $0.06 for a higher tax rate and share count compared to the year ago quarter; subtract $0.56 for decreased profits in North America; and subtract $0.48 for decreased profits outside of North America. This gets us to the $0.27 we are reporting for the fourth quarter. In Q4 our corporate costs were $66 million, in line with our guidance for underlying corporate costs and in line with Q3. Turning to the balance sheet, at quarter end our total debt was $1.8 billion and our long term debt to cap ratio was 20%. Our net debt was $205 million. Our net debt to cap ratio was 2%. We have no maturities of long term debt until November, 2013. We currently have $1 billion of un-drawn, committed credit facilities. We have a $500 million facility which is accessible through 2012. We also have a $500 million, 364 day facility, which is accessible through the end of March, 2010. We are currently reviewing our options to extend or expand this second facility in light of the BJ Services acquisition.  At quarter end we had cash and short term investments of $1.6 billion. This totals $2.6 billion in available liquidity. Sequentially we released another $180 million in working capital, primarily through our ongoing focus on supply chain and inventory reduction.  Last, for 2009 as a whole, our free cash flow before dividends and carryover tax payments was nearly $600 million and this is after taking $250 million of non-recurring charges.  Last, a few thoughts on guidance for 2010 and the first quarter. Capital spending for 2010 is expected to be in the range of $1.1 to $1.2 billion. Our tax rate is expected to increase to between 33 and 34%. Corporate spending, excluding reorganization and acquisition related costs, is expected to be $65 to $70 million per quarter. And finally, first quarter EPS excluding acquisition related costs and non-recurring charges is expected to be roughly in line with the current consensus which will be a challenge but is doable. Ill now turn the call over to Martin who will highlight our geographic results. Martin?
Martin Craighead:  Thanks, Peter. Ill review our international operations first, which improved significantly in the fourth quarter with revenue increases in all three international regions. In Latin America, year on year revenue was down 11% due to lower activity and revenues in the Venezuela, Southern Cone and Andean geomarkets. These declines were partially offset by increased revenues in the Mexico, Central America and Brazil geomarkets. Revenue increased 15% sequentially with increased revenue in the Andean, Brazil, Venezuela and Southern Cone geomarkets, more than offsetting lower revenues attributable to project delays on the Alma marine project in the Mexico, Central America geomarket. As is usual for the fourth quarter we had strong artificial lift in Completions equipment sales throughout the region. The operating profit margin in Latin America for the fourth quarter was 9%, down from 21% in the fourth quarter of 08 and up from 5% in the prior quarter. Profitability in the fourth quarter was impacted by lower activity and utilization in Mexico, Central America geomarket in both our Alma marine project and the ATG activity. Brazil remains one of the most important service plays in the world as we enter 2010. The pre-sale base in offshore Brazil continues to grow as a target of intensive planning and engineering design activities required to develop this basin into a premiere producing region. Baker Hughes is well positioned, having committed the technical and operational resources necessary to continue helping our customer optimize their development plans.  In the fourth quarter our collaboration with our customer achieved a record for drilling the carbonate section of the pre-salt Santos Basin. A two feet well was drilled using Baker Hughes Quantec bits combined with our TruTrak drilling technology and delivered a 37% reduction in the cost per meters in the best previous well in the pre-salt section.  The new Baker Hughes geographic organization is also allowing us to re-enter key markets around the world with product lines previously absent. One example is Colombia, where we re-entered the market after a long wire line absence and logged an exploration wildcat for the NOC in partnership with an IOC. The well used a full suite of Baker Hughes wire line technologies including our Beacon Center for data management and real time visualization. Geo-scientists discovered pay zones that were previously undetectable with the basic standard issue wire line tools. In Mexico we remain optimistic of the opportunities as PEMEX explores different approaches to improving their reserve base and their recovery factors. We continue our work on the Alma Marine project with good technical and operational successes. Unfortunately, customer spending constraints have limited near term activity to three rigs, short of the target seven rigs. Under utilization of assets deployed for this project continue to be a near term drag on profitability. Turning to the Middle East-Asia Pacific region, revenues decreased 16% from year ago levels across all geomarkets with the exception of two. Strong Completion system sales in Southeast Asia and artificial lift sales in North Asia reported improved results in these geomarkets compared to a year ago. Year-over-year revenue declines were greatest in the Saudi, Egypt and Indonesian geomarkets. Sequentially revenues increased 2% as increased revenues in North Asia from artificial lift, from Completion systems in Southeast Asia and Egypt, and drilling fluid sales in Indonesia offset lower revenues from the Saudi and India geomarkets. Operating profit in the Middle East and Asia Pacific region was 12% in the fourth quarter compared to 23% in the year ago quarter and 12% in the third quarter. A Baker Hughes centralist ESP recently set a record in Egypts western desert, completing ten years of service. Over its life the pump lifted over 360,000 barrels of oil. Saudi Aramco has awarded Baker Hughes a two year contract for two fit for purpose, under balanced oil tubing drilling packages, designed to re-enter existing wells in the gas fields of southern Saudi Arabia. We will provide project management oversight and down hole drilling and Completion services including the industry leading coil track steer able drilling system deployed on coil tubing. Operations are set to begin in the second quarter of this year. Turning to Europe, Africa, Russia and the Caspian, revenue declined 12% year-over-year in the region as higher revenues from directional drilling, drilling fluids and Completions in Norway; directional drilling, wire line and Completions in Nigeria; and strong directional drilling sales in the sub-Sahara and geomarket were offset by lower activity and revenues from other geomarkets in the region. The largest year on year revenue declines occurred in the Russia, UK and Angola geomarkets. Sequentially revenue was up 11% supported by increases in directional drilling and Completion sales in Norway; improved wire line revenue and shipments of Completions equipment in Nigeria; sales of bits and Completions equipment in Libya and directional drilling and Completions systems in sub-Sahara and Africa. Our operating profit for the Europe, Africa, Russia and Caspian region was 16% in the fourth quarter, down from 22% in the year ago quarter and up from 14% in the prior quarter. Stout Oil has awarded Baker Hughes extensions on two contracts in Norway. The contracts are for the provision of drill bits, directional drilling, formation, evaluation and related services on ten to 12 rigs operating in multiple fields offshore Norway. Valued at approximately $270 million, the award extends the contracts through October, 2012.  In Russia we were awarded contracts for ESP deliveries in 2010 that exceed our total for 2009, including all of Sergei Nester gass western ESP award for 2010 and for the third year running all of Vancores ESP needs. Building on this success, we are looking forward to the launch of [Ultra R], a new low cost yet highly reliable motor designed specifically for the Russian market. Baker Hughes [inaudible] resistivity tool [Ase Track], combined our third generation Auto Trak system is redefining whats possible in the North Sea. In the fourth quarter, this combination precisely geo-steered the wild bore through the reservoir, all the while staying within six to eight feet from a steeply dipping shelf formation. This technology enables Baker Hughes to achieve critical steering control at high build rates with minimum tortuosity and chalk formations while drilling side tracks and avoiding a myriad of previously drilled wells.  Now, turning to North America, revenue in the fourth quarter was down 37% in comparison to the year ago quarter but increased 9% sequentially on increased activity both on land and in the Gulf of Mexico. The North American profit margin was 10% in the fourth quarter, down from 24% in the year ago quarter and up from 7% in Q3 2009. Baker Hughes Drilling and Evaluation technology is being used on critical wells throughout the North American basins. For example, in California, [Asetrack] was used in conjunction with AutoTrak to place a wellbore precisely in the reservoirs sweet spot, just a few feet from the cap rock in a mature oil field, resulting in a tripling of expected production. And in the Gulf of Mexico, Baker Hughes provided a variety of technologies to enable McMoRan to drill and evaluate the recent Davy Jones ultradeep discovery. HPHT logging tools, Magmatech drilling fluids, long life intech motors, Quantec PDC bits and a Baker Oil Tools [with] stock liner system all contributed to this significant achievement.  With that, Ill turn the call over to Chad.
Chad Deaton:  All right. Thank you, Martin. Overall Im pleased with Quarter 4. We saw significant improvement for both the North America and the international geomarkets and we continued to make progress on many different fronts. Q4 was our second quarter of consecutive improvement in North America as we benefited from higher levels of activity. While the price environment did not change significantly from the third quarter, higher activity on the heels of aggressive cost cutting earlier in the year led to improved profitability and attractive incrementals. Internationally we did see sequential improvement in our geomarket operations, although we still have room for improvement. In the Latin America region our revenues were down as strongly from Q3 levels and despite more than anticipated activity levels in Mexico, our profitability improved as we expected it would. We also saw higher revenue in the eastern hemisphere geomarkets and a rebound in the profitability of our Europe, Africa, Russia and Caspian region. During the quarter we continued to fine tune our new organizations structure. I continue to be very encouraged by the feedback that Im receiving from both our customers as well as from our employees. The new organization continued to mature in the fourth quarter, contributing to the improved results, and we expect this new organization to deliver on its promise of increased share and long term profitable growth as we move through 2010. Were making significant progress towards closing the BJ acquisition and we still anticipate a first quarter closing. Integration teams at both companies have made excellent progress and will be ready upon closing so we can effectively integrate BJs services into Baker Hughes and implement our operational plan.  Looking forward, we are encouraged by the improving rig count in North America. Since the end of the third quarter the gas rate count has increased to 123 rigs or 17% with 80% of the activity related to the unconventional shelf [lays]. Similarly the oil rig count is up 140 rigs or 47%, with 80% of the activity in the Permian and Williston Basins.  In some areas of the U.S. we are again starting to hire as a result of strengthening demand for our products and services. And as this demand expands and leads to improved capacity utilization, we will be able to implement price increases. Obviously well keep our eye on North American gas supply and what this could mean in the second half of this year with regards to land gas drilling. In the Gulf of Mexico, the lower tertiary plate continues to look promising and the recent developments indicate strong potential in the deep gas place such as McMoRans Davy Jones prospect. During the fourth quarter, two new drilled deepwater rigs entered the market and we expect an additional nine rigs to enter the Gulf of Mexico by year end 2010. Our product line and service capabilities are well suited to the deep gas and deepwater markets. We have increased market share on new builds coming into the market. We have seen improvement in the Canadian rig count and we are well positioned for both the emerging shale plays in the Montney and Horn River areas. And the current oil sands activity with the recent openings of our new Fort McMurray and Laduke facilities. We see oil directed activity continuing as long as oil prices remain around current levels, thus supporting drilling in both North America and the international markets. Outside of North America we look for overall activity to improve and for our customer spending to increase from 2009 levels. However, price realizations and profitability will continue to be impacted by contracts that were negotiated in 2009. In closing, 2009 was a year of significant change for the industry and for Baker Hughes as well. Our industry was faced with a significant decline in North American activity and we reacted accordingly, emerging with a leaner, more focused organization. We also set a new course for the company by implementing a new geomarket structure that is improving our market visibility, our efficiency and our customer intimacy. Through our supply chain initiatives and outsourcing programs we are driving efficiency throughout the organization, which will enhance our profitability. And last, by setting in motion the acquisition of BJ Services well add the portfolio breadth and capabilities that will make us a much stronger competitor in both the North American and international markets. Finally, I do know that many of our employees do listen to these calls and I just wanted to take a minute and thank them for their efforts in Q4. I know that without a doubt they put in a lot of hours, especially over the year end holiday season, in order to get the orders booked and out the door prior to the year end close. So just a quick note of thanks to them. And Gary, lets go ahead and open up for questions.
Gary Flaharty: All right. Thank you, Chad. At this point Ill ask Tina to open the lines for your questions. To give everyone a fair chance to ask a question we do ask that you limit yourself to a single question and a related follow up question. Tina, could we have the first question please?
Operator:  (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from William Herbert - Simmons & Company International.
William Herbert - Simmons & Company International: First of all, Chad, could you just comment in terms of what youre seeing on a leading edge basis with respect to your different product lines and service lines on the North American pricing front?
Chad Deaton: Well, Ill put it this way, were not seeing the price deterioration any more. I think if you kind of look at the different ones that are tending to get a little bit tight right now, Bill, are the ones where I think well start leading a little bit on pricing. Bits, we had some market share gain in bits in the fourth quarter and it started to get tight a quarter, so I think bits you know the typical Hughes reaction will be one of the ones to lead just like it does when it goes down. Our C&P side of the business continues to hold up fairly well. You know theyre not hit as hard as D&E so that will slowly come back in pricing as it tightens. You know some on the D&E side, some of the directional drilling, AMWD type work is becoming much more critical, you know, with these horizontal wells so I think that were going to start seeing, that does kind of leave the big players with a better chance to start improving pricing as time goes on. I would say thats kind of the breakdown.
William Herbert - Simmons & Company International:  So when were talking about lets focus on where were sort of really tight here, bits and D&E, given the service intensity of the shale plays, the longer laterals, etc., is pricing beginning to move there on that front or do we expect to start seeing an inflection some time this quarter?
Chad Deaton: Its not moving yet and it just depends on if this activity, the rig count still continues to climb, you know, 20 or 30 rigs a week, then I would think by the end of this quarter or early second quarter we could possibly see some chances to raise some prices.
William Herbert - Simmons & Company International:  Secondly, with regard to the first quarter guidance and reaffirming consensus which is I think in the neighborhood of $0.37 to $0.38, we printed $0.42 to $0.43 clean, if you break down with the likely evolutionists for the first quarter, North America likely sees a decent sequential improvement off of a strong effort in the fourth quarter, which means that international if youre going to be having a sequential downtick in earnings per share is likely lower. Whats that driven by, if thats the right conclusion? Is it driven by year end product sales not being as forthcoming in the first quarter as they were in the fourth and further margin pressure? Or whats going on on that front?
Peter Ragauss: Let me start off the answer here and maybe my colleagues can chip in, but I think there are a lot of moving parts to look at, a lot of factors that play into Q1. Typically we usually have a stronger fourth quarter and we describe that with a put forward revenue in the press release. But there are a number of other things. You know we had a $0.01 of auction rate securities gain which wont repeat. The Venezuela devaluation preliminarily our estimates that could cost us $0.01, not a big move but the good thing is we managed that pretty well. And then when you think about whats happening out in the international regions, we had a particularly strong Norway in Q4 and we wouldnt expect that to necessarily repeat in Q1 so we see some pullback in Norway, so in the Europe region thats a driver. In the Middle East youve got start up costs. Martin mentioned the [coil] tubing contract in Saudi and were just getting that geared up, so were certainly going to incur costs and the revenues will follow [audio impairment] so tip in there with a new project.  Also weve got start up costs in Iraq. Were making good progress there and getting people on the ground and getting facilities built and getting permits, and thats taking some money and again the revenues will follow later in the year.  Heading south, Mexicos, you know everybodys talked about the uncertainty in Mexico and we have our own particular uncertainty in addition to ATG which is just how many rigs we can get on in Alma and that can swing things quite a bit in Latin America. And then finally you have the unpredictable weather that could hit you in Q1, particularly in Russia and the North Sea which we havent factored into any of this.
William Herbert - Simmons & Company International: Okay. Good. That all makes sense. Thanks very much, guys.
Peter Ragauss: Theres one more in there as well, Bill, is the year on year change in pricing international. A lot of those contracts negotiated in 2009 and were going to see the results of some of that in 2010 which I think is what our peers are saying as well.
Operator: Your next question comes from James Crandell - Barclays Capital.
James Crandell - Barclays Capital: Chad or Martin, you just mentioned ramping up in Iraq. Do you think that you are far enough advanced now in your presence that you are going to be a serious contender for the first round of ITM bids in fields like Majnoon, West Qurna, Zubayr in Iraq?
Chad Deaton: Were in discussions with all the players that are out there right now you know for one or are working on things from BP to ENI to Exxon to all the others, as well as the national oil companies. We are seeing some business. It has been product sales and things picking up. We expect that perhaps well even do some of our first on the ground work by the end of Q1 in a couple of areas. Of course one of the areas that the clients are looking to Baker Hughes for help is in the area of improving existing production. Of course thats through down hole pumps and chemicals and other things. So we think thats going to be one of our early areas that well be building that.  Martin, do you want to make any comments? I think you just talked to our guys down there.
Martin Craighead: Hi, Jim. I guess the only thing Id add is Im absolutely confident that our position is every bit as strong as anyone elses. We said that a few months ago on [Cella]. Our relationship with the NOC there is extremely good. We have a great brand, a great reputation as Chad says weve been selling reputable products in there a long time. Our management team is evolving. Weve had a pretty good presence in terms of executive visits, both here from Houston as well as from the region into Iraq. Our hiring program is well ahead of schedule. In terms of the engineering talent, the Iraqi engineers. And in terms of the bids, we already have bids on the table submitted, I dont want to say for which one in case maybe our competitors missed it, but Im very satisfied. In terms of when its all going to happen, thats the big question, but steady as she goes.
James Crandell - Barclays Capital:  And follow up is on the new deepwater rigs that are coming to the market, not market share in deepwater overall but the new rigs that are coming onto the market, both on the Drilling side and the Completion side, how do you feel youre doing in winning projects, placing your products on those rigs in both segments?
Martin Craighead: If you look at the four that just recently entered the Gulf of Mexico, we were successful in the areas of sand control completion tools, upper completion, MDW, LWD, drilling fluids, fishing tools, mud logging, wire line logging and the nine that are entering in 2010 of whats been tendered so far, weve won 31% of what is tendered so far for our part of services. So were happy with that number, Jim. Thats above what our market share is right now in deepwater, so we like what weve been awarded for whats just come in recently and we like where we stand in terms of what the nine coming in in the Gulf of Mexico.  And of course in Brazil, which is the next hot spot, were very well represented down there so its even higher market share. So were winning our share.
James Crandell - Barclays Capital:  And Chad or Martin, last question and just a quick one is can you review how youre integrating BJ Services into the company? Will they have a product line focus still at BJ for at least a period of time or will it just be integrated regionally right into the company as it exists today?
Chad Deaton: Well, internationally it will be integrated pretty quickly, Jim, because already we hopefully will get this closed by the end of this quarter. But the integration team as I made in my comments has been working on both sides in order to be able to pull the trigger on this soon. And internationally we see this happening very quickly. Domestically, you know its probably going to take a few months to get everybody on the ground and get to know everybody, get their people into key positions, but we think that over a couple, three quarters that will integrate it well. Now there will be obviously a product line, pressure pumping, just like theres a product line in bits for us, but from the operational side in the field well integrate quickly and co-locate where we can and work together on these packages.
Operator: Your next question comes from Ole Slorer - Morgan Stanley.
Ole Slorer - Morgan Stanley: When it comes to the integration of the new geomarket management structure, which can be disruptive and in some cases took a lot of time for other companies, where do you feel you stand now in terms of having this structure optimized?
Chad Deaton: I think the field geomarkets are almost completely there. I think weve got another quarter of just final settling in but all the people are in place. Theyve now moved, theyve got their teams together, the sales teams are working exceptionally well together. You just travel around and listen to them talk about the packages that theyre winning and what theyre doing. I think the product line technology side has made a lot of progress in the last couple of months, probably still three or four months for them to kind of get finally organized and in place. But I think you know one of the worries all of us had, Ole, was if we didnt have the organization in place especially geographically out in the field and then we got the BJ acquisition closed, thatd be a lot on our plate. But Im feeling a lot more comfortable that the organization is running quite smoothly now and well be able to handle the integration of BJ here in the next couple of months much better than I think what it could be. So Im happy.  Martin, a lot of these guys work for you. Do you have a comment on it?
Martin Craighead: I guess the only thing Id add, Ole, is Id echo what Chad said. Were very happy but were not satisfied yet. I mean its uncovering a lot of possibilities, opportunities, but its settling in nicely. But we still have a long way to go.
Ole Slorer - Morgan Stanley:  So Martin do you still have costs associated with building out the organization into the fourth quarter and when do you expect those to ebb off?
Martin Craighead: You know, thats a good question. As we said we carried a lot just to make sure that the process went as smoothly as possible and it looks like that was successful. It was the right decision. Most of that is out. We have a little bit more in the first quarter.
Peter Ragauss: Yes, weve still got some systems work to catch up, three wire all of our internal management information and so on, so youre still going to see some charges coming through for systems work and switch over of that. And weve still got some outsourcing work to do in the first couple of quarters of 2010. But the bulk of the costs are behind us.
Ole Slorer - Morgan Stanley:  When it comes to the acquisition of BJ Services, Chad, I think you set a time in [inaudible] that you felt it would be accretive to 2011. Sounds as if that was a little conservative.
Chad Deaton: Well, well look back when it comes and well answer that question.
Ole Slorer - Morgan Stanley:  So your guidance for the first quarter, is that on a Baker Hughes standalone or is it on a pro forma?
Chad Deaton: Its standalone.
Ole Slorer - Morgan Stanley:  And what is the earliest that this acquisition could close?
Chad Deaton: The end of the first quarter.
Ole Slorer - Morgan Stanley:  So the very end of the first quarter is the earliest. So there wont be any partial benefits in the first quarter from this acquisition?
Chad Deaton: There might be a little bit, but.
Martin Craighead: It could close in March so there may be some sub-period for a few days.
Ole Slorer - Morgan Stanley:  Youve been very successful in being awarded a large extension from Petrobras on all the directional drilling work. I seem to remember there was quite some differences in drilling performance in pre-salt. Could you go a little bit through the circumstances that led to that direct award?
Chad Deaton:
 : Obviously they are probably a client that looks at performance about as well as any customer we work with. They really do break in down in terms of their KPIs, look at it regularly. We performed exceptionally well on the directional drilling of the BDM, WDE side. They as you know Ole, they extended the contract through 2012 for up to 50% of the business. They do have some new rigs coming on which they pulled us in and asked us if were ready to take those on and would we go ahead and start gearing up for those additional rigs to make sure we can handle them, which were in the process of doing. I think one comes in this quarter and we will take that one over when it comes. So theyre just a performance driven organization, looking at greater penetration, non productive time they watch very closely. This recent well that Martin referred to in his discussion was I think a 37% improvement in drilling time versus the previous well. So they just really build on. And theres a lot of feedback that comes back and forth between our company and theirs, regarding just the continuous improvement. And Martin mentioned the [Beacon] Center so those are live, thats live data being sent back into their office and our engineers working to try to just improve. And of course I think one of the successes were having now is with the increase of our drilling fluids on these rigs along with the bit, Hughes has made some significant gains on the bit side down there. So its really a system approach now. Weve got the whole bottom, whole assembly bits, fluids and its just ending up with a better result.
Ole Slorer - Morgan Stanley:  And in terms of the organization down there, we all remember what happened in 2008 when they took the cost of building this thing out before the revenue came along. Are you now at a more balanced organization relative to the incremental work scope?
Peter Ragauss: We clearly are on the DDMWD side. You know thats now in place. Were still building out on the fluids side. We went from a few percentage points of market share to up to 50 so theres still a lot of build out there, Ole. But the bit side, the directional drilling side, the Intek side, thats just now adding additional costs, additional people as we gear up these next few rigs. But weve got our costs in line there.
Ole Slorer - Morgan Stanley:  On West Africa, a lot of talk about drilling pre-salt wells. Can you take any of the experiences that youve had now in Brazil and are you able to use those effectively if that comes to taking share on somebodys new project in West Africa?
Chad Deaton: Well I think clearly when the times comes and that starts we will. I mean especially one of the big benefits were going to have now is Portuguese and Angola and our size in Brazil is going to help us tremendously with the number of people we have there if we start building up over in Angola. So that will help us along with the expertise.
Operator: Your next question comes from Scott Gruber - Sanford C. Bernstein.
Scott Gruber - Sanford C. Bernstein: In previous quarters youd quoted a dollar volume of large projects in the bidding process. Do you have an updated figure for us and maybe you can comment on how thats grown over the past three months to a year if you do?
Peter Ragauss: Scott, we dont have a total of that. I mean some of the big projects weve recently been awarded is the BPS, [BraJon] work. Weve got additional work in Brazil. Weve got the $270 million contract at Stout Oil. Weve got the coil tubing drilling contract in Saudi Arabia. You know theres close to $1 billion Im just adding up on the top of my head on those four. Put it this way, in the last four or five months were pleased with the projects that weve been winning and I think it comes down to this point that under the new organization our client visibility, our reaction time is much better than what it was a year ago. So were winning a decent share here.
Scott Gruber - Sanford C. Bernstein:  And in terms of the revenue income impact from the projects, can you just walk through how you see those starting up over the course of the year?
Chad Deaton:
 : As BraJon starting up in Q1 towards the end of Q1, weve got the coil, tubing, drilling contract in Saudi which will start up in Q2, early Q2 hopefully. The Stout Oil stuff in Norways kind of just an ongoing project, you know, that kind of rolls over. The Petrobras Brazil stuff, there are several new rigs coming in so that will start up. Like ones coming in in Q1 and then theyll add as the year goes on. What have I missed, Martin?
Martin Craighead: Nine rigs in Brazil this year, four of which we plan to absorb. Thats all I can think of.
Chad Deaton: So I think it just kind of builds as the year goes on.
Scott Gruber - Sanford C. Bernstein:  I guess more generally when you focus on regaining some of the lost market share, are the major projects going to be an area of focus or do you believe that theres certain geomarkets you have a little bit more of an edge? Or is it going to be more product specific where you think the share gains are going to be the easiest? How do you think about that more broadly?
Martin Craighead: Scott, let me try to answer. I guess we dont, but Im not sure I understand the question, please ask it again. Obviously as Chad kind of said earlier, our reputation in drilling, performance drilling, is a heck of a push in places like Brazil, as the previous fellow talked about West Africa. Theres going to be a big issue with reliability and again performance drilling. So Id say that our share gains will continue to be in the D&E area. Thats not to say though that on the C&P side we have anything to give up on. Geographically you know were happy with our situation in Mexico. I think our small presence in the ATG work is turning out to not be a bad thing. And certainly where we are working there were with the local companies. I dont foresee any rig reduction for the local companies in the ATG. And that is our client, if you will. And while the utilization offshore is not great, its giving us a good scale presence which we didnt have before.  And in North America, you know thats our bread and butter. We have a very strong brand and whether its in the oil recovery or in the gas wells, again you know its going to work well for us. I think it all gets back, though, to this geomarket organization where were just seeing so many more opportunities than weve ever been able to see before. So Im pretty bullish across the various product lines as well as the geographies.
Chad Deaton: Yes, Ill give an example why I think that Martins comment about the geographical organization. I took a trip right after the first of the year and hit a few geomarkets around and in one of them I was talking to the sales team and they threw a number out and said since the new organization went in place this last three or four months, weve made $100 million in this particular area on revenue. And when I asked the question well how much of that would you have, and they talked about bundled services, and I said how much of that would you have had anyway, at Hughes, Christiansen or in Intek or whatever would have won just because of the relationship with the client? And they knew the number. They said $71 million. But $29 additional million was awarded because we asked well since weve got the bit, why dont we get the fluids, too, because they work well together. So again its that opening comment when I said the sales teams, its one of the exciting parts about this new organization. They are really out there working together, bits people selling drilling fluids jobs and drilling fluids people selling Intek jobs. And of course they cant answer all the technical questions but they get in the door and say well we can also do this for you. So that part I think is in areas where the bundling is much more important. I think this is going to help us in 2010.
Scott Gruber - Sanford C. Bernstein:  Im also curious whether you saw it giving your technology [audio impairment] or there was just some low hanging fruit out there. [Audio impairment] perspective, you know outside of the bundling approach if you thought you could pick up some market share and if so, you know, where?
Chad Deaton: Well, hopefully weve already gone after any of them.
Scott Gruber - Sanford C. Bernstein:  What proportion of your gross CapEx is dedicated to the deepwater?
Peter Ragauss: I dont have that number broken down. 
Martin Craighead: Let me take a stab at that. Thats a tough one for us. You know we dont have any permanent installations so to speak yet. Were not in the cementing business. To say that CapEx is dedicated towards a certain rig, I mean all of our assets are fungible. They either go on the rig or they come off. Hopefully they go on more than the opposite. Thats a really tough thing to nail down but certainly with that growth, as we said the nine rigs coming into Brazil and planning to get our share, you could probably look at around 20% of that rental to CapEx at least is oriented toward that rig growth.
Chad Deaton:  You know this year part of that will be we are building a new 300 foot simulation vessel as Baker Hughes so some of that CapEx obviously goes to the deepwater, deepwater CapEx. Its for sand control.
Operator: Your next question comes from Daniel Boyd - Goldman Sachs.
Daniel Boyd - Goldman Sachs: I just want to have a follow up on Iraq. In terms of the bids that are out there, whats the timing on when theyre due and how quickly could you ramp up, given your current infrastructure?
Martin Craighead: One of the bids have already been submitted. That means its on the table already in the customers hands. Another request has come out and these are pretty significant. Parallel to that, and I think youre probably referring to the IOC awards, parallel to that the national oil companies arent sitting idle either. Theyre soliciting inquiries for service equipment, wire line trucks, drilling tools and some infrastructure in terms of mud plants to be brought into the country. As I said earlier I think to Jims question, weve got quite a contingent in and out as Im sure our competitors do as well.  In terms of when it will actually happen, I think youll see service revenue in Baker Hughes in Q1 towards the end and then building from there. But in terms of the big ITM projects, you know, our customer, the IOCs are the ones that have to answer that ultimately.
Daniel Boyd - Goldman Sachs:  And do you think there will be a distinction in terms of the profitability in terms of the different types of service contracts that are being offered out there? Are you seeing a difference? And what would determine the difference and maybe the make up of the project? Are some more technically challenging than others?
Chad Deaton: Are you talking about Iraq?
Daniel Boyd - Goldman Sachs: Yes.
Chad Deaton: Yes, but I think your first path is going to be a little like west Siberia 10 years ago or 12 years ago when it opened up. I think people are going to get in there and the first thing theyre going to try to do is just improve production, basic production from basic wells. And that means it goes back to bottom hole, ESP pumps, chemicals, work over type programs, maybe some kickoffs or small laterals. And then as that production comes up and they get some cash flow and other things, then I think well start seeing a step out into deeper, more challenging wells, directional wells, etc. I think the first I dont know, year, year-and-a-half, its really going to be focused on just improving basic production.
Daniel Boyd - Goldman Sachs:  So all the projects that youre looking at or bidding on, theyre all very similar then in terms of scope and margin potential. Is that correct?
Peter Ragauss: Yes. I think to answer your question, too, regarding pricing, the pricing is going to be good. The problem is its going to be a heck of an expensive place to operate in in the early stages. Infrastructure wise as well as security wise, salaries and wages and those kind of things, but from a pricing standpoint it should be very, very good.
Operator: Your next question comes from Marshall Adkins - Raymond James.
Marshall Adkins - Raymond James: Could you give me a little bit more detailed breakdown of the writedowns by region? I didnt hear that in the overview.
Peter Ragauss: Well, weve got in the press releases, weve got as much detail as were prepared to discuss so I can talk about it on the [comment] on my press release. 
Marshall Adkins - Raymond James:  Yes, Ive got the acquisition cost of $16 million and I guess the gain of $4 million but theres a lot of other stuff in there. I was just wondering if you could shed a little light.
Gary Flaharty: Those are summarized on Page 9 of the news release on Table 4 and that gives you for all those categories in total, that gives you the breakdown of those categories by region and geographic area and so forth.
Peter Ragauss: It was a total of $74 million and its got $26 in corporate, $48 in oil field ops and then its got the regional breakdown on Page 9.
Marshall Adkins - Raymond James:  Russia, fill me in on whats going on there, whats the opportunity there? Is that going to be in the next three to four years a big area for you?
Chad Deaton: Its already a big area for us. Yes, Russias showing some life coming back. We were successful with two key clients there on ESP sales already, in terms of the ESP sales for 2010 already exceeded what our ESP sales were for all of 2009. Critically one of them was for all their work in the eastern Siberia [van] core project which gets a lot of exposure. Youve got three main key customers there that have plans to increase our type of spending CapEx about 17% in 2010. We have a good relationship with all three of those clients. So I think, of course well see a break up come up in Russia. End of Q1, Q2 may not be very good but by Q3, Q4 we see Russia improving considerably. And also of course the Caspian is fairly active right now and theres some big projects coming out there that weve tendered for that we hope to be able to win.
Marshall Adkins - Raymond James: So outside of the seasonal issues, it sounds like that theres a better than average growth opportunity there versus other years?
Chad Deaton: Itll be a better year than 2009, yes.
Marshall Adkins - Raymond James:  Venezuela and the currency thing, any impact we need to be aware of there?
Peter Ragauss: Yes, the preliminary estimate is about $0.01 in Q1. Of course well refine that as the quarter goes along but we managed down our fixed assets, etc., over time so we didnt have as much exposure perhaps as some of the others.
Operator: Your next question comes from Stephen Gengaro - Jefferies & Co.
Stephen Gengaro - Jefferies & Co.: I guess two quick ones. The first on Mexico and as they sort of reassess whats going on with Chicontepec, does that change your approach to that area at all, if theyre potentially going to more incentified contracts? Is that beneficial to Baker Hughes relative to the peers?
Chad Deaton: Well we think that we agree with these comments that some of the peers have talked about that its moving a little bit away from an IPM to more PEMEX calling [sharp] and the awarding of contracts, which we think is beneficial to Baker Hughes. We have continuously pushed down there that some of the things that they need have not just low cost incentive projects but to try to develop technology more and use technology more. Not that some of our peers cant obviously provide that as well, but we think that were in pretty good shape with PEMEX especially on the Alma. Some of the things that weve been able to introduce there on Alma and as well on the ATG with some of the horizontal drilling and frac point and other things, so as Martin said you know perhaps its best we werent heavily into ATG like some of the others. But we like our position there right now. We dont have huge exposure but they clearly know us and weve got some real opportunity to work with them to help solve some of these technical challenges.
Martin Craighead: Let me just add one thing to that. I think the jury is in down there, you know, finally. Its a complex reservoir. Its shallow but that doesnt mean its easy to produce out of. Getting those wells down to $1 million a well left very little margin for any of the service companies participating. We avoided it. And it didnt reach the MPV hurdles or whatever they needed down there in terms of PEMEX. Production just didnt get there. So you know back to Chads comment, the real value thats going to be provided in that reservoir for PEMEX, and you know how critical that reservoir is, on the hills of Cantrells decline, its going to be in the hands of the service companies, theyre going to be able to work with them and show them what the issues are and how the technology we have or our competitors have in their portfolio can leverage it.  Its not to say that the factory approach is wrong. It works in some places, but I dont see that being the long term solution in Chicontepec.
Stephen Gengaro - Jefferies & Co.:  I know in Germany Art talked a lot about the supply chain and about $300 million in cost savings, I believe. Any updates on the progress there or whether that numbers going to ultimately be larger?
Chad Deaton: First of all, Art and his team are doing a tremendous job and in all the categories whether its strategic sourcing or whether its the logistics, whether its the sales and operations planning with the new team in place, were making great headway. Were ahead of schedule and I think that the number will be bigger. The answer is yes, I do.
Gary Flaharty:  We want to be conscious of where we are on time, so Tina, could we take one final question, please?
Operator: Your last question comes from Michael Urban - Deutsche Bank Securities.
Michael Urban - Deutsche Bank Securities:  Actually my question has been answered. Thank you.
Operator: Would you like to take one more question?
Gary Flaharty: Go ahead and take one more.
Operator: Your last question comes from [Jeff Keevers]  Weeden & Co.
[Jeff Keevers]  Weeden & Co.: Go back to one of the comments that Peter made earlier about future for additional charges. I just wanted to clarify there whether you were talking about charges that would be broken out as kind of non-recurring items, kind of recurring, non-recurring items or whether you were just talking about continued another couple of quarters where wed see some margin pressure because of those costs.
Peter Ragauss: If theyre of magnitude, well break them out. If theyre smaller then well just sort of ignore them and keep them in the margin. Well make that determination at the time.
[Jeff Keevers]  Weeden & Co.: So the size of them will determine whether you kind of treat them as special, non-recurring or not?
Peter Ragauss: Yes, thats usually what our investors prefer. If something is of magnitude, we break that out for your perusal.
[Jeff Keevers]  Weeden & Co.: So Im guessing that the size you were forecasting sort of falls in the boundary between you know those two categories right now.
Peter Ragauss: Right.
[Jeff Keevers]  Weeden & Co.: Chad, I think you know when you first stated your confidence in making the then consensus for the fourth quarter a lot of people were surprised at that and youve obviously beaten that number. Were you surprised?
Chad Deaton: Yes. You know it was going to be a challenge we felt. Ive got to really give credit and thats why I had to give the credit to our people out there in the field. I tell you people busted their tails in order to get this done. You know Martin talks about our supply chain, these guys worked to get some of these big completions packages out the door before the end of the year, which helped a lot to make this. So yes, we were a little surprised, Jeff, otherwise we would have set it higher. 
Martin Craighead: But Jeff to say we were surprised, we were above our expectations in that we had at the beginning of the quarter but we did have a strong December, pretty much across the board. So if thats considered a surprise, yes, maybe. But you know the market reacted a bit more favorably than maybe we originally thought. And we actually had an inkling this was happening when we had some plan reviews in mid-December that the guys were saying they were so busy. So to say its a surprise, yes, the market reacted pretty well for us.
Chad Deaton: And we had a couple of areas where we had some nice shift of business and mix. The Gulf of Mexico came on very strongly for us. We ended up picking up some nice rigs there, the UK bounced back a little more stable, Norway had a very strong quarter. So there were a few areas that just came on as the quarter went on that helped us a bunch.
[Jeff Keevers]  Weeden & Co. : So what I was trying to get at is whether there was anything that you observed or learned during the quarter that would change the sort of performance targets that you laid out in the analyst meeting for 2010?
Chad Deaton: No, I dont think so. You know what we laid out for 2010 is the direction were trying to go at this new organization and I think it jelled nicely in the quarter. It started really coming together which got us our focus back. Theres a lot of excitement out there. I think this quarters going to help our guys with the excitement. Theyre winning and everybody likes to win. So its going the right direction.
[Jeff Keevers]  Weeden & Co.: On that winning comment, my last question is you talk about your share gains, you cited the example of this one geomarket where theyre estimating they got 40% more revenue from the customers than what they would have without the sort of reorganization. Sure, thats not the norm but are you taking that share from other competitors that also are able to bundle their services? Or are you taking that share from competitors that arent able to offer that?
Chad Deaton: Its both.
[Jeff Keevers]  Weeden & Co.: Is there any sort of way you could characterize who youre winning from?
Chad Deaton: No, its way too early. Ask me that in a year.
Gary Flaharty: Thank you, Chad. Thank you, Peter. Thank you, Martin. I want to thank everyone and all of our participants this morning for your time and your thoughtful questions. As usual following the conclusion of todays call, both [Gene] and I will be available to answer any additional questions you may have. Once again thank you for your participation. Tina?
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in todays Baker Hughes Incorporated conference call. This call will be available for replay beginning at 1:00 PM Eastern Time or 12:00 PM Central Time and will be available through 11:59 PM Eastern Time on Tuesday, February 9, 2010.  The conference ID number for the replay is 48158116. Again, the conference ID number for the replay is 48158116. The number to dial for the replay is 800-642-1687 in the U.S. or 706-645-9291 international. Again those numbers are 800-642-1687 or 706-645-9291. Thank you. You may now disconnect.

===== 2009 Q3  (2009-11-04 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Gary Flaharty  VP, IR Chad Deaton  Chairman, President and CEO Peter Ragauss  SVP and CFO Martin Craighead  SVP and COO
Analysts: Jim Crandell  Barclays Capital Bill Herbert  Simmons & Company Joe Hill  Tudor, Pickering, Holt Kurt Hallead  RBC Capital Markets Mike Urban  Deutsche Bank Brad Handler  Credit Suisse Dan Boyd  Goldman Sachs Rob Mackenzie  FBR Capital Markets Stephen Gengaro  Jefferies & Company
Operator: Good morning. My name is Celeste, and I will be your conference facilitator. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Baker Hughes third quarter 2009 earnings conference call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers remarks, there will be a question-and-answer period. (Operator instructions) Thank you. I will now turn the conference over to Mr. Gary Flaharty, Vice President of Investor Relations. Sir, you may please proceed.
Gary Flaharty: All right, thank you Celeste, and good morning everyone. Welcome to the Baker Hughes third quarter 2009 earnings conference call. Here with me this morning are Chad Deaton, Baker Hughes President, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman; Peter Ragauss, Baker Hughes Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; and Martin Craighead, Senior Vice President and our Chief Operating Officer. Following managements comments this morning, we will open the lines for your questions. Reconciliation of operating profits and non-GAAP measures to GAAP results for historic and current periods can be found on our Website at www.bakerhughes.com in the Investor Relations section, under financial information and in this mornings news release. Finally, I caution you that any company outlooks discussed this morning are subject to various risk factors. We will try to highlight these risk factors as we make these forward-looking statements. However, the format of the call prevents a more thorough discussion of these risk factors. For a full discussion of these risk factors, please refer to our annual report 10-K, 10-Q, and in particular the forward-looking disclosure in this mornings news release. With that, I will conclude our discussion of the administrative details. I am turning the call over to Chad Deaton. Chad?
Chad Deaton: All right. Thanks Gary, good morning everyone. To start, I just wanted to make a few brief observations about the quarter. From an earnings standpoint, it was clearly a disappointment, from the standpoint of the ongoing transition initiatives that we have in place, so we are making some progress, good progress. North Americas performance reflected a solid execution in a difficult market during the quarter. We mentioned on the last call that we felt the bottom was reached in Q2 for North America, and that appears to have held true as Q3 did improve. In North America, we cut costs aggressively on the first half of the year, and that combined with a modest sequential increase in activity resulted in an improvement in our overall profitability. This improvement was in spite of some further pricing deterioration in the quarter and the extremely low levels of drilling activity in the Gulf of Mexico shelf. On the international performance however, it was a disappointment, as we saw significant deterioration in our bottom line numbers for the quarter. To some degree, this was attributable to the fact that our organizational transformation isnt complete, requiring us to carry additional cost to ensure a smooth transition without sacrificing, execution or service quality. The need to carry these additional costs will largely be behind us as we enter 2010. The move to the new geomarket organization has progressed fairly well over these last few months, and we still like the direction we are going, but when you do these type of reorganizations, one of the dangers is that it could become inertly focused, and I think we are guilty of that during the third quarter. This showed up in our revenue trends as we did lose some share in the quarter, but as I said, we very much like the direction this new organization is taking and we feel strongly that this share loss is temporary and we will get it back in the future. An important fact is that even during this major reorganization, and this is why the concerns I often have when we go into these, our service execution on the well side has remained extremely strong. So, we fully expect the new organization to recapture and grow share beginning in 2010. Looking forward, we believe that excluding reorganization, severance, and acquisition costs and any additional charges for doubtful accounts, that we are on track to meet current Street expectations for the fourth quarter. And finally, as you know, we announced the transaction of a combined Baker Hughes and BJ Services, and every day we get more excited about BJ joining Baker Hughes, and obviously we look forward to completing the transaction as quickly as possible. We have established an integration team that is staffed and has been working to assure a smooth transaction once we close. We made our most critical regulatory filings and are working with different agencies to obtain the necessary clearance for the merger, and we did give a second request and so we now expect the transaction to close sometime in the first quarter of 2010. The strategy that we outlined in Celle, Germany, at our Analyst Day in September, remains very much intact. We are confident in the direction we are going and are focused on building customer intimacy and improving our operational efficiency, and with the brief purchase of BJ, build out our product portfolio. For Baker Hughes, 2010 will be about benefiting from the overhead costs and are executing on our strategy. I will now turn the call over to Peter to talk some of our financial review of the quarter. Peter?
Peter Ragauss: Thanks Chad. Good morning. This morning, we reported net income on a US GAAP basis of $55 million or $0.18 per share. This compares to $1.39 per share a year ago and $0.28 per share for the second quarter of 2009. Q3 revenue was $2.2 billion, down 26% or $777 million year-over-year, and down 4% or $103 million sequentially. North America revenue was $817 million in the third quarter, down 38% year-over-year, but up 3% sequentially. Revenue outside of North America was $1.4 billion in the third quarter, down 17% year-over-year and down 8% sequentially. Severance reorganization and acquisition costs in the third quarter were $33 million, and we increased our allowance for doubtful accounts by $5 million in the quarter, for a total of $38 million or $0.08 per share. You will note in our news release this morning, we provided a new table, which reflects operating profit and operating profit margins on an adjusted basis, excluding these charges. For the balance of our comments this morning, references to operating profit and operating profit margins will be on the adjusted basis. As such, our oilfield operating margin for the third quarter was 10%, down from 22% in the year-ago quarter, and down from 12% in the second quarter. Turning to the performance of our two segments, Drilling and Evaluation revenue was $1 billion in Q3, down 32% year-over-year and down 6% sequentially. The Drilling and Evaluation segments operating margin was 5% in Q3, down from 22% in the year-ago quarter and down from 9% in Q2. Revenue for our Completion and Production segment was $1.2 billion, down 19% from year-ago quarter and down 3% sequentially. C&Ps operating margin in Q3 was 14%, and this compares to 22% in the third quarter of 2008, and 16% in the prior quarter. To help you evaluate our earnings per share in the third quarter, I will review the significant items that bridge the sequential and year-ago quarters to third quarter EPS of $0.18. In Q2 of 2009, our US GAAP net income per share was $0.28. From this $0.28, subtract $0.02 for the impact of a higher tax rate compared to Q2, add $0.02 as a result of lower corporate expense, add $0.01 for lower net interest expense, add $0.08 for increased profits in North America, and subtract $0.19 for decreased profits outside of North America. This gets us to the $0.18 we are reporting for the third quarter. Now bridging from the year-ago quarter, from the US GAAP net income per share of $1.39 we reported in the third quarter of 2008, subtract $0.14 for the impact on an unfavorable tax rate this quarter relative to the year-ago quarter, subtract $0.04 for higher interest expense, subtract $0.01 as a result of higher corporate expense, subtract $0.59 for decreased profits in North America, and subtract $0.43 for decreased profits outside of North America. This gets us to the $0.18 we are reporting for the second quarter. Now that we are three quarters of the way through a very challenging year, I thought it would be a good time to recap all of the cost saving measures we have taken to date and their associated charges we have incurred as well as other costs of a transitory nature. Year-to-date, we have incurred about $75 million in severance charges, representing a net headcount reduction of about 4,800. While we are satisfied with our execution of the transformation so far, we still have duplication of certain costs. We estimate the impact of these duplicate costs was approximately $0.45 per share in the third quarter. As Chad said, these duplicate costs will be coming out beginning in the fourth quarter. These actions will include a reduction of our headcount by several hundred by year-end, but particular emphasis on our international cost structure. Year-to-date, we have incurred about $28 million in reorganization and acquisition costs. Some reorganization cost will persist into the next few quarters, but we will be ramping down from here. BJ Services acquisition related costs will be increasing as we get closer to closing that transaction. We have increased our provision for doubtful accounts by $71 million year-to-date, but I am pleased to report that we have made very good progress on our collections in Latin America in the past quarter. Adding all of these up, reorganization, severance and acquisition costs, and allowance for doubtful accounts, totaled $175 million year-to-date of transitory costs, which are behind us. Another area we have made progress on this year is financed outsourcing. We will have invested about $40 million this year, moving several hundred financed subs offshore. Most of these costs will not recur and we will start seeing underlying savings in 2010 coming through the G&A line. Getting more specific about the corporate cost line, we recorded $76 million in corporate costs in Q3. $9 million of this was related to severance, reorganization and acquisition costs. So, the underlying corporate costs have been running about $67 million per quarter. For Q4, we see a ramp up in BJ Services acquisition related legal fees. We still have some lingering reorganization costs on systems and alike being incurred. Our estimate is that we will incur an additional $21 million above the underlying $67 million cost for a total of about $88 million in Q4. Turning to the balance sheet, at quarter end, our total debt was $1.8 billion and our long-term debt to cap ratio was 20%. Our net debt was $319 million. We have no maturities of long-term debt until November 2013. We currently have $1 billion in undrawn committed credit facilities, comprised of $500 million facility, which is accessible through 2012, and a $500 million 364-day facility, which is accessible through March 2010. At quarter-end, we had cash and short-term investments of $1.5 billion. This totals $2.5 billion in available liquidity. Sequentially, we released another $74 million in working capital, driven by reductions and receivables in inventory. We had generated free cash flow before dividends of about $500 million year-to-date in 2009. Moving on to other guidance, 2009 capital expenditure is still expected to be $1.1 billion. Our tax rate for Q4 is expected to be between 31% and 32%. I will now turn the call over to Martin, who will highlight our geographic results. Martin?
Martin Craighead: Thanks Peter. As Chad noted earlier, our international margins fell short of our expectations. Latin American revenue was down 7% year-on-year, as growth in the Mexico, Central America, and Brazil geomarkets was offset by declines in Venezuela and the Argentina, Bolivia, Chile geomarkets. Activity in Bolivia decreased and operations in Argentina were impacted by labor strikes. Revenue declined 4% sequentially as higher revenue in the Brazil, Colombia, Ecuador, Peru geomarkets, was more than offset by lower revenues in Venezuela. Excluding the Venezuela geomarket, Latin America revenue was flat sequentially and up compared to the year-ago quarter. The operating profit margin in Latin America for the third quarter was 5%, down from 18% in the quarter of 08, and down from 21% in the prior quarter. The sequential decline in operating margins was primarily due to the expected ramp-up costs in Mexico, associated with our expansion of the ATG operation, higher labor costs in Argentina, price erosion and an unfavorable product mix. We ended the quarter with a record six rigs operating in the Alma marine integrated services project for PEMEX, we TDed two wells in the quarter, one excess of 6,200 meters. In spite of the startup costs with the ATG expansion, I am pleased with our operational execution. We expect to be on three additional rigs by the year-end to further support the indigenous oil companies. Additionally, we have been able to deliver higher technology products and services on the projects to improve reservoir characterization and improved recovery factors. Something PEMEX is going to be increasingly focused on. Finally, our newly deployed BEACON center for Mexico became fully operational during the third quarter, providing permanent monitoring visibility of ongoing operations allowing Baker Hughes experts from around the world to support PEMEX on operational and technical challenges real-time. Turning to the Middle East Asia Pacific region, revenues decreased 10% from year-ago levels, in line with the rig count, as higher activity in Australasia, India and Southwest Asia geomarkets was offset by lower revenue in all other oilfield markets. Revenues declined 7% sequentially, as increased revenues in the India, Southwest Asia, Indonesia and Australasia geomarkets was more than offset by reduced activity in North Asia, Egypt, Gulf, and Southeast Asia geomarkets. The Middle East and Asia Pacific regions operating profit margin was 12% in the third quarter, compared to a 19% in the year-ago quarter and 15% in the second quarter. The sequential drop is due primarily to price erosion and activity declines exceeding our cost reduction actions. During the quarter, we were awarded drilling, evaluation and completion contracts for a 12 well deepwater exploration program for a consortium of six major IOCs in Indonesia. Work on this contract will begin in the second quarter of 2010. And in the Gulf geomarket, we achieved a new milestone in reservoir characterization, performing one of the largest ever onshore 3D VSP jobs for a major NOC. With the introduction of the seismic explorer service, a 100-level bore hole streamer digital [ph] it will become possible to acquire more data in less time. In this particular case, operations were even more efficient as the VSP and surface seismic data were acquired simultaneously, a major breakthrough with Hughes associated cost savings for the operator. Now, turning to Europe, Africa, Russia and the Caspian, revenue declined 24% year-over-year in the region. With the exception of Angola geomarket, revenues declined year-on-year across all geomarkets, with the largest declines in Russia, UK and Norway geomarkets. Percent of revenue increases in Norway, Sub Sahara Africa, Caspian, And Nigeria geomarkets were offset by declines in the UK, Russia, Continental Europe, Angola and Libya geomarkets. Our operating profit for the Europe, Africa, Russia and Caspian region was 13% in the third quarter, down from 23% in the year-ago quarter, and down from 19% in the prior quarter. The profit margin change in the third quarter reflected a change in product mix, continuing price pressures, and additional inventory provisions. In conjunction with Statoil, Baker Hughes successfully tested an exciting new drilling technology in the third quarter, which is designed to improve efficiency and reduce costs, when drilling an unstable formation. The development of this new steerable drilling liner technology is the product of several years of collaboration between Baker Hughes and Statoil, and is designed to answer the challenges of drilling in depleted formation in complex lithology. This worlds first operation was a success and has led to a second pending test in the North Sea. Baker Hughes zone track has seen continued success in North Sea, most recently on an exploration well in Norways (inaudible). The zone track system incorporates sensors at the drill bit to identify formation changes as quickly as possible. This technology gives our clients the opportunity to reduce risks, optimize casing-setting depth and enhance boring operations. Based upon this success, we have been awarded another 5 wells in Norway across a consortium of different clients. Also in the quarter, qualification testing was completed in Norway for our EQUALIZER Select, which is experiencing increasing demand in the North Sea. This technology adds to our portfolio of inflow control device technologies and is specifically designed to allow for greater flexibility and sensitivity to changes in fluid viscosity. This technology is crucial for optimizing production, especially as well paths become more complex due to ever-increasing reservoir complexities and continued advances in directional drilling. Based on the success of this project, we have been awarded a multimillion dollar contract beginning in early 2010. And in Azerbaijan, we were awarded a $300 million contract by a major oil company for directional drilling services, formation evaluation and completion services. The contract has an initial term of three years, with two 1-year extension option. Work under this contract will begin in January 2010. To summarize, in Q3, internationally was obviously a very difficult quarter for us. That said, with the progress we are making on our reorganization and the other strategic initiatives, I am confident that international margins bottoms in the third quarter. Turning to North America, revenue in Q3 was down 38% in comparison to the year-ago quarter, but increased 3% sequentially, principally due to the strength of our completion and production product lines and overall activity recovery in Canada. Our US revenue was down 39% year-on-year compared to a rig count that was down 51% and was flat sequentially compared to a rig count that was up 4%. The US land rig count rebounded from Q2 lows and was up 6% sequentially. The US offshore rig count continued to decline in the third quarter and averaged 34 rigs in the quarter, down 32% from previous quarter. Offshore activity was impacted by a number of factors, including continued erosion in shelf activity, delays in delivery of new billed rigs for deepwater projects and cash flow challenges for smaller operators. And although we had no hurricanes this year, mooring issues in the deepwater and mid-water market increased air gap requirements in the jack-up market and wind storm insurance premiums had an impact on activity despite the lack of the hurricanes, and we expect to see re-occurring seasonality in the offshore rig count during hurricane season in coming years. The shelf rig count is now at levels not seen since the early 1960s. We said in last quarters conference call that we expect Q2 to mark the low point for North American profitability, this was indeed the case, as the North American operating margin improved from 2% to 7% in the third quarter. We had some notable operational highlights in Q3, which included introduction of additional technologies to support activity in the unconventional reservoirs. In collaboration with a major US independent operator, we successfully installed the first 24-stage FracPoint EX open hole isolation completion system in the Williston Basin. In addition, we launched IntelliFrac services, an integration of state-of-the-art fracturing and production enhancement services from BJ Services, with advanced micro seismic services from Baker Hughes. This combined offering enables operators to monitor fracture dimensions during stimulation treatments and allows real-time control of fracing operations. During the quarter, we continued to close or consolidate field locations as part of an ongoing process of aligning our resources with key basins or markets where we see strong demand and growth potential. We believe we have seen the bottom of rig activity in this cycle, oil-directed activity has continued to improve, with the increase in crude prices, and gas-directed drilling in North America is gradually increasing and we believe this trend will likely continue through 2010. We are confident that actions we have taken will continue to lead to improved profitability in North America. Pricing pressure was significant in the quarter, but we believe it has stabilized. Conversely, a strong recovery in pricing will not occur until we see a substantial rebound in drilling activity for further rationalization of capacity in some of the product lines. With that, I will turn the call back over to Chad.
Chad Deaton: Thank you Martin. So before I hand this over for questions, let me just lead you with some final points. As discussed on the last call, and again in Celle, Germany, at the Analyst Conference, this is a company that is undergoing what I believe is a profound transformation. And yes, this quarter results, particularly on the international side were disappointing, but we remain committed to the long-term strategy. The transformation is taking place on three key fronts. First, we are aggressively moving forward on our supply chain. We are executing plans that will dramatically reduce our costs and improve our ability to service the customers worldwide. We expect the benefits from this strategy to be materially evident by the second half of 2010. Second, we are focused on improving our operational effect. Key improvement in this area, we are financing outsourcing efforts led by Peter. The first fruits of this effort will be realized in Q1 of 2010 and will grow throughout the year. And third, we are executing on the organizational change thats part of the customer intimacy strategy in getting closer to the customer. Martin has been driving this change and has made some solid progress. Most people have now moved to their new assignments and response from our clients has been very encouraging. Although, its early in the transformation process, we are seeing intangible benefits from our geomarkets, a better and more sophisticated understanding of the market, and a much improved capability to bundle and integrate our products and services. Last, we are expanding the breadth of products and services we can offer with the pending acquisition of BJ Services. As we said in Celle, we expected to experience a few quarters of disruption. This is a complex transition and we do have a lot on our plate and it is manageable. In the end, I believe we will deliver results from a much stronger company with an improved customer-focused organization and an expanded portfolio of products and services. So, with that, Gary, lets open it up for questions.
Gary Flaharty: All right. Thank you Chad. And at this point, I will ask Celeste to open the line for your questions. To give everyone a fair chance to ask their question, we do ask that you limit yourself to a single question and a related follow-up question. Celeste, can we have the first question, please?
Operator: (Operator instructions) Your first question comes from the line Jim Crandell with Barclays Capital.
Jim Crandell  Barclays Capital: Good morning.
Chad Deaton: Good morning Jim.
Jim Crandell  Barclays Capital: Could you talk a little bit about your statements that, I guess two-part question that you thought that this coming quarters earnings would be in line with Street expectations? And can you elaborate a little bit more on your statement that you think that international margins have bottomed, would you say that this would apply to the  is this because that Latin America is coming out with such a depressed number, or would you also say that this enhance your margins to bottom here?
Chad Deaton: Yes, Jim. Tell me again whats your first question, as I missed that first one.
Jim Crandell  Barclays Capital: I was a little bit surprised that you reiterated your expectation for fourth quarter earnings.
Chad Deaton: Okay. Yes, well again, my statement was if you take a look at where fourth quarter consensus is right now, its about $0.37, and granted we are still going to have severance charges in the quarter. We got some reorganization and BJ charges in the quarter, possibly some doubtful accounts, but if you back those out or adjust for them, we feel that the $0.37  $0.36, $0.37, whatever the consensus is, we feel that thats still in range for our fourth quarter. And as far as the margins that we are talking about, yes, theres no doubt that the international margins, as Martin said, has bottomed.  Peter talked about we will be carrying some excess hedge you might say because of the transition over these last couple of quarters to make sure that we can go ahead and close the books and get things done and operate as we move from a product line focus to letting the geomarkets and regions call the shots. Those hedges will be coming out, most of that is on the international side, and as Peter said, that makes a difference of about $0.04 or $0.05 that we have been carrying in third quarter, which will disappear. So, you take that into effect, that we will see an improvement in Q4 international margins, and we expect that we will then see the benefit of these other hedge changes coming out in Q4 and Q1. So, we should be building international margins back up from here.
Jim Crandell  Barclays Capital: I guess my question was, Chad, do you think that eastern hemisphere margins have also bottomed?
Chad Deaton: Yes, definitely. Its not just Latin America. The eastern hemisphere, same thing. We are carrying a lot of heads in those areas, lot of severance that people are still coming off. As we transition out, they will come out now.
Jim Crandell  Barclays Capital: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Bill Herbert with Simmons & Company.
Bill Herbert  Simmons & Company: Thanks, good morning guys.
Chad Deaton: Hi Bill.
Peter Ragauss: Good morning Bill.
Bill Herbert  Simmons & Company: Chad, if we could just stick on the bridge, if you will, to the $0.36 to $0.37 for a little bit longer, and with regard to the international margins, lets focus on two regions here for a second where I guess relative to my expectations, the margin contraction quarter-on-quarter was the most severe. Latin America and Europe, Africa, CIS, Latin America, I mean, you mentioned Venezuela is being a primary culprit of pricing activity etcetera, 4.9% of margins third quarter. I get the $0.04 to $0.05 in headcount chop in terms of earnings per share benefit quarter-on-quarter, but realistically when you look at Latin America, and then Europe, Africa, CIS are, where can we expect margins to be for those two particular regions in the fourth quarter?
Chad Deaton: Lets go through  Mexico will improve, we had a lot of startup costs in Mexico on the ATG projects for the three, you know, we are on three different contractors there, quite of a few rigs that we are staffing up.
Bill Herbert  Simmons & Company: Got you.
Chad Deaton: Brazil, activity is still strong in Brazil. We are ramping up on the drilling fluid side, obviously the margins in the drilling fluid arent great as they are on the D&E side, the drilling side. So, we have got some startup costs there. We had some switching and some inventory cleanup and some other things that took place in Brazil, that brought us down for the quarter, but we see that and returning back again in the fourth quarter in working these numbers.
Bill Herbert  Simmons & Company: Okay. Good.
Chad Deaton: Argentina is a mess. You dont see any bright stars there.
Bill Herbert  Simmons & Company: Got it.
Chad Deaton: Venezuela, we have been pulling back there, that as Peter said, we are seeing some nice payments in that area that should encourage us, that will encourage us to get back and take on some more and it appears us that they are continuing to pay. So, that should help offset some of the challenges and problems that was been hit with Venezuela. If you look at the Russia Caspian 
Bill Herbert  Simmons & Company: So, Chad, to linger on Latin America for a brief moment. 21% margins in the second quarter, 4.9% in the third, what do you think is a reasonable expectation in terms of range or margins for the fourth quarter?
Chad Deaton: Well, I dont think we would be out of the woods in the fourth quarter, and Latin America necessarily getting back up to 20%, thats going to happen, Bill, but I think in the fourth quarter, we can come close to doubling where we ended up in the third quarter.
Bill Herbert  Simmons & Company: Okay, got it.
Chad Deaton: And I think as we get some of the other things out, first quarter, need to see a little more improvement from that.
Bill Herbert  Simmons & Company: Okay, and with regard to Europe, Africa, CIS, if you could sort of provide us with a little bit more color in terms of the third quarter and bridging the fourth?
Chad Deaton: Okay. Well, Europe, the place that has been hit hard there is the UK. Revenue is down significantly there. We have not gotten our costs out of there as fast as what we did in North America, and again part of it is, Aberdeen is one of those areas where we had a lot of outsourcing as a finance sector as well as some transition to let Africa handle. So, we have got  those costs are coming out in Q4. So, we will see some improvement in the UK sector. Russia Caspian, and especially Russia, we didnt have a good quarter in Russia.  We believe that some of our  a couple of our competitors had a very strong quarter in Russia, because we are watching the frac market a little closer for obvious reasons now. It was very strong. And Russia started back up and a lot of fracing going on in Russia during third quarter and probably gone and also in the North Sea, there was a lot of frac activity in West Africa for vessel stimulation. Basically, we didnt participate in. So, I think Russia was an area that is slowly coming back for us. But again, I think in both Middle East and Europe Africa, we will see some improvement in margins in Q4, and should see some additional as those other costs come out for Q1.
Bill Herbert  Simmons & Company: Okay, thats very helpful. Thank you Chad.
Chad Deaton: You bet.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Joe Hill with Tudor, Pickering, Holt.
Joe Hill  Tudor, Pickering, Holt: Good morning.
Chad Deaton: Good morning.
Joe Hill  Tudor, Pickering, Holt: I noticed, Martin mentioned a negative mix shift a couple of times in his commentary regarding the various regions, and I am just kind of wondering if theres any broad observations you can make with regards to whats going on with your mix and the potential for that to improve.
Martin Craighead: Yes, Joe. Let me take it two ways. When I say mix, its not only product by mix, its geographic mix as well. Back to some of the comments that Chad made in Latin America, obviously the most attractive country in Latin America is Brazil, we have a very strong presence, but if you go back five years ago, there was another one there in Northern Latin America, Venezuela, which was also very, very strong. But it has been become increasingly obvious that we had to branch out into some other places.  Now, parallel to all that, with Venezuela coming down in the southern cone, particularly the labor issues in Argentina, thats compressed our margins, but we had to stay the course in Mexico. We have a very nice contract offshore, but its small relative to the market, and to get the size that we need in Mexico, we are moving into the ATG field. So, theres a mix issue geographically as well.  If you want to stay on the topic of Latin America, we were pretty much biased for just a couple of key product lines, and while the drilling fluids business doesnt have the margin contribution of, lets say directional drilling, wireline or completions, it is by far the largest spend by any of our competitors outside of probably pressured pumping. So, again from an economy of scale and scope perspective, we need to be in that business and lot of costs associated with getting that off the ground in Brazil.  And one other one I will pick on I guess from a mix standpoint is back to again following up on some of Chads comments, in the UK, we had a very strong quarter on the completions side in the second quarter. Sequentially, we knew it was going to be painful as that came off and we moved a little bit more towards production chemicals and couple of others which didnt contribute the same as the drilling activity. So, now, going forward, we got to get some of these startup costs behind us. We got to get the benefits of the additional revenue without the additional cost that would come from getting the fluids off the ground, and we fully expect it in the first half of 2010, back to the UK sector that a lot of the rigs that were shutting down and we took a hit on the drilling side, we will be back and again, that will drive product mix for the more attractive levels.
Joe Hill  Tudor, Pickering, Holt: Okay. Would you characterize the level of startup costs in Latin America surprising? I was certainly surprised how much they may have impacted the quarter?
Martin Craighead: The startup costs in Mexico, no, were not a surprise. In Brazil, a bit on the fluids contract, but I think that did catch us by a surprise was the ongoing strife in the southern cone and the compression of our business in Venezuela which is a pretty big Baker Hughes territory.
Joe Hill  Tudor, Pickering, Holt:
 :
Martin Craighead: Its been relatively good. We started with maybe a couple of bumps. We certainly had a different cold well, but we have TDed it, thats the one we got to 6,200 meters, we are in the completion process now. And in the second TD, we came in at 24 days ahead of our plan, which is very impressive for us and obviously delighted our customers there. I am quite happy with the operational performance. I am disappointed, Joe, with how long it takes to get all of these rigs up and running and in getting the work in a very compacted fashion so we can just keep running. Theres still some logistical humps down there as we work through issues with our customers, but in terms of actually turning to the right and getting the wells down, I am happy with the job that the folks are doing.
Joe Hill  Tudor, Pickering, Holt: Okay. Thats good color. Thanks Martin.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Kurt Hallead with RBC Capital Markets.
Kurt Hallead  RBC Capital Markets: Hi. Good morning.
Martin Craighead: Good morning Kurt.
Chad Deaton: Good morning Kurt.
Kurt Hallead  RBC Capital Markets: All right. So, just kind of put the  your reference that if you exclude Venezuela, Latin American revenue would have been flat sequentially. So, if you take a look at the margin front, if you include Venezuela, what impact was that on margins, and if you give us some color around the impact that startup costs, and the Brazil startup costs had on the quarter?
Martin Craighead: I dont have that. Kurt, I dont think I can answer that. I havent excluded the margins of Venezuela to see how the rest would have performed. I dont know.
Chad Deaton: Yes, Kurt, I think to go back to that, you know, I think it was Bill or Jim who asked the question, we saw a big swing in Brazil from Q2 to Q3 and we see it coming back in Q4. And again, there was cleanup things down there, some inventory cleanup and we see Brazil coming back. We are on 13 out of 25 better than our 50% market share or so. Brazil will bounce back. Venezuela was quiet [ph] revenue was down  revenue was down quite a bit purposely of 26%, and when that hits in your fixed costs and everything else, you are down inch in the quarter. Now, as Venezuela comes back, and we get some additional revenues, and that will help offset through the next quarter. We also have, which contributed in the third quarter. Martin talked about the Alma project. We did have one well where we did have trouble on a well and had to make a concession on that. Its wasnt huge but it did also contribute to the poor results in Latin America.
Kurt Hallead  RBC Capital Markets: Okay. And then my follow-up question relate to your reference to meeting capacity rationalization, I think the specific reference was in North America, but I would have to imagine that it will play well, and I was wondering if you can give us some specific color around product line in Q3, you need to capacity rationalization and how likely it is if that occur, say within a six or nine-month time frame?
Martin Craighead: Kurt, this is Martin. I dont know how practical this is going to happen. I can tell you that probably the product lines that need to, lets say consolidate or have some more capacity taken out particularly on the directional drilling side, theres a lot of capacity thats been added to the market over the last several years. That all said, I think there is going to be some natural selection going on, and obviously not all the players can participate in the difficult environment of the resource plays, but nevertheless, the whole lot of hit, if you will, thats moved into these four or five key basins, I think on the wireline side, there may be a bit more on the case full side. I think thats probably pretty much it. Thats really the directional drilling side where we still see some excess capacity.
Kurt Hallead  RBC: And just a last follow-up along those lines was, so pricing across  now, when you say pricing across all product lines in all regions, North America, globally pricing pressures have elevated sector?
Capital Markets: And just a last follow-up along those lines was, so pricing across  now, when you say pricing across all product lines in all regions, North America, globally pricing pressures have elevated sector?
Martin Craighead: In North America, its hard to say across all the product lines, but I think, like I said, in US land, its pretty much, we think the worst is over, its pretty stable. Canada of course coming into the season, its not going down, it will probably come up. I think the thing that no one really understands, I think it came out on some previous calls in the last couple of weeks is that internationally, modeling the effect of these contracts that we recently have been awarded and bidding on, there were certainly a flurry of intensity on pricing in the last six months in the eastern hemisphere particularly. You know, how do those actually work their way through, so I think the realization of those is something we still dont completely understand, but certainly no one is getting contracts at higher prices over the last six months. Now, in terms of the bidding thats going on right now, again, thats very product line oriented and by region. But I think I will just leave it with the point that we got to just see how these contracts work through our backlog.
Kurt Hallead  RBC: Okay, great. Thanks.
Capital Markets: Okay, great. Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mike Urban with Deutsche Bank.
Mike Urban  Deutsche Bank: So, you guys have obviously highlighted some of the challenges and the cost associated with moving to the geomarket organization, and Chad, you spoke to some of the, I think general success there. Are there any early successes specifically you can reference or some clearer sign what this is, you know, the right way to go and you are having some success and moving to structure.
Chad Deaton: Its Chad, Mike. I think we need to look at North America and look at whats taken place there over the last few months. Now granted their reorganization and the upheaval for North America obviously isnt anywhere as near as that was it is internationally. But we were able to react quickly in North America, get the cost out of the system in a very bad market, and if you look at our North American results, they are very strong. Margins are as high as anybody, if not higher. I think thats encouraging when we can see what we need to now do is, as we go into the next phase, you know, finishing this transition internationally.  And the international transition for the last few months has been major, and we would move some 350 people, mostly senior management and their staff around the world, passed off the product line managing of the business to the geomarket managing of the business, make sure that we had duplication in terms of the areas of finance etcetera, got to really focus. I dont think theres any doubt about that, as people went out and look to getting their organizations in placed, established and looking at the people and thats a change in how we call the shots out there. So, we are seeing some encouraging signs, as I said.  We had a lot of conversation with our clients around the world, from MLCs, the IOCs, I think very much like having a one Baker Hughes base. They feel that we are much more responsive in getting things done. We recently won a nice contract in Azerbaijan, which we really didnt have much of a presence there, but we ended up winning a bundled package type thing, a $300 million package and we are able to get the things submitted in place quickly. So, I think over this next quarter or two, as we fine-tune the international side, I expect that we start seeing things humming a little bit better along the lines of the way North America got through some of its last couple of quarter issues and earned in a fairly decent quarter considering how bad the market is.  So, yes, we are encouraged by what we are seeing in the geomarket structure. The product line themselves are being refocused to develop technology and answer products and the geomarkets are focusing now on making sure we execute on the clients as well. We like the way the direction has gone, but we are not happy with the results, but we like the direction and we believe that its going to pay off for us.
Mike Urban  Deutsche Bank: And as you look around the world outside of North America, are there parts of the world regions businesses where you would expect to see this traction sooner and places where it might take a little longer because of customer mix or contracts or whatever. How should we expect to see this fairly randomly over the next several quarters?
Chad Deaton: It all depends on what activity it does, Mike. I mean, if activity stays flat internationally or domestically, theres a lot of excess capacity in both places and especially North America. So, it will stay within a bidding world and you have to sharpen your pencil. Thats one reason why we are making the moves on the supply chain, the financed outsourcing, the new market structures all of those things, we can get our overall support costs now. I think where you are going to see some success of this would be in the places like the Caspian where in areas where the national oil companies are looking for more bundled type services, one answer type product. I think West Africa is an area that we could see some success in that area.  You will see it a little bit less in places like the UK and Norway where business is established and the client in some cases will altogether unbundle it, and we want to pick and choose individual service client. So, its more from the national oil companies is I think where we will start seeing something. Iraq once it does, finally return. I think there we can walk in with a whole group of services, and a single managed area going to be able to move faster and be able to pick up a project. We need to throw in one more point on this, and this is this acquisition of BJ and why we get this done and take on the BJ side, why its important. If you look at our TAM, our total available market that we operate in around the world with Baker Hughes type services is about, in 2009, its about $43 billion.  If you look at what our three major competitors, Schlumberger, Halliburton, and Weatherford play in, that TAM or that market is about give or take $65 billion. So, with the BJ acquisition, the things that they are in on pumping and on some of the (inaudible) that puts us at about $63 billion or $64 billion total TAM. And thats needed on these international markets, especially with this bundling and the integrated approach. You need to play in that bigger market, so you can get better pull-through for the different service lines you are offering.
Mike Urban  Deutsche Bank: Thats very helpful. Great, thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Brad Handler with Credit Suisse.
Brad Handler  Credit Suisse: Hi. Good morning.
Martin Craighead: Hi Brad.
Chad Deaton: Hi.
Brad Handler  Credit Suisse:
 :
Chad Deaton: You know, I think we are still trying to get our handle on this delta that we had in international, because a lot of our contracts are long term, a significant size of that. So, in a period of a quarter, just doing the rework, we didnt lose any of that business. We were removed from rate or anything else. Where we must have lost some business is just short call out, being in the clients office, which is typically North American, UK type phenomenon. Its not what you find internationally. Most of our contracts are long term. I think what we say is we just think that we got this thing organization in place, get it done, this transmission on the finance, factors all of these things out of the way and get our guys focused on the customer and in that customers office pick up these one-off caller type businesses. I think thats what we are looking at.
Brad Handler  Credit Suisse: Okay. Very interesting. And an unrelated follow-up, please, you made a couple of comments related to inventory I guess in Europe, somewhere in the Europe, Africa region as well as in Brazil. I guess I am not quite sure I understand that, so maybe a little bit more color, please on it? And then secondly, kind of what gives you the confidence if that doesnt recur next quarter or this quarter or something?
Chad Deaton: I think we have to be realistic is think back in the days when we were District Managers or Division Managers or whatever and got assigned to a new operation somewhere, and knowing that come January 2010, January of next year, you have got full responsibility, accountability etcetera, and thats a lot of what we have done. We have moved from the product lines mostly based in Houston to 23 geomarkets sitting around the world in charge. Obviously, they are probably going through and looking at things and saying, okay, we need to clean this up and get it ready and everything else. So, we did have some additional obsolescence inventory in various product lines and everything else that we felt like need to get cleaned up, they felt like getting cleaned up. And I think thats one reason why we saw a little extra in Q3, as people were getting their house in order. I dont know, Peter, do you want to comment on?
Peter Ragauss: As Martin mentioned in Europe, we did have probably a couple of pennies of inventory obsolescence because our turn rates are down obviously compared to where they were given you know our year-over-year revenues declined across the board and some of thats particularly in Europe. And in the case of Brazil, we had a  I think we had an order reversed by a client down there on inventory, that was reverted by the penny in Brazil. So, that was specific to the client. One was more general to our overall inventory levels, but the one in Brazil was specific to our client.
Brad Handler  Credit Suisse: Guess I will follow-on to this, you are not doing this, and maybe thats a good thing that you are not trying to do this, but through the course of the call, I knew you started $0.26 clean, you have added as much as $0.05 for stuff that is going the way relative to the reorganization and severance and redundancy, you have just added $0.03 based on inventory. So, if you felt like it, would you say that a clean quarter is more or like $0.34? I know you are not trying to do that, but ?
Chad Deaton: We are not  we dont want to sit there and try to add everything back in. You know, its not a good quarter, there was a lot of moving parts, probably would be some in Q4, but like I said, we like the direction we are going on this thing to stand with it.
Brad Handler  Credit Suisse: Fair enough. So, they are probably right. I understand there is some ongoing into Q4 including maybe some of this inventory, maybe some more sort of inventory adjustment if you will just based on this new charges responsibilities?
Chad Deaton: Yes.
Brad Handler  Credit Suisse: Okay, thats helpful. Thank you.
Chad Deaton: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Dan Boyd with Goldman Sachs.
Dan Boyd  Goldman Sachs: Hi, thanks. I just wanted to follow up on the Russian market. It sounds like your peers grew faster, but I think you attributed most of that to the product mix or frac picking up in the quarter. Would you say that your market share helped steady in other product lines or is that not the case and what is your outlook over the next 12 months for Baker Hughes in Russia?
Chad Deaton: I would say we held steady in the other product lines. We did see a drop-off in ESPs because we had a very good Q2 on ESP sales in Russia, that did not repeat again, these are sale products, didnt repeat in Q3. So, that was a little bit of a swing there. Other product lines are okay, moving up fine. We are actually fairly bullish about Russia for 2010. Eastern Siberia with the tax changes tend to be picking up. We have done quite well there in several different product lines as we move forward. So, we think Russia will be a much better story in 2010 and it has been for us in the last second half of 2009. And the reward in Azerbaijan is a big one for us, because thats a key area of us and we have won a couple of other smaller one, $50 million or $60 million projects in Kazakhstan, which will be kicked off in 2010 as well.
Dan Boyd  Goldman Sachs: Okay. And then just following up on one of your initial comments in your prepared remarks that you expect to see the benefits of the reorganization internationally in the second half of next year. So, as you progress through the transition, you are not learning anything that would delay your expectation. I am assuming that means you will be capturing market share in the back half of 2010 and you continue to expect that?
Chad Deaton: Yes. I still  we talked about in Celle, and we all believe that still is very likely to happen, especially when we get the BJ acquisition done and settled, we got to roll that in, but we think by the second half of the year, we should have a bigger, stronger geographical footprint and a much broader product line portfolio, and we will have an organization that connect as one in each of these geomarkets. So, yes, we are still on plan for that.
Dan Boyd  Goldman Sachs: Great. And just bridging the gap between now and then over the next couple of quarters, I assume we will fully progress towards that where maybe by the first or second quarter of next year, you will be growing in line with the market, is that how we should think about it?
Chad Deaton: Yes.
Dan Boyd  Goldman Sachs: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Rob Mackenzie with FBR Capital Markets.
Rob Mackenzie  FBR Capital Markets: Hi guys. Just one quick further question here, Chad, can you give us a feel for where your technical sales effort stand in terms of integrating with the geomarket structure, in terms of being at the product line and/or reporting to the geomarket managers versus their former product line supervisors?
Chad Deaton: The geomarkets are structured so that down at the execution phase of the geomarket, not much changes for the individual thats in place, similar to Angola, where achievers are Intec or whatever. Now, in that Angola geomarket, there will be technical links representatives back to the product line, Vice Presidents for any type technical issues, problems, new technology coming out, introduction of new technology, standardization of equipment, reliability etcetera. So, with Intec product line in Houston or Celle, comes out with a new TecTrac [ph] tool, that will be broadcast out through the product lines, down through these technical representatives and you feature these rigs in the geomarkets, we will then make sure that thats implemented in Angola on a standard global format basis. I dont know if that answers your question.
Rob Mackenzie  FBR Capital Markets: Let me rephrase a bit. If you look at the field level of sales folks, are they in sense selling one product or multiple product lines?
Chad Deaton: Okay. You would have both. You are going to have sales people there that are broad, account managers that are across the client in particular areas, Angola or Senegal, there will be people there that can get in, and again it depends on the level of who you are calling in the client. The higher the level of the client, the more they just want to know what Baker Hughes can do for them in a total package in Angola, and as you go down through the clients, just like anybody else they have their specialists, and we will have sales specialists or technical specialists in Hughes Christensen, or Intec or fluids or whatever it may be in Angola that can correspond and correlate with that particular client.
Rob Mackenzie  FBR Capital Markets: Okay. Thats helpful, because I remember one of the things that seem to have happened early on in some companies transition to geomarkets was losing some touch when they do all the product line in trying to sell things that you didnt necessarily know how to sell. So, it sounds like kind of at the field level sales, Intec selling Intec and so on and so forth?
Chad Deaton: Yes, we are not trying to make generals out of everybody. You are going to some generals and you are going to have specialists that can answer the questions and follow-up and make sure that each product line executes on what it needs to do.
Rob Mackenzie  FBR Capital Markets: Great. Thats all I had. Thank you.
Chad Deaton: You bet.
Martin Craighead: Great. Thanks Rob. Celeste, at this point, could we take one final question, please?
Operator: Okay. Your final question comes from the line of Stephen Gengaro with Jefferies & Company.
Stephen Gengaro  Jefferies & Company: Thanks. Good morning gentlemen.
Martin Craighead: Good morning Stephen.
Stephen Gengaro  Jefferies & Company: As we look out to next year and maybe even beyond, once you have this reorganization complete, and I know BJ has an impact, but if you were to take that out of your thought process, do you think incremental margins look healthier than you have seen in prior upturns or do you think its more of a revenue issue?
Chad Deaton: I dont know if  I cant go back and say healthier than prior upturns, I can say that we will see obviously incremental margin improvement and if you look at North America, the incremental was out of sight from Q2 to Q3. Its not going to happen yet internationally, but we will see them come on. It just comes down to activity and how fast it goes up, what happens to capacity during that time frame.
Stephen Gengaro  Jefferies & Company: Okay. But you are not  you dont think that the geographic structure helps the margin per se, its more of the revenue popular?
Chad Deaton: I think it will help both. I think its going to help the revenue, but I also think when we get this all done, it should help the bottom line just through lower overall costs, you know, support costs and things like that. I think that will help the margin side as well. And I think the big one with all of this in the transition its going to help is the supply chain. We are doing on the international supply chain front, and that one takes some time and thats why we are saying we are not going to see the first improvement, the first benefits of that till the second half of 2010. For those of people in Celle, they saw us give a very good presentation on some of the long-term strategy on supply chain and we will see that benefit second half and then in 2011.
Stephen Gengaro  Jefferies & Company:
 :
Chad Deaton: Well, lets see the word is right now until we get it in place and (inaudible).
Stephen Gengaro  Jefferies & Company: Great. Thank you.
Chad Deaton: All right.
Gary Flaharty: All right. Thanks Stephen. I want to thank Chad, Martin, and Peter, I thank everyone as well as all of our participants this morning for your time and for your very thoughtful questions. Following the conclusion of todays call, both Jean and I will be available to answer any additional questions you may have. So, once again, thank you for your participation. Celeste?
Operator: Thank you ladies and gentlemen for participating in todays Baker Hughes Incorporated conference call. This call will be available for replay beginning at 10:30 AM Eastern, 9:30 AM Central and will be available through 10 o'clock PM Eastern Time on Wednesday, November 18th, 2009. The conference ID number for the replay is 33298674. Again the conference ID number for the replay is 33298674. The number to dial for the replay is 800-642-1687 in the US or 706-645-9291 international. Thats 800-642-1687 in the US or 706-645-9291 international. You may now disconnect.

===== 2009 Q2  (2009-08-05 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Gary Flaharty - Director of Investor Relations Peter Ragauss - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Martin Craighead - Senior Vice President and Chief Operating Officer Chad Deaton - Chief Executive Officer and Chairman
Analysts: Jim Crandell  Barclays  Dan Pickering - Tudor, Pickering, Holt Geoff Kieburtz  Weeden Waqar Syed  Tristone Capital Dan Boyd - Goldman Sachs Marshall Adkins  Raymond James Robin Shoemaker  Citigroup Brad Handler  Credit Suisse Rob MacKenzie  FBR Capital Markets
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Welcome everyone to the Baker Hughes Second Quarter Earnings Conference Call. I would now like to turn the call over to Gary Flaharty, Director of Investor Relations.
Gary Flaharty: Welcome to the Baker Hughes second quarter 2009 earnings conference call. With me here this morning are Peter Ragauss, Baker Hughes Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Martin Craighead, Senior Vice President and Chief Operating Officer, and Chad Deaton, Baker Hughes Chief Executive Officer and Chairman. Following managements comments well open the lines for your questions. Reconciliation of operating profits and non-GAAP measures to GAAP results for historic periods can be found on our website at www.BakerHughes.com in the investor relations section under financial information.  Finally, I caution you that any company outlooks discussed this morning are subject to various risk factors. Well try to highlight these risk factors as we make these forward looking statements. However, the format of the call does prevent a more thorough discussion of the risk factors. For a full discussion please refer to our annual report 10-K, 10-Q, and in particular the forward looking disclosure in this mornings news release.  With that, Ill conclude our discussion of the administrative details and turn the call over to Peter Ragauss.
Peter Ragauss: This morning we reported net income on a US GAAP basis of $87 million or $0.28 per share. This compares to $1.23 per share a year ago and $0.63 per share for the first quarter 2009. Q2 revenue was $2.34 billion down 22% or $662 million compared to the second quarter of 2008 and down 12% or $332 million from last quarter. North American revenue was $794 million in the second quarter down 38% year over year and down 27% sequentially. Revenue outside of North America was $1.5 billion in the second quarter down 10% year on year and down 3% sequentially. Oil field operating margin for the second quarter was 10% down from 23% in the year ago quarter and down from 14% in Q1. Severance and reorganization costs in the second quarter were $16 million and we increased our allowance for doubtful account by $38 million in the quarter for a total of $54 million or $0.13 per share. Excluding the impact for these charges our second quarter oil field operating margin would have been around 13%. Turning to the performance of our two segments, Drilling and Evaluation revenue was $1.1 billion in Q2 down 27% year over year and down 14% sequentially. The Drilling and Evaluation segments operating margin was 7% in Q2 down from 24% in the year ago quarter and down from 12% in Q1. Adjusting for severance and reorganization costs and the increase in allowance for doubtful accounts, the operating margin would have been around 9%. Revenue for our Completion and Production segment was $1.2 billion down 17% from the year ago quarter and down 11% sequentially. C&P operating margin in Q2 was 14% down from 22% in the second quarter 2008 and down from 17% in Q1. Again, adjusting for severance and reorganization costs and the increase in allowance for doubtful accounts, the operating margin would have been 16%. To help you evaluate our earnings per share in the second quarter Ill review the significant items that bridge the sequential and year ago quarters to second quarter EPS of $0.28. Sequentially in Q1 2009 our US GAAP net income per share was $0.63. From the $0.63 add $0.03 for the impact of a lower tax rate compared to Q1, subtract $0.06 as a result of higher corporate expense, subtract $0.29 for decreased profits in North America, and subtract $0.03 for decreased profits outside of North America. This gets us to the $0.28 we were reporting for the second quarter. Now bridging from the year ago quarter. From the US GAAP net income per share of $1.23 we reported in the second quarter 2008 add $0.13 for the settlement of litigation in Q2 08, add $0.06 for the impact of a more favorable tax rate this quarter relative to the year ago quarter, subtract $0.04 for higher interest expense, subtract $0.06 as the result of higher corporate expense, subtract $0.75 for decreased profits in North America, and subtract $0.29 for decreased profits outside of North America. This gets us to the $0.28 we are reporting for the second quarter. Turning to the balance sheet, at quarter end our total debt was $1.8 billion and our long term debt to cap ratio was 20%. Our net debt was $466 million. We have no maturities of long term debt until November 2013. We currently have $1 billion in un-drawn committed credit facilities, comprised of a $500 million facility which is accessible through 2012 and a $500 million 364 day facility which is accessible through March 2010. At quarter end we had cash and short term investments of $1.4 billion. This totals $2.4 billion in available liquidity. Sequentially we released $300 million in working capital driven by reductions in receivables and inventory. Moving on to guidance, 2009 capital expenditures are expected to be $1.1 billion and our CapEx budget reflects our ongoing investment in infrastructure, particularly in international markets as well as capital for new rental tools. Our tax rate for the second half of 2009 is still expected to be between 31% and 32%. Finally, we still anticipate being highly cash flow positive in 2009. Now Ill turn the call over to Martin, who will highlight our geographic results.
Martin Craighead: Im going to begin with North America which continues to be the most challenging region. The US land rig count was down 30% sequentially, exceeding the 27% sequential drop from Q4 2008. The US offshore rig count weakened in the second quarter 2009 and was the lowest since the second quarter 1992. In this challenging market, US revenues were down 39% year on year compared to a rig count that was down 50% and down 26% sequentially compared to a rig count that was down 30%. It was a similar story in Canada where revenue was down 24% year on year compared to a 46% decrease in the rig activity. The spring break up was especially difficult in Canada with the Q2 rig count also the lowest since the spring of 1992. Revenue decreased 34% sequentially compared to a 73% decline in rig count.  Operating profit was only slightly positive in the second quarter of 2009 for North America. In comparison, our operating profit margin was 26% in the second quarter of 08 and 12% in the prior quarter. Adjusting for severance and reorganization costs and the increase in allowance for doubtful accounts the operating margin for North America was 2% in the second quarter. With activity cut in half there is ample capacity in the market and customers have taken advantage of the situation to push prices lower. In response to the lower activity and incremental pricing pressure we took additional steps in the quarter to reduce our operating costs to improve the profitability of our North American operations going forward. We made incremental reductions of our workforce and implemented other programs to reduce our labor costs. As we previously disclosed, the severance we took in the first quarter was expected to benefit us in the third and fourth quarters at an annual run rate of $175 million. The incremental severance of $7 million we took this quarter will reduce costs in the fourth quarter onward. We closed or consolidated 30 field facilities in the quarter, primarily in the convention gas bases. Looking forward, we believe we are or near the bottom on the US land gas rig count. We could see some incremental weakness should we reach full storage before November 1st, however, I believe that excluding short term market disruption the largest declines are behind us. We are currently seeing and expect some incremental strength in the US land oil rig count, Canada will strengthen seasonally but our customers in Canada continue to be impacted by challenges similar to those facing US operators.  We expect the offshore count on the shelf to improve in the latter half of 2009 as we exit the hurricane season. Four additional deep water rigs are expected to enter service by years end and as such our outlook for the deep water Gulf of Mexico remains positive. Turning to the Latin America region, the year over year revenue growth in the region was led by near doubling of revenue from our Mexico/Central America geomarkets, led by incremental revenues from the integrated operations we are performing for PEMEX on the Alma Marine project. We are now operating on four offshore rigs and we expect to add one additional rig per quarter until we reach the contracts targeted objective of seven. Also contributing to the year over year revenue growth was directional drilling and completions for customers in the Andean geomarket which includes Columbia, Ecuador and Peru, and directional drilling in fluids in the Brazil geomarket where we continue to benefit from contracts awarded over the past year. Revenue declined sequentially as increases in the Mexico/Central America geomarket were offset by lower activity in revenue in the Venezuela and Southern Cone geomarkets. The operating profit margin in Latin America for the second quarter was 12% down from 16% in Q2 2008 and up from 9% in the prior quarter. Adjusting for severance and reorganization costs and the increase in allowance for doubtful accounts the operating margin was 21% in the second quarter. We were awarded a number of noteworthy contracts in the quarter. An IOC awarded Baker Hughes a five year contract for ESPs in Columbia. The contract is expected to be worth more than $100 million. In Mexico, we are pleased to be providing direction drilling, wireline drill bits and drilling fluids on 288 wells for two of the local Mexican project management companies involved in the ATG projects.  Additionally, we will be providing wireline and drill bits for another local contractor who was recently awarded 144 wells. These projects provide Baker Hughes with a solid position in the Mexico land market providing products and services in over 430 wells. Looking forward, Im excited about our prospects in Latin America. We continue to focus on leveraging our success with Petrobras into incremental work with IOCs operating in Brazil. We are increasing our scale and scope of services in Mexico, consistent with our original strategy of providing highly value adding project management and technical consulting services for the challenging marine projects. And being a supplier of choice for the multitude of efficient and highly competitive local project management firms. Now turning to the Middle East/Asia/Pacific region, revenues decreased from year ago levels as higher activity in the Southeast Asia and Gulf geomarkets was offset by lower revenue in the Saudi Arabia/Bahrain, North Asia and Indonesia geomarkets. Sequentially reduced activity in the Indonesia, Egypt and India geomarkets was offset by increases in wireline and completions revenue in the Southeast Asia geomarket, directional drilling in the gulf geomarket and increased completions revenue in the Austral/Asia market. The activity decrease in the Indonesia geomarket in quarter two 2009 reflected the successful completion of our work on the first phase of PTEs giant tangu project. The operating profit margin was 14% in the second quarter compared to 20% in the year ago quarter and 14% in Q1 2009. Adjusting for severance and reorganization costs and the increase in allowance for doubtful accounts the operating margin was 15% in quarter two. We are continuing to invest throughout the region with major facilities scheduled to open in the second half of 09 and early 10. We were awarded over $400 million in new or extended contracts in the quarter and we expect to win additional work in the second half of 09 that will drive revenue increases in 2010. Turning to Europe, Africa, Russia, and the Caspian, revenue declined 18% year over year in the region. The largest decline was in the Russia and Caspian geomarkets and reflects the overall decline in spending in the region where the recession and lower energy prices resulted in customer drilling budget cuts of approximately 30%. Revenue declined in the Norway geomarket as activity on three platforms was suspended during the quarter. The revenue decline in the sub-Saharan, Nigeria and North Africa geomarkets reflects completion of major customer projects and the delayed start of new projects leading to a reduction and total customer spending in the quarter. Sequentially, revenue was down 4% as revenue increases in the UK, North Africa and Russia geomarkets were offset by reduced spending in the Norway, Nigeria, Libya and Caspian geomarkets. Our operating profit for the Europe/Africa/Russia and Caspian region was 17% in the second quarter, down from 24% in the year ago quarter and down from 19% in the prior quarter. Adjusting for severance and reorganization costs and the increase in allowance for doubtful accounts, the operating margin was 19% in Q2. Similar to our Middle East/Asia/Pacific region, in the next nine months we will open new or expanded facilities throughout the entire region. These include a new base, expanded facilities and a blend plant in Angola as well as expanded facilities in Algeria, Libya, Ghana and Nigeria. We were awarded over $1 billion in new work or renewals of existing contracts in quarter two 09 including key contracts in Norway, Central Europe, deep water projects off West Africa and projects throughout Russia and in Azerbaijan. Now Ill turn the call over to Chad.
Chad Deaton: On our last call we forecast that the North America rig count would average about 950 rigs during Q2 and the actual number was 934. Our current view of the future remains much like we called it in the April conference call. First, we feel that the ongoing success in the Hainesville and Marcellus shale highlights how the recent technology advancements in horizontal drilling and completions are leading to a future with fewer rigs which are able to access the formation more efficiently. Second, the economic activity and industrial demand remained weak. Theres still ample gas supply to keep North America drilling activity contained for the near term. While the LNG overhand is still there, the impact to date has been less then we actually anticipated it would be back in April. The slower pace of capacity additions and new re-gasification capacity is helping the North America market avoid a more serious disruption. At the time we predicted that the rig count would bottom at the end of Q2 or early Q3 for US land we saw it bottom, or at least we hope it bottomed in early June. It has slowly improved since. Canada obviously reached bottom during the Q2 breakup and will improve in Q3 and Q4 that at levels much less then what weve seen in previous years. Forecasting future rig activity is clearly difficult in todays environment but our latest projection show an average 2009 rig count of 1,026 compared to an average of 1,879 rigs in 2008, thats a 45% drop in average rig count from 08 to full year 09. Stepping out on a limb a little bit looking out, still a ways away but our early forecast for 2010 is for an increase of about 9% to 1,120 plus or minus. Were believing that things are improving albeit very slowly. Turning internationally the decline in activity has been less severe and isolated some specific geographical areas. I think by now youve probably heard from others just what areas are up or down but Ill highlight a couple of areas that are material for Baker Hughes. We clearly are extremely pleased with our progress in Brazil. Petrobras has significantly increased activity and our future there looks very encouraging.  Were very happy with our market position in the country with our directional drilling LWD and fluids project line and as a result of our long term commitment in Brazil we are building a technology center that represent a joint investment for both Baker Hughes and Petrobras. The technology center is also going to include the involvement of two top universities that are in the area. In Mexico the recent party awards that Martin referred to along with the ongoing Alma project now provides us with a significant presence in the country. Our ongoing investments in Africa infrastructure and people are beginning to pay some significant dividends. Although not fully completed, the new facilities in Angola, Nigeria, Libya and Algeria have assured our customers of our commitment and resulted in our increased participation in current and future tender awards. One last comment Id like to make on the international market. While international activity appears to be stabilizing in many areas and increasing modestly in some, the price concessions negotiated in the first half of 09 will have an impact on our profitability in the second half of the year.  In last Aprils call I also made reference to some organizational change we were making in the company and I specifically talked to the areas of supply chain, information technology, and reliability. At that time I also mentioned that were moving forward with our geographical organization which will enhance our ability to quickly and efficiently respond to our customers, thus delivering technology solutions in value for multiple product lines. On May 4th we officially announced our new geographical organization. The new organization is significantly shifts the way we manage our business. Prior to May 4th 100% of our senior line management that were responsible for the P&L and the day to day decision making resided in the United States. Post May 4th, 75% now reside in the key geographical regions around the world therefore closer to our customers.  This change is the result of months of planning, will greatly enhance our ability to be closer to our clients. The actual timing of this reorganization was dependent on several key events. One of the most important is that over the last three to four years weve made some real progress in the recruiting and the development of a multi-cultural workforce at all levels of the company. As Ive said, weve greatly enhanced our functional as well as our operational employee base. As mentioned earlier weve not strengthened the support functions such as the supply chain, IT functional heads, and clearly improved in the area of the executive management team, we did this in preparation for this change. Last, the reorganization of this magnitude in early stages of the deferred prosecution agreement was just not practical.  The benefits of a reorganization of this magnitude are clearly numerous; however, the challenges are not insignificant. There will be a period of a couple quarters where we have some overlapping areas of responsibility and assignment. There are costs associated with relocation of several hundred people and we estimate that the reorganization costs in 2009 to be approximately $30 million or somewhere around $0.07 per share with the bulk of that cost hitting us in Q3. We are three months into the new organization and during this last quarter I spent the time and I visited six of the nine geographic regions. I spent time with our people on the ground in the Middle East, Europe, our Africa office, Russia, Latin America, and obviously here in the US. I also took the time and visited and discussed this new organization with the senior executive management of our key clients in all of these regional areas. I have to say that the response both internally and externally has been extremely positive. Our people are clearly excited about this new organization. I have to say, were excited about they way theyre already moving forward to engage our customers in providing new and innovative solutions to their problems. Obviously we have to execute on this and Im very encouraged by our progress to date over these last three months to get this new organization in place. In summary, the new organization structure positions us closer to the customer and allows us to respond more promptly to their needs. It increases the speed of decision making and improves our ability to allocate resources effectively and it supports the multiple methods of delivering our products to customers from individual, discrete products or services all the way through to integrated operations. In countries where we have previously implemented this organizational structure, such as in Nigeria, Saudi Arabia, Brazil, and Russia, weve had success in building market share and improving profitability. Now that weve implemented this organization for all geographies Im confident that this new organization will deliver on its promise to grow share and to grow it profitably. Gary Ill turn it back to you for questions.
Gary Flaharty: At this point Ill ask the operator to open the lines for your questions. To give everyone a fair chance to ask a question we do ask that you limit yourself to a single question and a related follow up question. Could we have the first question please?
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from Jim Crandell  Barclays 
Jim Crandell  Barclays : Overall do you believe youve seen the bottom on a quarterly basis in international revenue? Secondly, what is the general magnitude of weakness you might expect in international profit margins in coming quarters?
Chad Deaton: We dont think weve seen the bottom yet on international revenue. Were hoping that occurs in Q3 maybe into Q4. Were expecting that international margins backing out anything for doubtful accounts etc. were probably looking at somewhere in the 350 basis points ongoing deterioration.
Jim Crandell  Barclays : That would be true in probably all geomarkets or all major regions?
Chad Deaton: Yes, I think weve got a little bit more opportunity in the Latin America market due to obviously Brazil and Mexico now were pretty well established on these Alma projects. We do have some startup costs that are taking place as we move on to these land projects that Martin referred to on these 450 wells. For the most part I think the other two regions will take the brunt of some of the margin deterioration.
Jim Crandell  Barclays : Youve had some nice product line wins that you talked about on your call. To what extent over the last three months have you also won contracts on bundled services or IPM basis and is there any sort of change in your willingness or aggressiveness in trying to beat that part of your business?
Chad Deaton: I think we had as many wins this quarter as we talked about last quarter. Weve had this discussion before whether where do you switch over from bundled services to IPM. Again IPM to me is where you manage the entire project from picking locations to cleaning locations to managing the rig, the whole works. Again, we find that in certain places of the world, clearly Mexico, a little bit in a couple other countries in Latin America, to some degree Russia, Algeria. What were seeing is a lot more bundling of our services where were winning three, four, five product lines not necessarily managed locations. This latest three wins that Martin talked about in Latin America clearly were acting as a sub-contractor to three independent so-called IPM Mexican companies. We dont take the risk but we get to do what we do very well and thats provide our services and technology to them. If we could do more of that, thats a preferred model for us.
Jim Crandell  Barclays : Could you comment on what happened in Mexico on the first Burgos contract, I understand at least your partner was low bidder and that you were bypassed there. Also, Im sure you are happy being a big component supplier to the independent companies that contempact but werent you low bidder on ATG5 and why do you think that you were bypassed there.
Chad Deaton: Are you talking about Burgos or ATG because you started off
Jim Crandell  Barclays : I started with Burgos and my impression was your partner there who would do the rig and civil engineering work was low bidder on that but was bypassed. The second question was ATG5 my recollection was you were also low bidder on that one as well.
Chad Deaton: Burgos we didnt go after Burgos. When we looked at Burgos its about a $550 million project. Our services for that project would have been about $55 million so the other $400 million and whatever else would have been third party services from bulldozers to who knows what. We just didnt think that looked that attractive.  We did go after ATG5, we were low bidder. Through the process we ended up getting disqualified from that for technical reasons. Then after it was re-awarded they went ahead and awarded four projects of about 180 plus or minus wells a piece to these four Mexican contractors. Those are the three of the four that they contacted us and said would you provide services on those. Youre right; were pretty pleased with that. It allows us to continue to build out on land and again not necessarily take all the risk on drilling rigs etc.
Jim Crandell  Barclays : Is there an easy explanation on why you could be disqualified for technical reasons and then they give it to local competitors?
Chad Deaton: No, I dont know the answer to that.
Operator: Your next question comes from Dan Pickering - Tudor, Pickering, Holt
Dan Pickering - Tudor, Pickering, Holt: As we look at the North American business, revenues there stronger then we thought, profits weaker. Help us with from this 2% margin level whats the Canada bounce back, whats the reasonable expectation for those margins in Q3, Q4?
Chad Deaton: If you look first at Q2 D&E suffered terribly like everybodys D&E. C&P held up better although on the completion side thats kind of a mix between the drilling side as well as completion. If you look going forward on Q2, we said in the press release, that we felt that Q2 would be the bottom for us in North America profitability. Were not saying that Q3 is going to turn around and be tremendously bright by any means.  We see that with Canada coming back a little bit, I think it got down as low as an average of 80 rigs in the quarter and were seeing somewhere around 200 plus or minus in Q3. Thats obviously going to help. We have our cost structure in Canada in pretty decent shape because Canada has been down a while so weve been able to take costs out this and there.  We should see the benefit in North America beginning in US Q3 from the severance that we took in Q1 and Q2 so that should benefit on land and offshore during the quarter so thats why were saying we think well see a little bounce back possible and we also feel now that for the most part the pricing has been worked through were not seeing pricing pressure, a lot of pricing pressure right now its terrible but its there and we can now adjust to it.
Dan Pickering - Tudor, Pickering, Holt: Q3 wont be bright but were coming off of a pretty rough Q2. Im groping for some magnitude here just because Q2 was a surprise. Does better mean 200 or 300 basis points better or 500 or 600 basis points better or you just dont want to say because there are too many moving parts.
Chad Deaton: Id prefer not to say. Theres still a lot of moving parts. Were drawing a line in the sand and saying Q2 is the bottom thats what were telling our people, so well improve on it.
Dan Pickering - Tudor, Pickering, Holt: Corporate expenses could you talk about that increase was this geomarket expense or what should we expect from those corporate expenses as we move through the back part of the year?
Peter Ragauss: We did have some one time benefits in Q1 that arent going to repeat so thats part of the delta. One of the things that Chad mentioned last conference call was that next year we expect shared services savings, the number quoted was $50 million and a lot of thats the finance group, some of its other corporate functions. That is taking some investment and thats actually ramping up. It ramped up in Q2 and its ramping up in Q3 and Q4.  Were installing our enterprise wide accounting system in places in basically every country and thats taking some time but once were done with that, thats actually going to take, its not going to be finished in 2009 but it will continue. Thats a big part of the charges going on. We expect to see some savings coming through in 2010. The other is some of these reorg costs Chad mentioned theyre going to be increasing in Q3. The bulk of them are going to be in Q3 and a chunk of those will probably come through the corporate line.
Dan Pickering - Tudor, Pickering, Holt: So the $86 million number is going to hold and maybe go up a little bit in Q3 and Q4?
Peter Ragauss: I hope its a little bit less but I would say closer to the Q2 run rate then the Q1 for sure.
Operator: Your next question comes from Geoff Kieburtz  Weeden
Geoff Kieburtz  Weeden: On the international margins, over what kind of time period do you think that this 350 basis point margin erosion is likely to play out?
Chad Deaton: I think the next two to three quarters.
Geoff Kieburtz  Weeden: You see the bottom some time in the first half of 2010?
Chad Deaton: Yes.
Geoff Kieburtz  Weeden: Is that dependent on oil prices being strong enough to stimulate increased international spending next year?
Chad Deaton: Yes, I think if we exit this year, oil prices hold in there this $70 range, I think the customers are getting comfortable with that, there will be some increase in activity going forward. There might be some projects that are dropped. If we see oil price fall back in the $50s or low $60s then I think were just going to have a longer ride through 2010. If we can be in the $70 range there seems to be a little more optimism out there with our clients to move forward with their projects.
Geoff Kieburtz  Weeden: I dont want to be belligerent but when we hear you talking about the reorganization it does appear on the surface that Baker Hughes is doing some things that many of your competitors have already put in place in some cases a number of years ago. If there are such substantial benefits to this change and reorganization are you not in a position of having to catch up and if you are, how do you that? How do you catch up having for various reasons not been able to implement this reorganization earlier?
Chad Deaton: We have been building towards this for quite some time. We didnt have an epiphany on April 1st and said lets reorganize. We moved towards it about three years ago, two and a half years ago when we first created the super regions. Weve been staffing those, we moved towards it in Russia, Saudi and Brazil. Weve pretty much been running along that line for the last couple of years. It was clearly not possible to do a couple years ago, two and a half years ago when we first entered in the DPA to go ahead and move several hundred people all around the world. About the time we just entered into that would have been chaos, probably suicide. Then I think the other one is weve been aggressively bringing people and developing people with all cultures of the company.  When you look at it today whereas three years ago out of the top 20 executives in the company they were all American or British. Today nine out of our top 20 are multi-cultural so therefore weve got Latinos running Latin America, Middle Easterners running Middle East, Russian running Russia. We wanted to pull the trigger on this when we thought we were ready to pull it. I dont think we have a long catch up period to go because most of its in place.  Weve been building out facilities in key areas which we didnt have so now its just a matter of shifting these people with the shock collars out of here and putting them in these. Ill tell you the response that I receive from our clients at high levels for big NOCs as well as the IOCs theyre ready for it and theyre excited about it. I think we could see some good things happen over the next year.
Operator: Your next question comes from Waqar Syed  Tristone Capital
Waqar Syed  Tristone Capital: As you look at your prior portfolio any missing pieces there and do you think this is time now for consolidation and do you see any opportunities in the marketplace?
Chad Deaton: We get that question every call. Yes, were constantly looking for any gaps in our portfolio. We continue to fill a gap that we had that we started on last year and we wanted to build out the reservoir capability. Last year we bought GMI and GCA this year we just bought Helix and Epic just this quarter. That builds us up to about 350 reservoir consultants and professionals, geophysicists, etc. Well continue to look for companies like that that could fit into our portfolio.  Then we look at just the white spaces and gaps we have. As Peter said, we have a very strong balance sheet; were in great shape from that standpoint. We think theres going to be opportunities come up over the next few quarters, especially if this thing just kind of stays flat for a while. Yes, we will be looking and seeing whats out there and if we see something we like well move on it.
Waqar Syed  Tristone Capital: One of the ideas that has been talked about has been pressure pumping, do you still feel more about getting exposure on the international side or you feel that even gaining exposure in North America may not be a bad idea at this point?
Chad Deaton: I havent changed in my thinking for the last three years or since Ive come in here four years ago. Pressure pumping could fit into a Baker Hughes product line situation very nicely, domestically as well as internationally. We said that same thing regarding certain other gaps that we think the price are right other type of portfolio fills we would take a look at different things. Yes, I still believe its a potential.
Operator: Your next question comes from Dan Boyd - Goldman Sachs
Dan Boyd - Goldman Sachs: You mentioned in the press release that youre positioning the company to grow market share. If you could just comment on what regions or product lines youre most excited about from a relative perspective and is it an area where you have the most opportunity where youre catching up your competitors or is it where you think youre going to gain share where youre already strong?
Chad Deaton: Its clearly the catch up. I think we just have to look at a couple areas again that we didnt have much market share. Brazil we were almost non-existent four years ago now were a major player. Russia, other than selling a few products, central lift products, ESPs into Russia. Now today were offering full services. Saudi Arabia again other then completions we didnt do much in Saudi four years ago and now were one of the largest players there. Mexico is a perfect example again where we didnt do much. These recent wins now put us in pretty good position. Were targeting these key countries; West Africa is one where we made some nice investments. I just referred to that. Were starting to see some wins for some clients that we havent worked for in the past. I dont think its any one product line I think its a matter of getting the Baker Hughes brand and name which is very good, getting the people and the infrastructure and the position to be able to deliver to the clients. In my comments I mentioned about West Africa and clearly three years ago some of the major IOCs in West Africa when the audited our base and talked about projects there they were very concerned could we handle a $400 or $500 million project, kind of bundled services. With what were building there and what weve shown them thats not an issue today. I think that those are the type of low hanging fruit that weve been after that well continue to go for.
Dan Boyd - Goldman Sachs: Thats all geobased, it should be handled by the restructuring, is there anything on the product line specifically where you need to play catch up a little where you think you can gain some share?
Chad Deaton: I dont want to target our competition where we think we may want to go Ill probably dodge that question.
Dan Boyd - Goldman Sachs: On North America, it sounds like in the US your rig count forecast for next year it isnt that different from ours. When we look at the fourth quarter number it does sound like the fourth quarter rig count for 2010 with that type of trajectory would be similar to what we just experienced in the first quarter of 2009. When your North American margins adjust it would have been 16%.  How should we think about what margins might be with the same level of rig count in the fourth quarter of 2010 relative to where they were in the first quarter of this year, recognizing that obviously pricing is lower but at the same time you have been able to take a lot of cost out of your cost structure.
Chad Deaton: Its the way we modeled it, we kind of see a U coming from January two years back to the end of December seeing it build back up to about where it is. Youre exactly right, if we see that build towards the end of 2010 we could probably go back and look at things that took place in 05, 06 when everything was ramping up steeper then were projecting now. Then the cost starts falling, the benefit falls straight to the bottom line because youve got the cost out of the system, youre back in a growth mode again.
Dan Boyd - Goldman Sachs: The 1,300 rig count in the US is a15% margins in North America out of the question or you think thats something on a stretch goal could be achievable?
Chad Deaton: I dont think theyre out of the question. Ive often said that at a 1,200, 1,300, 1,400 rig count in the US the service sector can make money. There has to be some thing that take place, you cant have as much capacity in this business as we have today. We cant go from 2,200, 2,300 rigs go way down and be back at 1,300 and have the same capacity out there then margins wont get there.  I think theres going to be the next couple three quarters are probably going to be pretty tough in North America and in the end therell be some consolidation and well be back to that point which weve seen in so many different cycles. We can make money with 1,300 rigs in the service sector.
Operator: Your next question comes from Marshall Adkins  Raymond James
Marshall Adkins  Raymond James: You gave a pretty good overview of the reconciliation by region on the severance costs and stuff. Could you give us a little more specifics on the numbers? It appeared that I guess Latin America bore the brunt of those write downs but I was just wondering if we could get a little specifics on the exact magnitude by region of the write downs.
Peter Ragauss: Why dont I just give you the numbers so you dont have to use your Ouija board to figure it out. The sum of the total is $54 million so North America give it $12 million, Latin America give it $25 million, EARC give it $12 million and Middle East/Asia/Pacific give it $6 million.
Marshall Adkins  Raymond James: Going forward you mentioned that were going to have some reorg costs, is that going to be more in corporate and are we going to see or do you expect to see more of the severance going forward or are we pretty much done with all that?
Peter Ragauss: Ill answer the reorg allocation. Right now our best guess is probably half in corporate and half out in the business because we still have a lot of people moving around, etc. but we also have additional systems adjustments to make. Well tell you what it is next quarter.
Marshall Adkins  Raymond James: More international obviously for the part that will be embedded in the margins, right?
Peter Ragauss: Thats right. 
Martin Craighead: On the severance, the first quarter was the big hit that we took, significantly down this quarter. I would say Q3 may be similar to Q2 and we definitely want to have it all behind us at the end of next quarter, depending on how the market evolves but it looks like its pretty much behind us.
Marshall Adkins  Raymond James: Maybe a little bit more in Q3 but not of the magnitude we saw the last couple quarters?
Martin Craighead: Not even close, no.
Operator: Your next question comes from Robin Shoemaker  Citigroup
Robin Shoemaker  Citigroup: I wanted to return to your 9% growth forecast for the US rig count and in that context if we grow by that amount and as you indicated most of the growth is coming in the oil rig count. What scope is there fore pricing improvement from the levels weve reached currently across your product lines basically?
Chad Deaton: If you looked across, split it between segments I think the C&P side has a better chance of getting some price improvement then D&E. I dont think at that 9% rig count theres the tremendous opportunity for much overall price increase on either of them. I think the other side of it is if again we grow 9% we still have the same capacity that we have today out there then theres not going to be any price improvement.  Two functions there, one if we some consolidation and some other things in different product lines then that will help get us back perhaps to some reasonable margins and thats got to come from price and a culmination of costs. Two I would think that the production side has a little better chance of getting some price increase going forward then D&E right now for the next several quarters.
Robin Shoemaker  Citigroup: Is it the case then that increase youre anticipating most of that to come from oil related rig count improvement as has been the case thus far and if thats the case what does that mean in terms of revenue per rig versus a recovery in gas drilling?
Chad Deaton: I think the recovery will come in the oil side. What it means revenue per rig I dont know. I dont think we have numbers on that exactly to look at. The gas side, which youre going to see on the gas side on the recovery is these are going to be horizontal wells not vertical wells so our type of services are going to be much better because these are more technically challenging wells.  If we get into some like on the oil if you look up in the Balkan areas where were now starting to see multi-lateral wells and thats very good for the completion side of the business because these well bores requires a lot more jewelry and its a lot more complicated. As we get into longer extended reach wells or perhaps some lateral, multi-lateral type wells that will benefit Baker Hughes.
Operator: Your next question comes from Brad Handler  Credit Suisse
Brad Handler  Credit Suisse: On the allowances for doubtful accounts it seems as thought that was a pretty big number larger then what I think weve seen out of peers although we may not get a clear read out of your peers. Maybe you could speak to that a little more, how concentrated is that, it sounds like maybe in Latin America but are we talking about just a small handful or are we talking about a number of clients, a more pretty broad based conservatism here, can you just give us more on that please.
Chad Deaton: About half of it is with one client, the other half is spread throughout the globe. To answer your question, youre seeing different people take different approaches. Weve seen a lot of the drillers actually taking write downs and pretty aggressive allowances for doubtful accounts. I think some of our peers havent shown anything yet, were probably in the middle of the road between whats happening in the oil service and were basically following our internal rules, if you will, for taking these and were reserving to where we think we have an adequate reserve.
Brad Handler  Credit Suisse: Your comments in the press release as it related to regions in the quarter sort of revenue declines, are we supposed to infer that theres already pricing. If youre saying revenue versus activity is the inference that theres already some pricing degradation and if you maybe you can give us some flavor on the international side in Q2 already.
Chad Deaton: The pricing degradation will come more in Q3, Q4 simply because for Q1 and Q2 we were in the midst of renegotiating, especially the IOCs a lot of projects around the globe. Some of those were not finally negotiated and finished until end Q2 so you had a partial effect of that in Q2. Now youll see it in Q3 and Q4 and on Q1 next year. There will be other contracts that roll over and depending on what the activity level and whats happening in the competition side as those roll over then those will be up for negotiation as well. We have not, I guess kind of a reference point, and we think that the actually pricing negotiations pretty much come to a stop, were not seeing the pressure that we saw Q1, Q2, most of those are done and so we know the numbers to move forward with. I dont know if that helps your question or not.
Brad Handler  Credit Suisse: If I could just come back to it, if we think maybe about the Eastern Hemisphere is it possible to generalize and say the pricing is down 1%, 2%, 5% or more for that matter just again with references to revenue Im assuming that there is some pricing degradation Im just trying to get a flavor for how much has happened so far.
Chad Deaton: I dont have a number to try to say the whole hemisphere. We look at these things country by country and contract by contract. Martin do you have a total number for hemisphere?
Martin Craighead: I dont. To follow up on what Chad said its also product line by product line. Some of these have been probably more severe then we would have anticipated but thats mixed into some that are still benefiting from negotiations a year ago or 18 months ago. It really just depends on how they all play out timing wise and the product line in particular.
Brad Handler  Credit Suisse: I understand were dealing with so many different countries and such, as you say by product line can you make some generalizations about some products in the Eastern Hemisphere seeing pricing degradation already versus others is there some consistency there by product?
Martin Craighead: What weve seen is that perhaps a couple of the product lines that are most hardly hit in North America and the assets are fungible are the ones that are the first to become exposed in the Eastern Hemisphere, again its by project. If I had to give you an example I would have to say that theres a lot of wireline capacity leaving North America and moving east. I think thats probably the one that is going to be maybe the last to come out.
Chad Deaton: I think its safe to say the D&E, drilling and evaluation side will feel it more then the C&P side.
Brad Handler  Credit Suisse: As you say its in part because North American capacity is fungible and so its becoming available in other markets?
Chad Deaton: Correct.
Operator: Your next question comes from Rob MacKenzie  FBR Capital Markets
Rob MacKenzie  FBR Capital Markets: Obviously its too soon to see results from this now but when should we start to expect seeing positive results from the reorganization? Where is that most likely to take place first and what kind of magnitude of share gains do you think you can achieve and in what kind of timeframe?
Chad Deaton: I think youll expect to see benefits clearly in Q1 2010 both from a revenue standpoint as well as a cost standpoint. Perhaps even some in Q4 but Q2 and Q3 will have a lot of costs. We do have some overlapping responsibilities obviously as we hand off one to the other and some inefficiencies that well be taking care of. Peter talked about on the financial side getting that in place which is costing us clearly this year which will be much better position come January 1 to handle. I think where youll see some of the real benefits to come through this is in Far East, I think Asia. Were very happy with the team weve got out there, theyre in place. I think weve got some real opportunity to grow in Asia. I think Middle East not necessarily Saudi but perhaps Egypt and some of the Oman, some of these areas as they come back I think will benefit us with this new organization. West Africa I think is the next big one with the new facilities and the organization and just being closer to the client youll see it there. In terms of actual percentage of market share gains that were going to have Im not going to try and go out on a limb and predict that but I feel very comfortable that this will just put us in a much better position to make decisions faster then what weve had to go through with most of the management team sitting back in Houston. Now the management team is much closer and will move forward with it, be held accountable for it. I think that will help in the area of profitability.
Rob MacKenzie  FBR Capital Markets: How long do you expect to be able to, if there is say low hanging fruit, how long from say later this year, early next year, do you think you get to harvest most of that incremental benefit?
Chad Deaton: I dont know an answer for that one. I cant tell you.
Operator: Your last question comes from Jim Crandell  Barclays 
Jim Crandell  Barclays : Youve seen a lot of international cycles do you think that the price degradation youre seeing in the international, particularly the Eastern Hemisphere business from the IOCs this cycle is worse then prior cycles particularly give the effect that this is a relatively shallow downturn in the Eastern Hemisphere?
Chad Deaton: Yes, Id probably have to say in terms of them, some of them leveraging or putting the pressure on from a global basis. This is probably one of the more challenging, more pressure then what Ive seen. Part of it I actually think the service sector tends to be more bundled or IO, integrated operations, we talked earlier so they tend to use that leverage to bring in all product lines.  In the past it was pretty much individual services they negotiated each one now theyre negotiating with companies on large packages. Theres no doubt that the pricing I think this time is more severe internationally then, more pressure then in the past. They didnt necessarily get all the pricing thats talked about in Q1 and early Q2 those were negotiated. Still they got their house of blood.
Jim Crandell  Barclays : I believe you established the base in Iraq; could you give me your perspective on how you expect business to evolve there both from the IOCs and the NOCs and how you think Baker Hughes is positioned?
Chad Deaton: We like our position. We are and have been selling product and material into Iraq. Weve not taken on service contracts yet. We are, as you said, establishing a base; we will be up and operational by the year end, as kind of on speculation because we see a lot of potential activity there. We are in discussion with every IOC including national companies in Iraq to provide services. These are anywhere from individual type call out bundling usually because logistics issues there all the way through to some managing some projects. I think Iraq has a lot of potential I just think its going to take a while to see it happen. I wouldnt expect next year were talking that Iraq being one of our biggest customers or areas. Although I think it will grow as time goes on.
Gary Flaharty: One final reminder before we close, hopefully by now all of you have received an invitation to our 2009 analyst conference which will be held in Celle, Germany on September 16, 17. The conference will include presentations from our senior management team as well as a tour of our newly expanded technology center in Celle. We think it will be an enjoyable and an informative event. If you wish to attend and have not received details on the conference please call Haley VanMannen in our office at 713-439-8742. At this point Ill thank Chad, Peter and everyone, all of our participants this morning for your time and your thoughtful questions. Following the conclusion of todays call both Jean and I will be available to answer any additional questions that you have. Once again, thank you for your participation.
Operator: Thank you for participating in todays Baker Hughes Inc. Conference Call. (Operator Instructions) You may now disconnect.

===== 2009 Q1  (2009-04-30 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Gary Flaharty - Director of Investor Relations Chad Deaton - Chief Executive Officer, Chairman, and President Peter Ragauss - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer
Analysts:  James Crandell - Barclays Capital Bill Herbert - Simmons & Company International Dan Pickering - Tudor Pickering & Co. Sec Kurt Hallead - RBC Capital Markets Robin Shoemaker - Citi Group Goeff Kieburtz -Weeden & Company Micheal LaMotte - J.P. Morgan Stephen Gengaro - Jefferies & Company Marshall Adkins - Raymond James Michael Urban - Deutsche Bank Securities  
Operator: Good morning, my name is Dennis and I will be your conference facilitator. At this time I would like to welcome everyone to the Baker Hughes First Quarter 2009 Earnings Conference Call. (Operator Instructions). I will now turn the conference over to Mr. Gary Flaharty, Director of Investor Relations. Sir you may proceed.
Gary Flaharty: Thank you Dennis and good morning everyone, welcome you to the Baker Hughes first quarter 2009 earnings conference call. Here with me this morning are Peter Ragauss, Baker Hughes Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Martin S. Craighead, Senior Vice President and Chief Operation Officer, and Chad Deaton, Baker Hughes Chief Executive Officer, President, and Chairman. Following managements comments this morning we will open the lines for your questions. Reconciliation of operating profits and any non-GAAP measures to GAAP results for historic periods can be found on our website at www.BakerHughes.com in the Investor Relations section under financial information. I also want to caution you that any Company outlooks discussed this morning are subject to various risk factors. We will try to highlight these risk factors as we make these forward looking statements. However, the format of the call does prevent a more thorough discussion of the risk factors. For a full discussion, please refer to our annual report 10-K, 10-Q, and in particular the forward looking disclosure in this mornings news release. With that, I will conclude our discussion of the administrative details and turn the call over to Peter Ragauss.
Peter Ragauss: Thanks Gary and good morning. Today we reported net income on a US GAAP basis of $195 million or $ $0.63 per share. This compares to $1.27 per share a year ago and $1.41 per share for Q4 2008. Q1 revenue was $2.67 billion flat with the first quarter of 2008 and down $518 million or 16% last quarter. North American revenue was $1.1 billion in the first quarter down 8% compared to the first quarter of 2008 and down 23% compared to Q4. Total North American revenue of $1.6 billion was up 6% year on year but down 11% sequentially. Our oil field operating margin in Q1 was 14%. This compares to 23% in the year ago quarter and 22% in Q4. Severance cost in the first quarter was $54 million. In addition we increased our allowance for doubtful accounts to $29 million. Excluding the impact of these 2 charges which are unique to the quarter our Q1 oil field operating margin would have been 17%. Overall our performance in the first quarter was consistent with the severity of the drop in drilling activity in North America. It is hard to believe today that the US recount still averaged 1,344 rigs in Q1. US recount declined at 682 rigs from 1721 at the beginning of the quarter to 1039 rigs at quarter end. A drop of nearly 40% and it stands at 955 as of last Friday. The decline in recount was more rapid and more severe than we saw in the last four down cycles. Turning to the performance of our two segments; drilling and evaluation revenue was $1.3 billion in Q1 down 6% compared to the year ago quarter and down 17% sequentially. The drilling and evaluation segments operating margin was 12% in Q1 down from 25% in the year ago quarter and down from 21% in the prior quarter. Adjusting for severance and the increase in allowance for doubtful accounts, the operating margin in any segment was 15%. Revenue for our completion of production segment was 1.4 billion up 7% from the year ago quarter but down 15% sequentially margins in our completion of production segments held up better in Q than our drilling and evaluation product lines that are highly correlated with the recount.  C&P operating margin in Q1 was 17% down from 21% in the first quarter of 2008 down from 23 % in the prior quarter. Adjusting for severance and the increase in allowance for doubtful accounts, the operating margin for our C&P segments was 19%. To help you evaluate our earnings per share in the first quarter I will review you through the significant items that bridged the sequential and year ago quarters to the first quarter EPS and $0.63. In Q4 2008 our US GAAP net income per share was $1.41. From this $1.41 add $0.08 for the impairment of auction rate securities in Q4 2008. Subtract $0.08 for the impact of higher share count auction rate and higher tax rate compared to Q4, subtract $0.04 as a result of higher corporate expense and subtract $0.01 for higher net interest expense both compared to Q4. Subtract $0.12 for severance and $0.04 increasing our allowance for doubtful accounts. Subtract $0.36 for decreased profits in North America and subtract $0.21 for decreased profits outside of North America, primarily related to the seasonal decline in large export orders from Q4 to Q1 and the impact of the unfavorable changes in exchange rate. This gets to the $0.63 we are reporting for the first quarter. Now bridging from the year ago quarter, from our US GAAP net income per share of $1.27 we reported in the first quarter of 2008, subtract $0.06 for the gain on sale of the product line in Q1 2008. Subtract $0.06 to account for the impact of higher interest expense. Subtract $0.12 for severance and subtract $0.06 for increasing our allowance for doubtful account. Subtract $0.33 for decrease in profits in North America and subtract $0.01 for decreased profits outside of North America. This gets us to the $0.63 we are recording for the first quarter.  Now, turning to the balance sheet, total debt decreased $520 million in the quarter to $1.8 billion. During the quarter, we repaid $525 million in maturities from proceeds of the $1.5 billion of a long-term debt we issued in October of last year. We have no maturities on long-term debt until November 2013. At quarter end, our long-term debt to cap ratio was 20% and our net debt was $634 million. We currently have $1 billion in un-drawn committed credit facilities comprised of $500 million facility which is accessible through 2012 and $500 on 364 day facility which was successfully rolled over in March and is accessible through March 2010. At the end of the first quarter, we also had cash in short-term investments of $1.2 billion. This totals $2.2 billion in available liquidity. Moving on to guidance, 2009 capital expenditures are expected to remain in the range of $1.1 billion to $1.2 billion and our CapEx budgets reflects continued investment in the infrastructure particularly in the international markets as well as some capital for new rental tools and incremental capacity for a completion on production segment product lines. Our tax rate for 2009 is expected to be between 31% or 32% and finally, we still anticipate being cash flow positive in 2009. I will now turn the call over to Martin who will highlight our geographic results, Martin.
Martin Craighead: Thanks, Peter. I will begin with North America which had a very challenging quarter particularly in the latter half given the decline in land rig activity. Peter spoke to the declines in the U.S. rig count. Canada did not fair any better. In Q1, the Canadian rig count averaged 329 rigs (the lowest since 1995). Overall, in Q1, the total North American rig count was down 27% year on year. The majority of the reductions occurred on land. We expect further declines in North American Land Activity in Q2. The offshore rig count was down only 2% compared to the year ago quarter. Going forward, we expect weakness in the shelf to be offset by strengthening deep water activity as we expect six additional deep water rigs will be in the gulf by yearend. United States revenues were down 5% year on year compared to a rig count that was down 24%. Our results highlight the differential performance of our completion in production segment which was up 13% year on year compared to our drilling and evaluation segment which was down 23% in line with the rig count. Compared to the prior quarter, United States revenues decreased 24%. Canadian revenue was down 19% year on year compared to a 36% decrease in rig activity and decreased 16% sequentially compared to a 19% decline on rig count. A weaker Canadian dollar was also a contributing factor for the revenue decline. Self-reductions and activity and lower pricing in the quarter had a detrimental impact on profitability. Early in the quarter, we took steps to address market conditions through closure and/or consolidation of over a dozen facilities as well as a reduction in our workforce. Related severance charges were $34 million. The reduction in employee base is expected to deliver annual savings of $175 million in North America and we expect to hit that run rate in the third and fourth quarters. We will take other actions to appropriately size our North American operations to the market as it becomes necessary. As the full benefit of these actions could not be realized in the quarter, our North American operating profit margin declines to 12% in Q1. This compares to 27% in the first quarter of 2008 and 23% in the prior quarter. Adjusting for severance and the increase in allowance for doubtful accounts, the operating margin was 16% in Q1. North America remains an area of substantial strength for Baker Hughes. We have a very competitive suite of technologies which positions us well for continue of activity in the unconventional GAAPs place and in the deep water Gulf of Mexico. Furthermore, these technologies and our overall capabilities have afforded us a very strong market position and while we will work to defend price, it will not be at the expense of share. Turning to our Latin America region, the story in Latin America in Q1 was substantially one of strong and increasing activities in Brazil and Mexico. Elsewhere in the region, many operators reduced operating budgets and activity levels as lower commodity prices negatively impacting cash flow. We see this trend continuing throughout 2009. Latin American revenues in Q1 were up 23% year on year against the rig account that was substantially flat compared to the first quarter of 2008. The largest revenue increases occurred in Brazil, Mexico, Colombia, and Ecuador. Year on year, revenue growth in Brazil was driven by our directional drilling and fluids product lines and revenue growth in Mexico was lead by our completions product line. In Colombia, year over year growth was lead by the directional drilling and artificial lift product lines. Latin American revenue was down 15% compared to the prior quarter. The sequential decline reflects unexpected seasonal reduction in export orders. Sequential revenue decreases were greatest in Colombia, Venezuela, and Argentina where low oil prices have continued to depress activity levels. The operating profit margin in Latin America for the first quarter was 9% down from 19% in Q1 2008 and down from 21% in the prior quarter. Adjusting for severance and the increase in allowance for doubtful accounts, the operating margin was 15% in Q1. I would like to bring to your attention a few operational highlights. At the end of March, we were drilling on two rigs on the Alma Marine Project in Mexico. The contract we have highlighted to you in previous calls. We did not recognize any revenue associated with this project in the first quarter as project milestones were achieved days after quarter end and the revenues will be recognized in Q2. However, we did have staffing and mobilization cost in Q1. The project will be a positive contributor to our Mexico operations beginning in the second quarter and we expect to be operating on four rigs by the end of the second quarter. Before leaving Latin America, I am very happy to report that in addition to our sizable position with Petrogas in Brazil. In Q1, we were awarded a four-year, $170 million contract from a major international oil company furthering our ability to build economies of scale and scope in one of the worlds leading services market. This contract award includes directional drilling, logging well drilling, upper completions and artificial lift systems. Turning to the Middle East Asia Pacific Region, Middle East revenues increased year over year with higher activity in the Emirates, Egypt, Oman, offset by lower revenues from Saudi Arabia and Qatar. The sequential decline was principally due to lower activity in Saudi Arabia consistent with Saudi Aramcos plans to reduce overall activity. While Saudi Aramco is reducing activity, they remain committed to using leading technologies to access difficult to develop reservoirs. Our Mag Track Nuclear Magnetic Resonance LWD tool continues to deliver strong performance as part of our directional drilling suite. The 4-entry quarter inch Mag Track tool remains the only tool of its size capable of collecting the valuable NMR data while drilling their giants beneath a reservoir enabling Aramco to properly identify the oil/tar contact. Our notable successes with Aramco extended the global sides and its sides as well where our sides explorer services demonstrated our ability to deploy 100 levels well bore receiver string to provide a high resolution down hall seismic data. With this technology, our customers can now efficiently shoot high volume shock patterns which are spirals and multiple walkway lines with a volume and resolution required to make critical field development decisions. In Asia Pacific, year on year revenue increases were led by Indonesia, Brunei, and India. Sequentially, Asia Pacific revenue decreased with the largest decreases coming from Indonesia and Australia. Customers in the region continue to leverage technology as well to lower overall operating cost. During the quarter, we were awarded a three-year contract for the intelligent well system in Malaysia and in China we were awarded the completions contract from an NOC operating in the Bohai Bay. During the quarter, we completed the mobilization of six offshore wireline skid units and two trucks in support of a recent contract award with ONGC. Logging operation started in early January and since that time, we have provided a full range of open hole and case hole service. The operating profit margin was 14% in Q1 2009 compared to 20% in Q1 2008 and 23% in Q4 2008. Adjusting for severance and the increase in allowance for doubtful accounts, the operating margin was 15% in Q1. We continue to see the Middle East Asia Pacific Region as an area of great opportunity for Baker Hughes and as just highlighted we are making progress penetrating key markets. Nevertheless, I am disappointed with the pace in revenue and margin growth. In the next few weeks, we will announce additions to our management team that will help us address these markets. Turning to Europe, Africa, Russia, and the Caspian, revenue for the region was up 2% year on year but down 8% sequentially. In addition to significant activity declines in some areas, results were impacted by unfavorable foreign exchange movement particularly in the United Kingdom, Norway, and Russia. In Q1, European activity was impacted by lower oil prices and credit availability challenges which have been particularly is due to independent operators in the United Kingdom sector of the North Sea. Revenue in Europe declined year on year and sequentially strong year on year growth and directional drilling in the Norwegian sector of the North Sea was more than offset by weaker sales in the United Kingdom.  In Russia and the Caspian, declines in activity were significant. Low oil prices, weakness of the ruble and unfavorable tax structure as well liquidity issues and a lack of financing alternatives continued to be an issue for many operators. Revenue for Russia and the Caspian decreased year on year contributing to the decline of the lower sales and the completion of special chemicals product lines in Russia and lower wireline activity and completion sales in the Caspian. Revenue decrease sequentially on lower activity in the directional drilling, completions, drill bit and artificial product lines.  In Africa, revenue was up year over year lead by directional drilling, completions and artificial lift activity in Libya and by completions activity in Nigeria. Revenue declines sequentially as activity of independent operators was impacted by funding issues and expiration program slowed. Looking forward, we see steady expansion in Libya in the North African market and we are continuing our focus on deep water opportunities in West Africa. During the quarter, we were awarded a contract for a significant portion of deep water services for an IOC in Nigeria. Products and services to be provided include directional drilling, logging while drilling, wireline services, and completion. Operating profit in the region was essentially unchanged  19% Q1 2009 compared to 20% in Q1 2008 and 20% in Q4 2008. Adjusting for severance and the increase in allowance for doubtful accounts, the operating margin was 22% in Q1. Overall, Q1 was an outstanding for that region. I will now turn the call over to Chad.
Chadwick Deaton: Okay. Thanks, Martin. Looking at the North American Market, we are clearly in one of the most challenging markets that we have faced in a very long time. The rig count in the United States continues to fall and as of last week, we were down 53% from the September peak and given the magnitude of the decline in the United States gas rig count it does appear, we were actually seeing in the beginning of possibly a production response. However, there are several factors that may inhibit a return to the 1,600 plus or minus gas directed rig count that we enjoyed in the United States only a few months ago. First, application of advance technologies in shale gas place has led to significant increases in production. As a result, the industry may be able to sustain gas production with far less rigs. Second, global LNG liquefaction capacity is expected to increase around $29 billion cubic feet per day in 2008 to around $37 billion cubic feet per day by 2010. With decline in demand in the Pacific Basin and minimal storage capacity in the international market, LNG shipments to the United States are probably going to increase and with a weakened global economy, we believe there is ample gas supply to keep North American activities suppressed for several quarters. The timing and level of any recovered depends on several factors including weather, economic activity and related demand, the impact of any new taxes on energy demand and energy companies and the timing and degree of the supply response, we expect to see and reduced joint activity. In Canada, the breakup started about two weeks ago and we believe the second quarter breakup will be quite severe. Last week, the Canadian rig count stood at 65 rigs, 23 rigs below last years lowest rig count. Canadian operators are facing the same challenge as the United States operators. As such, we expect activities to remain weak after the breakup. Our North American revenue performance over the last several quarters has led our peer group. Clearly, North America is the key area for us and we continue to believe that long term, this market will return to a more stable business. Perhaps, fewer rigs, the more technical and complex products and services will be utilized by those rigs as our clients view more conflicts horizontal and even multi-lateral wells. As witnessed in other parts of the world, we see increase revenue for rig as operators require higher end products and services in order to draw more technically challenging horizontal wells. In the mean time, we have taken steps to right size on North American operations. We have reduced headcount and have closed in our consolidated several facilities. We had assigned personnel to international operations were possible. We expect further deterioration and activity in price but over the next several quarters, the service industry will adjust to market condition. Operating cost will be reduced and profitability levels will improved as cost reduction aspects are realized, efforts are realized. The full benefit of our cost reductions will not be realized until the second half of the year, we also expect pricing pressure will continue on lower volumes in North America. We expect activity to average 950 rigs in quarter 2. If our forecast is correct, the sequential drop in activity from quarter 1 to quarter 2 will exceed the drop in activity we saw from quarter 4 to quarter1. Therefore, we believe that the consensus estimates for our second quarter are likely too high. Looking internationally, it is clear that $50 oil is not sufficient to support some of the projects with marginal economics today. The outlook for the world economy in oil demand remains uncertain. If we see oil prices recover to the $70 range, we will see many projects move ahead. If oil continues to trade near the $50 range, we will continue to see a slow decline in the international activity. Activity in United Kingdom continues to be weak, offset by Norway. In Saudi Arabia, rig counts are declining in response to lower oil prices. Activity in Russia and the Caspian has declined significantly but we believe that they are maybe reaching a bottom. We see West Africa and North Africa as areas of strength and Latin America provides the most opportunity in the near term as Brazil and Mexico move forward with large development projects. We have made significant investments in the international markets over the last several quarters and have been successful in winning several large contracts. We also have successfully implemented numerous process and procedures to make sure that we operate within the guidelines of the FCPA and other government regulations. This past Sunday, marked the expiration of our deferred prosecution agreement. The expiration of this agreement is a testament to the success that we have had and established in the world-class compliance organization. Now, this does not signal a change in how we will conduct our business around the world. We will continue to operate in a transparent and compliant fashion to everything we do but it does represent a significant industry leading achievement. During these last two quarters, we took decisive actions on several fronts that we feel will enable us to come out of this down turn as a much stronger company. We have implemented headcount reductions that will deliver over $250 million in annual saving. We have taken actions to achieve efficiency in our shared services organization. They are expected to contribute annual savings and additional $50 million in 2010. We have closed in consolidated facilities and continue to evaluate options for further consolidation. We strengthened our balance sheet providing the flexibility to take advantage of opportunities during this down turn as they arise. We recruited and placed key executives in several important functions including a Vice-President of Supply Chain to drive the efficiencies through the organization which are expected to resolve additional cost reduction opportunities of over $300 million. We hired the Chief Information Officer to manage the efficient implementation of IT throughout the organization and the Vice-President reliability test was building out our quality management initiatives and reducing our clients non-predicted time and we are moving forward with our geographical organization which will enhance our ability to quickly and efficiently respond to our customers delivering technical solutions, and value for multiple product line. Through all of this, we will maintain our investment in technology and development and our focus on execution. We had significant deep water contract wins in the quarter in the Gulf of Mexico, Brazil, and West Africa and we are having success in penetrating eastern hemisphere markets that we have targeted as demonstrated by a recent mobilization in six wireline units into the Indian market. We remain confident at the lower levels of investment accelerating decline rates and an economic rebound will drive our customers and to make the significant investments required to meet the worlds energy needs. This will, in turn, drive demand for products, technologies and services. Gary, let us open it up for some questions.
Gary Flaharty: All right. Thank you, Chad. At this point, Ill ask Dennis to open the lines for your questions. To give everyone a fair chance to ask a question we ask that you limit yourself to a single question and a related follow up question. Dennis, could we have the first question please.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from James Crandell  Barclays Capital 
James Crandell  Barclays Capital: Martin, could you address the performance of this NMR sensor in Melissas field. What is it about as it makes it better than the others? I know you displaced your competitor there and does it have, are the benefits such that this could be true in other regions as well?
Martin Craighead: Well, Jim, yes, let me clarify, when we say we displaced the competitor, there is no other offering (that is to my knowledge). No other competitive offering so it is hard to displace somebody. We are running in the bottom assembly of our competitor. They are still doing the drilling but it certainly is a significant piece of information for Aramco. It is very unusual to have somebody elses instrument in a bottom hole assembly. The issues there (as you are probably aware) is really viscosity identification as the oil stick above a tar mat. If they penetrate the tar mat, then basically they lose the well. The benefit of the Mag Track for Baker Hughes is first, it is the only one that is about 3.25 in size which is what they need to drill the standard reach. Secondly, it has a very good vibration medication characteristic which is important obviously in a drilling environment. So, we get very good with (what is called) T2 measurements and we get very good resolution on being able to determine the viscosity of the oil. It is a big technical success for us. We are proud of it. Second part of your question, we are running it in Brazil, both in the Santos Basin as well as in the Sub Salt on those carbons down there so it has been a big success for us.
James Crandell  Barclays Capital: Martin, what was the rough size of the Nigerian contract that you won?
Martin Craighead: I am sorry, I missed that.
James Crandell  Barclays Capital: What was the size roughly of the Nigerian contract that you won?
Martin Craighead: That was $500 million. 
James Crandell  Barclays Capital: Over what time period, Chad? 
Chadwick Deaton: It is over a 4-year period.
James Crandell  Barclays Capital: Okay, and my, this related follow up is, Chad would you expect to be a competitor on the Iraqi contracts that may start here before year-end?
Chadwick Deaton: We will be a competitor. Jim, we have been selling product in Iraq for the last couple of 3 years and what we see again is selling in 2009 percentage-wise, it gets you very excited. Absolute dollar-wise is not big yet, but the area that we have been quite active in Iraq for the last couple of years has been on the reservoir evaluation side working with the Iraq international oil companies to identify these field which also gives them some size and understanding as a reservoir size of this field. So, yes we have opened our office there. We have had our teams in there quite actively for the last 6 to 8 months and we are participating in terms of tenders and looking at projects.
Operator: Your next questions come from Bill Herbert - Simmons & Company International
Bill Herbert - Simmons & Company International: Chad, if you could add just, Chad and Martin, add a little bit more texture if you will with regard to the sequential margin performance in your non-North American regions, Europe, Africa, Russia very strong and looks to be up quarter on quarter ,Middle East, Asia Pacific, and Latin America even adjusting for the severance and non-cash charges in the quarter quite a bit lower quarter on quarter. Why were the margins so much lower in Latin America and the Middle East? And why were they or they so strong in the Europe-Africa-Russia Region?
Chadwick Deaton: You hit it right on the head and I think Martin said it. EARC, Europe/Africa had a very, very strong quarter. The reasons for that is Norway strength offset what we saw is some weakness in the UK in terms of activity although the guys did a pretty good job getting cost in line the first quarter in the UK in trying to offset some of that margin hit there. Africa was very strong force and North Africa, Libya, Algeria. In fact, they had some of the better quarters. I think Nigeria had its best quarter in quite some time.
Martin Craighead: Latin America I think we can explain a lot of it from the Mexico start up and Brazil start up cost on drilling fluids. We are still moving through those and as Martin said we did not recognize revenue in Mexico on the two rigs we are on and we did not reach the milestones effort, case in point but we did have the cost associated beyond those two rigs, So think you will see Latin America bounce back on the margin side and be more representatives or what is going on in the market.
Chadwick Deaton: Martin hit it on the head there. We were not happy with what the response we are getting out of MEAP and so we are making some changes there and we did think that it is a near of great importance for us I think I said on the last call or the call before that as a Company we have not focused on Asia Pacific and MEAP as much as the other 3 regions and historically. So again we think that this has got great opportunity and you also saw Saudi which is a real driver for us in the MEAP region being down in line with the activity down on rigs. So, that also weakened us in MEAP a little bit the quarter.
Bill Herbert - Simmons & Company International: Okay so broadly speaking, I think you answered the question with regards to Latin America but broadly speaking in the non-North American realm as the year unfolds and assuming that drilling activity overall does not do a whole lot up or down and then you continue to witness sort of inevitable pricing pressure from IOCs what do you think is a reasonable outlook for margins as it unfolds in the non west American arena for 2009? 
Martin Craighead: I think Latin America will improve towards the end of the year as we get our cost we talked about that one I think EARC is going to be under some additional pricing pressure so I think we probably had our strongest quarter in EARC in the first quarter. I think west Africa will hold this on but Europe itself will be under a little more pressure and I think Russia towards the end of the year could get a little better than what we saw in the first quarter and will see on the second quarter. As I said in my comments, the Russia area seems to be [baddening] and it could get a little bit better by the end of the year. Now MEAP we think still going to be some struggling in Q2 and Q3 on some pricing issues and other things.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Dan Pickering with the Tudor Pickering & Co. Sec.
Dan Pickering - Tudor Pickering & Co. Sec: Chad, you talked a little bit about the second quarter estimates it is being too high. I appreciate the caller, obviously we are going to push for some specificity. I would assume that 3% or 4% too high is not a meaningful number and you would not talk about it so we got to think about this is 10% or more type of kind of too high estimates out there is that a fair way to think about how you are guiding?
Chadwick Deaton: Well, let me put it this way, last quarter I think consensus estimates for about $0.99 . We made the statements that consensus is too high and it came down to $0.75, $0.76. This time we said based on what we see and rig count dropping consensus is likely too high. So from that you have got to run your numbers.
Dan Pickering - Tudor Pickering & Co. Sec: Okay. All right, well [grind] a way on that and then generally as you look at North America and the profitability there, did we see any meaningful price impact hitting in the first quarter, will that be more significant as we moved through the year? Did we see the full brunt of the price impacts in the first quarter? It is basically the same question that Bill asked on the international side but just take it to North America and where do you think we bottom margins there?
Chadwick Deaton: I think North America started to see some price. January still wasnt a bad month but by the time we hit March it was clearly, as rig count goes down so was the pricing. There were a lot of discussion and renegotiations in the first quarter that will now probably be hitting us full in the second quarter. So I think the real pricing pressure is hitting starting from March, April, and May and will be with us through Q2, Q3. We dont really see rate count bottoming until end of Q2, Q3 most likely and it was still as I said in the call it is going to be down percentage wise more on Q1 to Q2 than it was from Q4 to Q1 price. So I think pricing is going to continue to spiral down to match that.
Dan Pickering - Tudor Pickering & Co. Sec: So do you think margins can hold double digits Chad or is that kind of did not still go over on your buggy?
Chadwick Deaton: It could be a challenge in North America to do that.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Kurt Hallead with RBC Capital Markets.
Kurt Hallead  RBC Capital Markets: Hey, just along those lines Chad as might as well continue that questioning this time on the international front. So your peers have pretty said something along the lines of 300, 500 basis point increments in North America. As we move into the second quarter and the stabilization from that point forward. And then, the peer group has also suggested something along the line for the couple of the 300 basis point [decrement] on the international markets. Is there something in your product mix or some in your recent contract awards that would put you in a better position that your peers or do you think it is too much going on that you are not going to be able to dodge it?
Chadwick Deaton: I think we are more in the area of what our peers I guess were saying, I dont think internationally is going to be as bad as domestically just simply because of the recount, new client, Kurt but most of these international projects are a lot larger there than what they used to be. They tend to be [blub] bundle services, bigger packages Martin talked about the Brazil win, we talked about the West Africa win, those were several product lines in there but our clients have been out talking to all of us, trying to get pricing down and everybody is negotiating this packages rather than just having them retendered. So I dont disagree with what their numbers are saying.
Kurt Hallead  RBC Capital Markets: I know historically during this periods of time your service company is definitely making effort to sell the value proposition clearly thats getting much more, more difficult. Can you just give us some sense on what kind of value add you are providing to your customers and then whether or not youre able to kind of mitigate the pricing pressure?
Chadwick Deaton: Well, lets take the example, Kurt, off shore, deep water thats under a lot less pricing pressure. There is just a handful of competitors on those rigs. They are long-term contracts. Much of that work is already been awarded even the new rigs coming out, we know what we won on that. Thats not going to come under a lot of pricing pressure, just simply because the clients with the kind of spread cost even if they cant get rig cost rates down they still have significant exposure there to not predict the time and failure. Land, internationally, thats where the pressure tends to be higher in terms of discounting, off shore again, deep water which is a significant part of our international market. So that part should hold up a little better than when you just get in to the land type operation in Russia etcetera clearly we are seeing a lot of pricing pressure in those particular areas.
Kurt Hallead  RBC Capital Markets: Okay, and then just one other house keeping item if I may, in the press release you guys reference specifically margin impact in North America, and in Latin America as related to severance and then the allowance for doubtful account and then Martins commentary, he referenced the severance and doubtful accounts in the number of different regions. Can you guys give us that mix or is that better of off line?
Peter Ragauss : This is Peter. We have taken, unfortunately we had to take severance charges in all regions around the globe. We have also increased our allowance for doubtful accounts in all regions around the globe. We have given you the margins, the adjusted margins for clarity. Why dont I just repeat the adjusted margins to make sure you get it. So oil field 17%, D&E 15%, C&P 19%, North America 16%, Latin America 15%, EARC 22%, MEAP 15%, then total ROW of 19%. So you can take those percentages multiply the times the revenues etcetera and figure out the adjustments. What we were not prepared to do is talk about specific provisions and specific countries with specific customers.
Operator: Your next question comes from Robin Shoemaker - Citi Group.
Robin Shoemaker  Citi Group: It struck me that your severance charge in total was on the high side just compared to, what some of your other larger competitors reported and Im just wondering if you decided to be a little more out in front on this issue. We heard some other companies indicated that there was another big round of belt tightening coming in the current quarter. What is likely to happen in terms of your further work force reductions going forward and what possible explanation is there for the fairly large size of the charge you took in the first quarter?
Chadwick Deaton: Yes I think your right Robin. We tended to want to get this out of the way in the first quarter. If we have additional cuts going forward it is going to depend on what activity happens. We were trying to look at what we think is going to happen over the next couple of quarters and respond to that now. I think one of our competitors took a frigate cut in Q4, took some charges. I think some of our other competitor are probably doing a little in Q1 will do more in Q2. But we have identified and notified the people in all of the four regions and we are just moving forward going ahead. Some of those people are obviously in Europe and some other areas remain on the payroll in Q2 so we will have a little bit of overlap on that. Thats why in Martins comments we said we wouldnt see the benefit of these cut really until Q3 and Q4 but I think we will be a little more pro active especially in North America to get the cost in line, because as we said we think this is going to last quite a few quarters.
Robin Shoemaker  Citi Group: Ok understood. My follow up is related to the IPM bundled services issue. Where we see you winning some projects and also in the high-tech arena but what about some of the large IPM bundled services projects that are a little more low tech, well construction type of projects, but fairly sizeable. We saw you have been, I think in the first quarter on a couple of those projects in Mexico. What is your view on the IPM arena and where you fit in with that?
Chadwick Deaton: What we do like high-end high-tech bundled type projects more than just necessarily chasing rigs and above a drilling contractor type model, but if look at Mexico for example we have won a project for offshore which tends to be more of a high-tech approach to things but we have also gone after some land operation. We are right now the leading contender on the most recent Chicontepec project. Its a little smaller than the previous ones but when the beds were opened we were the winners so they are going thru the qualification process now. Where the market dictates it, we will participate. We are not necessarily going to be the leader to buy rigs and get out there and try to lead in that area, but Mexico is clearly a market were it is happening, Russia, we are managing four in Russia where we have project. Algeria we have an ITM type project in Algeria on a 6 rigs. So where the market is leaning in that direction, we will participate.
Robin Shoemaker - Citi Group: Ok. And if you do get conformation of the award on Chicontepec, when would that project likely begin?
Chadwick Deaton:  I believe it is the third quarter, end of the third quarter.
Operator: Your next question comes from a line of Goeff Kieburtz Weeden & Company 
Goeff Kieburtz Weeden & Company: Let me just take upon the Chicontepec comment, I have not honestly looked at that details of the bidding but in winning that contract, did you have to go back and re-think the way you bid prior to Chicontepec work?
Chadwick Deaton: Yes. I think what helped us in getting some of the bidding on this contract the way did was because of our exposure now on the offshore market down there and we built up some mask.
Goeff Kiebutrtz Weeden & Company: Ok. So it is really changed circumstances allowed you to approach in a different manner?
Chadwick Deaton: Yes. I would say that is a fair comment.
Goeff Kiebutrtz Weeden & Company: And do you see that then being, Chicontepec, a project that will expand your exposure to over the next couple of years?
Chadwick Deaton: Yes Geoff there are several more of this ATG projects I think there is another five or six or seven to be tendered in the next coupled of years and with PAMEX going to grow some fifteen thousand wells in the area, it is going to be an active market. So again thats been able to get in on the offshore and some of the little higher end, high technical side of the business. We feel that we got some of our cost covered and we can do a little more aggressive going after the Chicontepec or ATG projects.
Goeff Kiebutrtz Weeden & Company: And what would you expect that to do to your Latin American margins over that time period?
Chadwick Deaton:   I think initially when you first start it may have a little effect for a quarter or two but as we seen in other competitors as you become more efficient, you should be able to bring your margins back.
Goeff Kiebutrtz Weeden & Company: Great! If I could just ask a housekeeping question? I know what Peter said about giving us the adjusted margins but would you mind giving us the combined doubtful account and severance charges for D&E and C&P in dollar terms?
Chadwick Deaton:   Yes we can do that. Probably, Gary will calculate those numbers and get them to you.
Operator: Your next question comes from a line of Micheal LaMotte with J.P Morgan
Micheal LaMotte - J.P. Morgan: Chad if I could follow up on your comment about recount recovery in the U.S And in particular the focus within the shales on more of the technical service, I have to ask a question, does it alter your thinking or willingness or appetite to act as a consolidator in the North American market at all?
Chadwick Deaton: Are you talking about our type of services?
Micheal LaMotte - J.P. Morgan: Well your type of services or even an extension of plug and play types of businesses that you are on in now?
Chadwick Deaton:   It does not make much sense for us to be a consolidator of our type of services and I think especially when I start looking at the shale place and things because its hard to match technology or systems that you have by trying to acquire somebody else. I think there will be consolidations and without a doubt. I just think that we are in a cycle where we see so much in the past where a lot of capacities have been added and needs to be taken out. We will be opportunistic if something comes up that we think its fit. Our product lines or fills the gap for us. Evaluations are clearly going to be coming down then will take a look at that. But for the most part, our acquisitions and things we were looking for will tend to be more in a technical end, the reservoir end, gaps that we may have but not necessarily just to be a consolidator.
Micheal LaMotte - J.P. Morgan: Ok. That is helpful color thank you. And then if I could follow up just for a product or service lines stand point on Centrilift in general we would think of more production oriented business with tend to hold up in a lower rig count environment. But historically Russian, Valenzuela has been big market for ESP. Can you just talk about that business and what the expectation are for this year and how is it handling the cyclical downturn?  
Chadwick Deaton:   Centrilift is typically half cycles on this for the past years and this is not different usually has a weaker Q1 than they do in Q4, a lot of that is due to sales of equipment. We do two things in Centrilift , we lease ESPs and we sell ESPs depending on client preference. So usually Q1 we see Central lift gets a little weaker in the export sale. Centrilift if you go around and look at the areas, Russia is weaker right now for that very reason and the activity has been down. But Centrilift along with Baker Petrolite those margins have held up and we think will hold up much better through the next several quarters than our D&E side of the business. I do not know if that answers your question.
Micheal LaMotte - J.P. Morgan: If I can ask quickly on the lease/sale mix perhaps that is helping permute the volatility relative to periods in the past. We had downturns in spending. Is that a big factor in smoothing up the revenue stream?
Chadwick Deaton: That smoothes up the revenue stream, the leasing side obviously smoothes out the revenue stream.
Operator:  Your next question comes from the line of Stephen Gengaro  Jefferies & Company
Stephen Gengaro  Jefferies & Company:  You mentioned the strength of you balance sheet and I know from Michaels questions around acquisitions but are there holes as you look at some of these, more commoditized ITM jobs around the world that you might want to fill as far as your product portfolio allowing you to bid aggressively? 
Chadwick Deaton:  No, we were able to find the rigs so it does not mean we necessarily have to have a rig contractor. We were able to find sea manning or pressure pumping alliances that we can work with. I do not think that is stopping us from bidding on these projects or winning these projects, Steven. It is not that we were held up because we do not have particular product. Some of our competitors that are winning some of these projects as well have gaps and we have a service that they do not. It does not stop them from winning them. In fact on some of these projects we sell quite a bit of services and products to our competitors are managing these projects.
Stephen Gengaro  Jefferies & Company: Okay that is helpful and then as another way to follow up, back to the North American margin question, when you look at your cost cutting and headcount reduction, what plan would you guess that the cost cutting helps margins flatter. Do you need rig count to move higher to get margins flat and then go up or do you think the cost cutting initiatives will stabilize margins at some point late this year.
Chadwick Deaton: You do not see margins stabilize as you get coughed out of the system and we hit the low end margins in Q2 and Q3 in North America by then the cost cutting will come in and you will see some stabilizations of margins maybe even a little improvement but it will take an increase in rig count or a consolidation phase to get some capacity up before you see margins do anything meaningful.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Marshall Adkins  Raymond James
Marshall Adkins  Raymond James:  Let us come back to the completion and production side. Obviously that business held up much better as usual. Should we expect a delayed reaction here to lower rig count? Are we going to see meaningful margin deterioration and meaningful fall off in that business over the next few quarters or do you think it will just hold up?
Chadwick Deaton: I think you could see some weakness in margins on the C&P side of the business but I do not think it is not going to be as meaningful as what you obviously see in the D&E side of the business.
Marshall Adkins  Raymond James: Right, just a couple of more clean up items here. Interest expense was up big and depreciation was down, can you give us some guidance going forward on both those issues?
Chadwick Deaton: Depreciation, I think is going to be pretty flat from here. Interest expense, we issued the bonds in October so interest expense will be pretty flat from here also. We paid off some short term debt in January, February in the first quarter which was not very high rates and so I think it is pretty flat from here. Any depreciation was probably down a little bit and it is probably tied back to the bit side of the business because we do capitalize the bits that are leased and with the activity decreased, we have less capitalization and depreciation coming out of these cushions, that might have lowered a little bit in the quarter.
Gary Flaharty: Dennis at this point can we just take one final question please.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Michael Urban  Deutsche Bank Securities
Michael Urban  Deutsche Bank Securities: Most of the questions have been answered, I wanted just like to follow-up of on the international side in a broader sense and it is hard to generalize. Some of your competitors have a view the international side, as it often happens, simply on the lag. You the nature of the contracts and projects and things like that seem stable or maybe drifting down subject to a bigger drop later on. I just want to get you opinion on that.
Chadwick Deaton: I agree with that I think the international side historically is always lagged in the US and North America action. We continue to see international be on a slow drift as long as the oil price stays on that $50 range I think there is still plenty of projects out there that the clients will continue to move forward on at $50 but some of the bigger ultra deep water Arctic, other type projects could be delayed. Now if we see some economic recovery towards the end of the year or early next year and oil starts moving back up $60 $70 $75 a barrel then I think that will probably signal the end of the international slow down and we will be in the much better book but I think this is a 12/18 type cycle that we have entered into 
Michael Urban  Deutsche Bank Securities: With respect to the oil price it is something we hear pretty often in common that we have $50 oil end projects dont make sense but how much of a moving target is that with respect to the cost if you have $50 oil and 2008 cost something doesnt work but we are hearing project costs on some cases coming down 30% or more be it rigs, tubular or things like that. Does that change the equitation and therefore it is more of stability and sustain instability question at 50 or is that still in absolute terms too low even with the lower cost?
Chadwick Deaton: I think it is still too low. I do not think your cost are going to come down. For our type of services like rigs and some other things may come down to that effect but I think that $50 oil will still have a tightening or squeezing effect on quite a few projects around the world. I think there is not going to be able to get the cost out fast enough to make up for these projects. These projects if we just look back over the last several years are much more complicated. They require a lot more technology to be able to drill these wells. I just dont think you will be able to get the cost down low enough to $50 oil on the service side to be able to justify that.
Gary Flaharty: Alright thanks Mike and thank you Chad, Martin and Peter. I want to thank everyone today, all of our participants this morning for your time and your thoughtful questions. Following the conclusion of todays call both Gene and I will be available to answer any additional calls you may have or questions you may have. So once again thank you for your participation Dennis?
Operator: Thank you for participating in todays Baker Hughes Incorporated conference call. This call will be available for replay beginning 10:15 am Eastern, 9:30 am Central and will be available through 10 pm Eastern time on a Wednesday May 13, 2009. The conference ID number for the replay is 93158395. The number to dial for the replay is 800-642-1687 in the US or 706-645-9291 international. You may now disconnect.

===== 2008 Q4  (2009-01-28 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Gary Flaharty - Director of Investor Relations Chad Deaton - Chief Executive Officer, Chairman, and President Peter Ragauss - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Jim Crandell  Barclays Capital Bill Herbert - Simmons & Company Kurt Hallead  RBC Capital Markets Ole Slorer  Morgan Stanley Dan Pickering - Tudor, Pickering, Holt Charles Minervino - Goldman Sachs Brad Handler  Credit Suisse David Anderson  UBS Robin Shoemaker  Citigroup Mike Urban  Deutsche Bank Geoff Kieburtz  Weeden
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Welcome everyone to the Baker Hughes Fourth Quarter 2008 Earnings Conference Call. I will now turn the conference over to Mr. Gary Flaharty, Director of Investor Relations.
Gary Flaharty: I want to welcome you to the Baker Hughes fourth quarter 2008 earnings conference call. Here with me this morning are Chad Deaton, Baker Hughes Chief Executive Officer, Chairman, and President, and Peter Ragauss, Baker Hughes Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Following managements comments this morning we will open the lines for your questions. Reconciliation of operating profits and any non-GAAP measures to GAAP results for historic periods can be found on our website at www.BakerHughes.com in the investor relations section under financial information.  I also want to caution you that any company outlooks are subject to various risk factors. We will try to highlight these risk factors as we make these forward looking statements. However, the format of the call does prevent a more thorough discussion of the risk factors. For a full discussion of these risk factors, please refer to our annual report 10-K, 10-Q, and in particular the forward looking disclosure in this mornings news release.  With that, I will conclude our discussion of the administrative details and turn the call over to Peter Ragauss.
Peter Ragauss: Today we reported net income on a US GAAP basis of $432 million or $1.41 per share. This compares to $1.26 per share a year ago and $1.39 per share for Q3 2008. Q4 revenue was $3.2 billion up $446 million or 16% from Q4 2007 and up $176 million or 6% from last quarter. Our oil field operating margin in Q4 was 22% this compares to 24% from year ago quarter and 22% again in Q3. For the full year operating profit was $5.30 per share up 12% from the $4.73 per share in 2007. Two thousand eight full year revenue was $11.9 billion up 14% from $10.4 billion in 2007. North American revenue was up 17% compared to 2007 and non-North American revenue was up 12%. Our oil field operating margin for the full year 2008 was 23%. Full year CapEx ended up at $1.3 billion. Moving to the regions, the North American revenue was $1.4 billion in the fourth quarter up 25% compared to the year ago quarter and up 8% sequentially. Total non-North American revenue was up 10% year on year and up 5% sequentially. Latin American revenue increased 42% year on year. Revenue from the Europe/Africa/Russia/Caspian increased 5% compared to the year ago quarter. Revenue from the Middle East/Asia/Pacific region was also up 5% compared to the fourth quarter 2007. Sequentially revenue from the Latin American region was up 20%, revenue for the Middle East/Asia/Pacific region was up 10% and revenue for the Europe/Africa/Russia/Caspian region was down 3%. Turning to the performance of our two segments; drilling and evaluation revenue was $1.57 billion in Q4 up 15% compared to the year ago quarter up 1% sequentially. Year on year revenue growth was strongest in Latin America and North America. Our drilling fluids and directional drilling product lines saw the largest increase in revenues compared to the year ago quarter. The drilling and evaluation segments operating margin was 21% down from 25% in the fourth quarter 2007 and down from 22% in the third quarter. Revenue for completion and production segment was $1.6 billion up 18% from the year ago quarter and up 11% sequentially. Year on year revenue growth was again strongest in Latin America and North America. Oil field chemicals and artificial lift had the largest revenue increase compared to the year ago quarter. C&Ps operating margin in the fourth quarter was 23% basically flat to the fourth quarter of 2007 and actually up from 22% in Q3 2008. To help you evaluate our earnings per share in the fourth quarter Ill walk you through the significant items that bridged the sequential and year ago quarters to the fourth quarter EPS and Ill walk through a full year bridge.  In Q3 2008 our US GAAP net income per share was $1.39. From this $1.39 add about $0.01 for the impact of lower share count, subtract $0.08 for the impairment of auction rate securities we took in this quarter, subtract $0.05 as the result of higher interest expense compared to Q3, subtract $0.01 to adjust for a higher tax rate, then add about $0.06 to reflect lower corporate costs in Q4 compared to Q3 due to one time gains in the quarter which are not expected to recur. Finally, add $0.09 from operations. This gets us to the $1.41 we are reporting for the fourth quarter. Looking at year over year from the $1.26 reported in the fourth quarter 2007 subtract $0.08 for the impairment of auction rate securities again, subtract $0.06 to account for the impact of higher interest expense, add $0.10 to account for the benefit of the more favorable tax rate this quarter, add $0.05 for the impact of lower share count and add about $0.05 for the impact of lower corporate costs in Q4 compared to the year ago quarter, again attributed to the one time gains in the quarter which are not expected to recur. Finally, add $0.09 from operations. This gets us to the $1.41 we are reporting for the fourth quarter. Looking at the full year from the $4.73 we reported for the full year 2007 subtract $0.13 for the litigation settlement, subtract $0.09 to account for the impact of higher interest expense, subtract $0.08 for the impairment of auction rate securities, subtract about $0.03 for the impact of higher corporate costs, add $0.28 to account for the benefit of a more favorable tax rate, add $0.20 for the impact of the lower share count, add $0.06 for the gain on the sales of a product line, and add $0.36 from operations. This gets us to the $5.30 we are reporting in 2008. Turning to the balance sheet. Total debt increased $703 million to $2.3 billion. During the quarter we issued $1.25 billion in long term debt to repay $500 million of short term Commercial Paper and to pre-fund debt maturities of $525 million in the first quarter. We will now have no maturities of long term debt until November 2013. At quarter end our total debt GAAP ratio was 26% and our net debt was $378 million. We currently have $1 billion in un-drawn committed facilities comprised of $500 million under a revolver which is accessible through 2012 and $500 million under a 364 day facility we plan to extend in March. At the end of the fourth quarter we also had cash and short term investments of $2 billion so this totals $3 billion in liquidity. With respect to working capital in the quarter we actually released $65 million in working capital against a revenue increase of $176 million. Our credit and collections teams are working hard to preserve our cash position. Moving on to guidance, our guidance for capital spending in 2009 is $1.1 to $1.2 billion. The budget includes: a) continued investment in infrastructure with an emphasis on the international market; b) incremental capacity for completions and production segment product lines; c) capital for new rental tools. We will manage our incremental capital spending for rental tools to match market demand while we build additional tools to service some of the key contract awards we won last year. Last, our tax rate for 2009 is expected to be between 31% and 32%. I would like to comment more specifically to the first quarter 2009. Typically we experience a seasonal decline in Q1 with a heavier equipment direct sales in our completions and ESP businesses. For example, you will recall last year this amount was about $100 million sequential revenue decline. The seasonal impact will probably be greater this year.  In addition, weather will play its normal factor in the North Sea and Russia. Unique to this year are the dramatic drops in the US rig count that have occurred every single week for the past couple of months. Pricing is also dropping while we typically experience about a 90 day accounting lag for product costs to catch up thereby squeezing reported margin. Q1 is difficult to pin down at the moment with so many downward indicators but it should be significantly lower in all regions. Ill now turn the call over to Chad who will highlight our geographic results.
Chad Deaton: The fourth quarter results were particularly strong in the Western Hemisphere despite the global economic slowdown and of course the eroding commodity prices. North America US revenue was up 26% compared to the year ago quarter and up 7% sequentially. Canadian revenue was up 18% year on year and was up 7% sequentially and a 5% decrease in rig activity. Year on year revenue growth was strongest for our directional growing completions and specialty chemical product lines and sequential revenue growth was highest for the directional growing and again specialty chemical. Our operating profit margin for North America was 23% in the fourth quarter that was down from 26% in Q4 07 and 24% in the prior quarter. In the fourth quarter we continued to support the horizontal drilling trend and the unconventional gas place with technology such as our G3 AutoTrack rotary steerable system and our FracPoint completion system. We are seeing some very strong growth in the demand for the FracPoint completion technology and weve now completed 520 installations for over 70 customers in a variety of formations. We continue to deliver value to our customers with new technologies like our Quatech PDC bits which are delivering longer run life through application and markets that were previously drillable only with Triclone or diamond impregnated bits. Q4 was a strong quarter for our sand control product line in the Gulf of Mexico as well as Alaska. Our artificial lift division also has strong sales in the Gulf of Mexico where activity recovered from the Q3 2008 hurricanes. Turning to the south to Latin America, year on year revenue growth in the region was led by Brazil where we had strong increases in sales for our artificial lift and directional drilling businesses. Revenue in Colombia more than doubled year on year due to the increased demand for artificial lift and drilling fluids and our completions had a strong quarter in Mexico and Venezuela. Sequentially Latin America revenue was up 20% compared to a 3% increase in the rig count. Sequential revenue growth was led by Colombia with increased sales of artificial lift systems and by Mexico with growth across our completion new production product lines. The operating profit margin in Latin America for the fourth quarter was 21% and thats down from 22% in Q4 last year but its up from the 18% in the third quarter. In the fourth quarter we continued to deliver a broad base of products and services in Brazil through our strong contract and market share position held by or directional drilling LWD MWD and drilling fluids businesses. In Mexico in conjunction with installing our equalizer ICD completion technology in the Cantarell field we successfully ran the first RE packer with is our oil based rubber swell technology delivering initial flow rates that were more than 25% greater than planned production estimates. Well continue to build out our infrastructure and integrated operations capability in order to support future opportunities in Mexico. Turning now to Europe/Africa/Russia/Caspian or EARC. A variety of factors led to lower activity across the region in the fourth quarter. Many operators are struggling to manage a cost base that has effectively doubled since the last oil prices were in the $40 range. For Europe, revenue declined year on year and sequentially due to weather and project related delays. Revenue for Russia and Caspian was down year on year but improved sequentially. Operators in Russia scaled back activity in response to lower oil prices, the valuation of the Rubel, a difficult tax structure and liquidity concerns. For Africa, activity in Nigeria was affected by rig delays. This was partially offset by increased activity in Angola, Algeria, and Libya. Africa revenue was up year over year and sequentially. We experienced strong demand for wireline and directional drilling MWD LWD and completion product lines in North Africa. Our operating profit margin for Europe/Africa/Russia/Caspian was 20% in the fourth quarter thats compared to 22% in Q4 07 and 23% in Q3. Middle East revenues were up both year on year and sequentially. Fourth quarter revenue improvement was let by our D&E segment in Saudi Arabia where our Mag Track NMR tool has been used to drill and more importantly evaluate wells in the challenging Manifa field. Our completions and oil field chemical product lines also experienced very solid quarter in the kingdom. Sequential revenue growth in Egypt was led by our directional drilling and LWD MWD business.  Asia/Pacific revenue improved year on year and sequentially. The year on year revenue growth reflects increased directional drilling activity in Indonesia and sequential revenue growth was led by increased wireline activity in Australia. Our operating profit margin for the Middle East/Asia/Pacific was 23% in the fourth quarter that compares to 25% in Q3 07 and 19% in the last quarter. Now looking forward its difficult to give specific guidance in the current market. However, Id like to comment on some of the activities and trends that we are seeing and that are changing almost day to day. In North America the use of advanced technologies and the unconventional gas place has led to production increases that exceeded demand growth in 2008. Looking forward, the recession, its impact on demand and reduced access to capital has resulted in activity and spending cuts by our customers. Operators are now cutting their budgets in order to live within their free cash flow. Drilling is already down 25% from peak levels with the Rockies, Southern and Central areas of the US being hit hardest. Vertical drilling is down 33% from peak. In comparison to historic turn downs today we are experiencing a steeper decline in the rig count than we saw in the four prior cycles. The unconventional gas place have faired the best so far with horizontal drilling activity falling only 10% from peak. Horizontal drilling in the oil sectors has fallen further.  We expect drilling in Canada to hold until the spring break up in a few weeks then be soft for the balance of the year. The unconventional gas place in British Columbia the Horn River and the Motney could be areas of relative strength. Offshore activity is holding up well, although lower gas prices do pose a threat to shelf drilling and deep water activity increases for 2009 remain in tact. In this environment we expect our production oriented product lines such as artificial lift and chemicals to hold up the best. The rig count should bottom in the second or possibly the third quarter and of course recovery will depend on the supply/demand balance for natural gas. Regarding Latin America we remain confident about our opportunities there. Petrobras announced an increase in their budget Monday confirming their plans to develop the pre-sell plays. We continue to ramp up our capability for activity and share gains in Brazil and in Mexico and after a few delays we expect rig availability issues to be resolved with Pemex and begin work on our marine projects sometime in the first quarter. To further augment our presence in Brazil we are investing in a new technology and training center in Rio. The new facility will become operational in 2010 and will include laboratory space devoted to drilling completion, artificial lift and geo-science projects that are oriented toward pre-sell reservoirs. In the Europe/Africa/Russia/Caspian region customers are under pressure to lower costs, improve efficiency and maintain activity. As in other areas, operators are displaying a preference for quality and reliability which are Baker Hughes strength. In the North Sea, Norway is expected to remain stable while the UK and independents will struggle with low commodity prices and reduced credit in a relatively high cost market. While near term prospects in Russia are limited we all know that this region has huge reserves and has an important role to play in the future of the industry. The same holds true for the Caspian area. It is politically complex and lacks export infrastructure but remains strategically important to the West. In Russia and the Caspian we will need to balance the near term activity slowdown with our long term investments in people and infrastructure. Activity in the North Africa area should remain stable being driven primarily by demands for gas in Europe. The Middle East is not going to be an end to the challenges. Saudi Arabia has announced plans to cut back oil directed activity but will offset part of the decline by increasing gas drilling activity in the kingdom. Cutter activity will slow as they conduct a reservoir analysis before continuing development of the North field. China is expecting to reduce activity offshore but is also planning more deep horizontal wells on land. Trying wrap all this up and in summary, North America has clearly been the first to feel the affects of the global recession and lower commodity prices. The North American rig count averaged 1,879 rigs for 2008 and peaked at 2,031. The average rig count in 2009 could be down 25% to 30% compared to the 2008 average or an average of about 1,300 to 1,400 rigs compared to the 1,879 we saw in 2008. Because the projects are larger and longer lasting the international markets will be slower to react. Weve seen weakness today in markets such as Russia the Caspian and UK. We expect the international rig count to fall as much as 10% in 2009 compared to 2008. In this environment we will manage our business to protect market share, cash flow, and near term profitability.  Despite near term cost pressures we also will not cut costs in a way that will jeopardize the future of the company so we will continue to invest in research and engineering, employee development and in the infrastructure well need to exit this cycle as a much stronger competitor in all markets. Given this outlook current consensus earning estimates for Q1 and full 2009 are too high. In closing, as the year develops well monitor our activity levels across the company in order to determine what further adjustments are necessary. In the long history of this company Baker Hughes has successfully managed numerous business cycles because our employees share a common commitment; to be an industry leader, a step up to the plate, met market challenges with ingenuity, hard work and dedication and I expect this downturn will be no different.
Gary Flaharty: Ill ask the operator to open the lines for your questions. To give everyone a fair chance to ask a question we ask that you limit yourself to a single question and a related follow up question.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from Jim Crandell  Barclays Capital
Jim Crandell  Barclays Capital: In 2008 you took a relatively cautious approach, you werent willing to bid on some of the big IPM contracts to the extent your competitors have. With a lot of business forthcoming with Pemex in Mexico and given whats happening in the business would you expect that to have a more aggressive stance in this business in 2009?
Chad Deaton: We would look in each market and determine whether we wanted to participate in that area. Obviously the two other Chicontepec tenders are coming up soon or the ATG tenders. We will participate in that. We dont want them for what they went last time. If we can get them and make money on them then yes well tender them. Were also looking at Algeria, other parts of Latin America where we have won several of these projects. Well take a look at each one of them, if they make some sense and we think we can make money then yes well take them on.
Jim Crandell  Barclays Capital: If we look at the business from a product perspective and look at the drilling and evaluation, $200 million of pick up year to year in revenues with I believe operating income being slightly lower is that mostly a North American phenomenon?
Peter Ragauss: It is mainly a North American phenomenon. If we look year over year, full year over full year, thats right.
Jim Crandell  Barclays Capital: How about quarter to quarter?
Peter Ragauss: Q4 over Q4 its both North America and rest of world, probably rest of world has a little bit less, North America probably had a little less decline. If you get in the detail, the rest of world it was all in Europe/Africa/Russia/Caspian.
Operator: Your next question comes from Bill Herbert - Simmons & Company
Bill Herbert - Simmons & Company: Given your prophecy here of North America being down 25% to 30% on average year over year and international down 10%, difficult question to answer but do you hazard a guess as to the evolution from current to trough margins in 2009, lower for sure but I guess by how much?
Chad Deaton: On rig count?
Bill Herbert - Simmons & Company: Based upon what youre prophesying for rig count the margin evolution for your business. In other words, current margins compressed by how much do you think order of magnitude as we progress lower 25% to 30% on average year over year in North America and 10% internationally?
Chad Deaton: I dont know that answer. What were going to have to do is obviously costs have got to come out of the business as rigs go down. You can look back in previously cycles in this industry and you can see that margins were cut considerably until people react then were able to build them back up again. I wouldnt want to try to give you a number. I just dont know it depends on how far this keeps pace and how long it lasts.
Bill Herbert - Simmons & Company: With regard to your current discussions with customers I think we understand whats happening with your work the more asset intensive business and pricing and where its going and that is considerably lower. Im curious as to whether with regard to your respective product lines what youre seeing on pricing; freefall, gradually lower, how would you characterize it right now?
Chad Deaton: Youve got to break it out by product line and you have to break it out by geographic area. C&P is holding up much better. Clients are moving towards more development and production. We have tighter supply in those product lines. Weve not seen the pricing pressure on the C&P side especially artificial lifting chemicals as much.  D&E its a different story. In the end there you probably go a little more geographical. If you look at North America, Central, Southern area pricing is much more severe there or pricing pressure than if you look at the horizontal or where the technology is the more challenging drilling less pricing pressure weve seen. Internationally again same thing, theres pricing pressure in Russia simply because of the activity decrease. UK similar thing. In certain parts of other areas of the world contracts are locked in and a lot of clients are saying when we roll them well take a look at pricing. Theres no single answer to the globe.
Bill Herbert - Simmons & Company: No mention of Block 31 Im curious as to where you guys stand there on that completion package.
Chad Deaton: We were not successful.
Operator: Your next question comes from Kurt Hallead  RBC Capital Markets
Kurt Hallead  RBC Capital Markets: Everybodys been chatting about protecting market share. Youre referencing your prior answer to Bills question about pricing pressures in different locales that being pretty obvious in terms of where the activity hits are coming. If everybodys talking about protecting market share does that concern you that we are going to see much more rapid and severe pricing declines in all areas, technology notwithstanding?
Chad Deaton: Yes, it concerns you but I think its also just fact. You go back to any of the last four or five cycles thats just what happens. People will then turn around and they dont want to lose market share. It will affect pricing and those with a strong balance sheet and good cash flow and what they can do to control their costs will be the ones that will survive it. Yes, I think pricing could be under a lot of pressure.
Kurt Hallead  RBC Capital Markets: You referenced the fact that a lot of these international projects have long term contracts. We talked to some of the other competitors about their business in the US; they could reference for example Frac business is 60% to 70% contract for the year. Can you give us some general sense when you look at your international business approximately what percent is potentially exposed to contract rollover? You dont have to get too specific Im just trying to get a general sense.
Chad Deaton: For the domestic first, what weve seen is some of the majors come through which the majors are going to stay fairly active. Were not seeing near as much cut from the majors when they talk about their activity for 2009. Some are dropping 15% some say theyre going to be even busier. Some of the work for the majors on the D&E side is fairly locked up under new pricing regime for the year. Internationally probably about two thirds of our business is under contract so youve got about a third rolling off which will be up for discussion.
Kurt Hallead  RBC Capital Markets: I heard some comments in some of the other conference calls about customers internationally going into this horse trading process price for term or price for volume. How does that typically work on the international front, can they come in midstream and say, lets spend it now but youve got to give of some price concession. Can you give us some color on that?
Chad Deaton: Depends on the client, depend on the area, and depends on the amount of excess capacity or service companies in that particular area. If there is excess capacity obviously the client is in a position to do that. In some areas the customers have tried it and there just isnt that much excess capacity and they havent been successful. It depends on the customer and again the capacity thats sitting there.
Operator: Your next question comes from Ole Slorer  Morgan Stanley
Ole Slorer  Morgan Stanley: I wondered if we could have a little bit more color on what is said in seasonality. ESP you said is seasonally strong in the fourth quarter a little bit down more than $100 million in the first quarter but still strong for 2009. What about other seasonally sensitive aspects such as completion or in the unit sales except for the wireline division.
Chad Deaton: Completions usually what we see in completions are weaker in the first quarter, large completion sales are weaker in the first quarter than the fourth quarter. Thats what Peter was referring to in his comments. In terms of equipment sales weve backed off selling a lot of our wireline equipment. Weve chosen not to do that and need it for our own internal uses. Were not really affected by that where as two or three years ago we were.
Ole Slorer  Morgan Stanley: You highlighted emerging as a strong company thats something weve heard out of every company thats reported so far. Who do you think will lose out; do you think it will be a consolidation towards the major players again in this down cycle? Weve seen a lot of fragmentation in a lot of product lines segments particularly in North America. Do you see any consolidation or are you looking for other ways of emerging stronger?
Chad Deaton: You look at history and this is whats happened in all these previous cycles. Today we dont know how long or how deep this one will be. Clearly theres consolidation factor that comes out of these. If we see pricing deterioration and things that weve seen in the last two, two and a half years where its really looking and recognizing revenue growth as a most important metric everybody looked at. Over 2009 and 2010 other metrics such as cash flow, return on capital, balance sheet strength, debt coming due etc. will be what a lot of people are looking to. Those companies with the stronger balance sheet, the good cash flow, solid products, I think those will be the ones that will come out the winner as this cleansing process, as we work our way through it the next year or two.
Ole Slorer  Morgan Stanley: No clear consolidation necessarily but taking market share.
Chad Deaton: Yes, and we look back at past cycles usually things will start coming online with much better value in terms of potential acquisition than what weve seen in the last two or three years. Eventually reach that and it looks like were marrying the bottom of something thats usually when I think people start taking advantage of it.
Operator: Your next question comes from Dan Pickering - Tudor, Pickering, Holt
Dan Pickering - Tudor, Pickering, Holt: Baker Hughes obviously went through a period of swapping from vendors to more Baker Hughes both from the international side as the result of all this FCPA situation. Can you tell us where you are in that transition and does that make it easier or harder to manage the cost side as step through the next 18 months?
Chad Deaton: Weve talked about it in the past. Weve gone from 300 or 400 agents three or four years ago to around 40 today, of the so called vendors you talk about thats been a significant reduction. Were mostly done with that. We continue with our DPA until April and our monitor this team until a year after that. Weve got a pretty good feel now for what our costs are associated with that.  You will see in 2009 that we will have some significant costs as we implement some of the procedures and processes that he and his team want us to see in terms of SAP globally etc. Peter and our HR group do have some costs that we will be seeing in 2009 as we implement that. We will come out of that in 2010 with those costs behind us and well have a team around the world that we wont have to worry about things like FCPA and investigations and agents again. Its been a long road, a long process but the light is at the end of the tunnel and when we get through 2009 well be in pretty good shape.
Dan Pickering - Tudor, Pickering, Holt: You talked a little bit about this in addressing one of the prior questions; youve talked in the past about the pumping business. Youre not in it; its helpful in some of these global IPM projects it would appear that values for that business have fallen a lot in the last year. How are you thinking about it now? Is 2009 a year where you make some steps in that direction?
Chad Deaton: Id hate to signal anything were trying to do. Youre right; I think there is five million horsepower in the US last time I looked and that is way too much to go into the next 2009, 2010 downturn. I do think the valuation of these type businesses is going to improve as we go through the year. It goes back to the point, weve got a good balance sheet, Peter and his team did an excellent job of getting out with the bond offering. Were in a pretty good position to watch this thing and again thats part of the comment well come out of this strong when it does turn. Well look at that and well look at other potential product lines.
Dan Pickering - Tudor, Pickering, Holt: Would you say the urgency level is higher than it has been given how things are playing out or do capital markets and the market outlook keep you on the same keel or maybe even more conservative? Chad Deaton No, I dont think the urgency is stepped up. Jim asked a question earlier about project management and IPM. Yes, you do need pumping to win some of those. Weve teamed up successfully with a company in many of these projects where we worked together with them. Some of these IPM type projects a lot of those were being done for venture capital groups or people that were looking for somebody to co-manage the project. A lot of that is disappearing in todays market. I dont think theres a real urgency that we have to go out and fill that void right away. Were going to have an opportunity based on what we see over the next year or two. Well continue to watch the space.
Operator: Your next question comes from Charles Minervino - Goldman Sachs
Charles Minervino - Goldman Sachs: I wanted to talk a little bit about Latin America. You guys have a very strong presence in Brazil that came through a little bit this quarter. Can you give us a little update of where you stand there and how you plan to participate in the growth in that market given Petrobras aggressive CapEx plan?
Chad Deaton: Weve got a very strong position there. Weve got 50% of the long term contract for their offshore drilling and LWD type work and we also have 50% from the drilling fluid side. One of the successes weve had down there is by having that strong presence weve been able to bring in the sister product lines on artificial lifts, completions, etc. Its one of the reasons why were opening up the new Rio technology center down there to specialize on sub-sell.  Were also opening up the Geo-science center down there with our acquisition of GMI and GSA. Theyve already been working closely with Petrobras were expanding that. Were very encouraged by what weve seen in Brazil and were very excited about what we see going forward. Their comment over the weekend that they were going to continue to fund these projects were watching that closely. We like our position there.
Charles Minervino - Goldman Sachs: Mexico is another one of those areas that could generally be better than other markets in 2009. Can you give us an update how youre thinking about Mexico in 2009?
Chad Deaton: Our number one priority, we dont necessarily control it, we were successful on winning the offshore contract was issued the end of last year, third quarter last year. We were due to start that end of fourth quarter we have not started it yet but we are geared up ready to go on that. Thats going to give us a good foothold. It was about a $450 million project. That positions us to be able to do the similar thing like we did in Brazil. Once you get in youve got to execute. If you execute then the client tends to give you more. Thats what its all about.
Operator: Your next question comes from Brad Handler  Credit Suisse
Brad Handler  Credit Suisse: Maybe I could just bounce backwards to a couple of the questions and follow up. First on Latin America, given the optimism about Brazil and Mexico do you think its possible that you might end the year with higher revenues is that a reasonable take away? Higher in 09 versus 08?
Chad Deaton: Yes. I would say that that is based on what we know for Latin America today that is the best of the four regions to be able to see that happen.
Brad Handler  Credit Suisse: In the US horizontal market given the strength in FracPoint and it sounds like youve penetrated as well in with your AutoTrack product. Can you give us a sense perhaps at how much share you think youve taken in US horizontal land? I know that maybe parsing it out may be difficult to do it that way but can you quantify that for us?
Chad Deaton: No, I dont really have that in front of me. I dont know the answer to that. I know that on FracPoint weve taken considerable share but I cant tell you from the horizontal drilling side what weve done from DD LWD side. I dont know that. We gained share, I know that much but I cant quantify it.
Brad Handler  Credit Suisse: On Saudi, come back to your comments about there is some offset or partial offset thanks to gas projects. Maybe I could just ask you to do the same thing there. What does your best crystal ball tell you about your revenue outlook in Saudi for 09 versus 08?
Chad Deaton: We know that Saudi is dropping from about 130 rigs to 107 or 108. Theres going to be less emphasis on oil thus dropping back several rigs most of that came out of the Manifa project. Clearly they have an emphasis towards gas. Gas is often times more challenging drilling. We do quite well there on the bit side as well as the DD LWD side. We could have a very good year in Saudi. I wouldnt say necessarily that weve going to have a better year than we had in 2008 but I think we could hold our own and be relatively flat in that area. Two thousand eight in Saudi if you compare that to 2007 which was a very strong year as well we had a lot of equalizer sales in 2007. They had a huge inventory in 08 that they were using up and by 09 this year theyll be back in need for some more equalizers. We could see completions do a little bit better and we could see D&E relatively hold its own in Saudi.
Brad Handler  Credit Suisse: If I remember picking up on that, I think you mentioned in the last call that they were warming up or maybe even had already placed an order for equalizers am I not remembering that right?
Chad Deaton: Weve sold some in there but theyre still burning through some of their inventory as well.
Brad Handler  Credit Suisse: So its maybe a little bit more of a staggered process then it has been.
Chad Deaton: I think it will stagger all year long. Theyve got some inventory still there and theyre trying to use it up.
Brad Handler  Credit Suisse: Your comments about lift and chemicals resiliency Im wondering if you could do the same thing for us is it plausible that in those product lines again you could even have a flat 09 versus 08 based on what you see today and your sense of how activity will skew?
Chad Deaton: Yes, I think we can. Weve been very successful in the last three or four quarters on winning several large artificial lift contracts around the world. One of the things that we are seeing in many parts of the world is fields are aging, theyre starting to increase on water production and so the ESP side of the business has mainly been North America, North Sea, some Latin America type stuff. Increasingly in the Middle East, West Africa we start to see that happening. ESP side could have an improved year. Chemicals as long as gas is flowing and oil is flowing they need to treat those wells. Yes, I think both of those could be okay in 2009.
Peter Ragauss: Chemicals was our fastest revenue growth business in 2008. Part of that we also had some capacity constraints in it. Were still sold out on chemicals. That bodes well for the chemical side. If anything performs well in 2009 it will be the chemicals.
Chad Deaton: Peter mentioned in his comments that when we talk about our capital spending for 09 one of the areas was in the area of completions and productions so thats adding some capacity reactors, etc. for the chemical group. The other thing that we could get a benefit in 09 is in 08 we were just chasing our cost inflation for chemicals etc. Some of thats come down now. We should be able to hopefully get a little bit of improvement in the margin side in chemicals.
Peter Ragauss: Not necessarily in the first.
Operator: Your next question comes from David Anderson  UBS
David Anderson  UBS: Some of your competitors you mentioned operators are shipping more towards development or at least planning. Is this a trend that were already starting to see coming through in your C&P results? Based on your product lines which regions in particular do you think will benefit from this trend?
Chad Deaton: Yes, I think we are seeing it. In fact, one statistic I saw the other day I found interesting. If you go back for Gulf of Mexico Q1 08 there were 127 rigs drilling and 14 rigs on work order. By Q4 this last quarter it was 108 rigs drilling and 34 on work order. Theyll shift quarter to quarter but I think were going to see rigs coming out and more development work or more work order work which that helps Baker Hughes a lot not only on the chemical side but also just in an oil tools completions and things. I think well see that in 2009.
David Anderson  UBS: Right now youre seeing P&D are neck and neck we should expect see the C&P pull ahead?
Chad Deaton: Yes, I think thats a fair assumption.
David Anderson  UBS: On Latin America, my understanding is that the service and equipment companies have been filling up the rooms at the recent Petrobras CapEx presentations and that Petrobras has repeatedly been talking about cost reductions. Can I get a little bit more on your take on the announcements, has anything changed in your outlook in the region in the near to medium term? The CapEx numbers theyre putting out there they seem to be putting pretty big asterisk next to them. I wonder if you could give us a little bit more color on that.
Chad Deaton: Weve not had any discussions with them. The most recent discussions weve have has continued to build out our infrastructure down there so we can handle these nine rigs that are, part of these nine rigs, our share of these nine rigs that are coming on the second half of the year. Thats been mainly the discussions weve had with them.
David Anderson  UBS: These pre-sell contracts that you signed I assume thats contributed to the strong Latin American 4Q results?
Chad Deaton: Thats correct.
David Anderson  UBS: You mentioned offshore Mexico contributing to first quarter results. Can you give us a sense as to how much incremental revenue were talking about and how that could progress throughout the year?
Chad Deaton: First weve got to start the contract. Once thats started Ill feel better about predicting that. We dont know when. We thought we were going to get started in Q4 and with rig moves etc. it just didnt happen. Were now trying to find out when the rig will be assigned. Unless that starts then well be able to give you some better numbers in terms of what we see coming throughout the year.
David Anderson  UBS: We should be thinking at least a couple hundred million in that range right?
Chad Deaton: A couple hundred million in the year?
David Anderson  UBS: Yes.
Chad Deaton: No. Were probably two year project of which theres a $450 million project we had two thirds of it theres a third that were not part of. As soon as we get started well give you a lot more detail.
Operator: Your next question comes from Robin Shoemaker  Citigroup
Robin Shoemaker  Citigroup: In terms of your comments about wanting to exit the cycle as a stronger competitor. It seems that part of that strategy is maybe to be a little more restrained on the cost reduction side with an eye toward that goal. Is that a fair statement? When you talk about a possible average of 1,300 to 1,400 rig count in North America this year do you think youre sized appropriately for that now or that theres more to come?
Chad Deaton: Im glad you asked that. I want to make sure and clarify that. I said that we wanted to be cautious on our costs when it comes to certain areas. That was as we highlighted on our capital expenditure program we want to continue with our infrastructure build out and weve got projects for Algeria, Nigeria, the Caspian, several international projects. Weve won contracts there that will be coming on in 2010 and so on. Were not going cut there; well continue to build that infrastructure.  We also talked about, I said in care on employee development and that is we still want to be recruiting in some of these areas and developing Angolans and Nigerians etc. The third area was in the area of technology we didnt want to be cutting in our R&D expenditure. Were going to manage it better but we dont want to cut there so that were strong in that area coming out. Other costs well have to adjust those as those rigs come down. We announced yesterday that were having our first 1,500 layoff. We all hope thats the end of it but we dont know. If the activity continues to go down then were going to have to take a look at that and adjust accordingly. I dont want you to get the impression that were not going to be watching our day to day costs closely. Its our long term costs that weve got to manage properly.
Robin Shoemaker  Citigroup: In terms of the international strategy in the new markets youre entering the phase two as you once called it, is there any part of that, thats a little less attractive now or not where you might have envisioned a greater effort but youre going to hold off for now.
Chad Deaton: No, I dont think so. Theres a combination of geographical exposure that we want, that we targeted as our top projects. I dont think those have changed. Its North West Africa, its the Middle East, its the Caspian, those areas that 85% of the worlds oil and gas sit in and we know well be there for the next four years. The other one was clearly deep water and these rigs that are coming out over the next four years.  Some of them may get cancelled and that may affect us a little bit but for the most part this is an area where weve targeted. We do very well on deep water rigs; we have a significant market share. We continue to emphasize that area. We wont back off many of these long term plans or phase two as we put it.
Operator: Your next question comes from Mike Urban  Deutsche Bank
Mike Urban  Deutsche Bank: A follow up to the previous question. Lets say the downturn does end up being much longer and deeper than you might think or hope. What would the priority be in terms of some of the infrastructure investments that youve talked about and want to push forward on in preserving the balance sheet in that kind of environment? Despite definition theyre kind of mutually exclusive so I would be interested on how firm you are in pushing ahead with those investments.
Chad Deaton: The infrastructure outside North America many of those facilities that were in the process of building off the ground and are building well continue. Well obviously take a look at 2011, 2012 looks bad then well have to make some adjustments. Well continue to invest in those through 2009. We do have about $700 or $800 million of this $1.1 to $1.2 billion that Peter talked about that is tied to tools, replacement tools, new technologies etc. Obviously that gives us a lot of room to bring those down if the market continues to go down well cut that area because we wont need tools or the bits etc. That flexibility we have. The rest of it, it comes back to managing cash flow and keeping cash flow positive and working within cash flow.
Operator: Your last question comes from Geoff Kieburtz  Weeden
Geoff Kieburtz  Weeden: Could we go back to your big picture in terms of rig count and can you elaborate a little bit on the underlying assumptions youre using to come up with that rig count forecast both domestically and internationally?
Chad Deaton: Domestically its a little bit of talking to the client, trying to get your hands on what theyre saying. It is changing daily. We put original plans together in the last quarter we thought that the rigs were going to drop to about 1,500 or so and obviously we now are predicting it could be a little further than that. Its a combination of talking to the clients, looking at how much excess gas is out there, and looking at some of the Haynesville and Marcellus horizontal wells coming in at 20 to 23 million cubit feet a day trying to factor that in, in terms of what its going to do. Its also looking back at four previous cycles and seeing where they bottomed out. If you look at it theyve all bottomed out about off a peak about the same area. Recovery was all different and thats more the challenge of what weve got to face with the day. We will probably see down to 1,200 rigs or whatever. How long will they last there? Thats the tough question that were trying to answer now. Internationally we havent seen the international rig count fall off much but again you go back to look at previous cycles it could go more than 10%. Weve got 10% plugged in right now to watch it. The one thing thats different about this cycle versus the previous four I lived through is we really are dealing with a global recession. The moods probably about as bad as Ive ever seen it anywhere in the world in previous four cycles. Its just demand instruction right now and how long that will last. The one good thing we still see out there is from an oil side still a lot of decline. Theres significant decline. Weve got to balance all those things and these are just what were playing with right now and trying to come up with our numbers for 2009.
Geoff Kieburtz  Weeden: In that context of uncertainty theres a little bit of contrast here in what Baker has decided to do in regards to headcount reductions, but essentially maintaining capital spending plans. Can you elaborate a little bit on the thinking behind that?
Peter Ragauss: It comes back to the $350 million roughly that we have in infrastructure spend. Thats about $100 million up over what we ended up 2008. Youve got to subtract that from tools and tools are down a reasonable amount.
Chad Deaton: Well adjust the two thirds of our capital spending be adjusted based on what happens with activity. The other third were going to go ahead and finish building out this because five years ago we werent building anything out and the company hasnt invested in some of the infrastructure internationally we should have. Were finally getting there. Were getting caught up in that area. Another year of it will put us in very good shape. The good news is weve got a good strong balance sheet. Weve got the cash and we think this is a wise use of $350 or $400 million. This explains that third of our capital plan. The other two thirds well adjust depending on activity.
Geoff Kieburtz  Weeden: Whats your lead time on that two thirds thats related to tools? If you said today Im going to cut that by 10% when do you actually implement that?
Peter Ragauss: Bits you can do it in five days. Some of the high end logging equipment everything else anywhere from three to six months probably.
Gary Flaharty: Weve reach the bottom of the hour. I do want to thank Chad and Peter for their time this morning as well as all of our participants this morning for your time and your very thoughtful questions. Following the conclusion of todays call both Jean and I will be available to answer any additional questions that you may have. Once again we thank you for your participation.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Thank you for participating in todays Baker Hughes Incorporated Conference Call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2008 Q3  (2008-10-22 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Chad Deaton - President, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman Peter Ragauss - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Office Gary Flaharty - Director of Investor Relations
Analysts: Bill Herbert - Simmons and Company.  Dan Pickering - Tudor, Pickering, Holt Doug Becker - Banc of America Chuck Minervino - Goldman Sachs Brad Handler  Credit Suisse James Crandell  Barclays  Kurt Hallead - Royal Bank Robin Shoemaker - Citigroup  Mike Urban  Deutsche Bank Geoff Kieburtz  Weeden & Co.  
Operator: Welcome everyone to the Baker Hughes third quarter 2008 earnings conference call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. (Operator Instructions) I will now turn the conference over to Mr. Gary Flaharty, Director of Investor Relations.  Sir, you may proceed. 
Gary Flaharty: Alright, thank you and good morning, everyone. Welcome to the Baker Hughes third quarter 2008 earnings conference call. Here with me this morning are Chad Deaton, Baker Hughes Chief Executive Officer and Chairman, President, and Peter Ragauss, Baker Hughes Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer.  Following managements comments, we will open the lines for your questions.  Reconciliation of operating profits and non-GAAP measures to GAAP results for historic periods can be found on our website at www.bakerhughes.com in the investor relations section under financial information. Finally, I caution you that any company outlooks discussed this morning are subject to various risk factors. We will try to highlight these risk factors as we make these forward-looking statements.  However, the format of the call does prevent a more thorough discussion of the risk factors. For a full discussion of these risk factors, please refer to our annual report 10K, 10Q, and in particular the forward-looking disclosure in this mornings news release. With that, I will conclude our discussion to the administrative details and turn the call over to Peter Ragauss.  Peter?
Peter Ragauss: Good morning. This morning we reported net income on a U.S. GAAP basis of $429 million or $1.39 per share. This includes a one-time tax benefit of $0.10 per share. It also includes a negative impact from the third quarter Delta Mexico hurricane. The total hurricanes impact was approximately $78 million in revenue, $50 million in profit before tax or about $0.11 per share. The Q3 EPS of $1.39 compares to $1.22 per share a year ago and compares to $1.23 per share for the second quarter 2008.  Net income for the second quarter of 2008 included a charge of $0.13 per share for litigation settlement. Q3 revenue was $3 billion, up $332 million or 12% from the second quarter of 2007 and up $12 million from last quarter.  North American revenue was $1.3 billion, up 15% compared to the year-ago quarter and up 3% compared to the prior quarter. U.S. land revenue was up 25% year-over-year compared to a rig count up 11% versus a year ago. U.S. offshore activity was impacted by hurricanes Gustav and Ike. Offshore revenue was down 14% year-over-year and down 19% sequentially.  The impact of the hurricanes on offshore operations of the direct impact was approximately $55 million in revenues. Adjusting for the impact of the hurricanes, offshore revenue would have been up 10% year-over-year and would have been up 3% sequentially.  Total non-North American revenue was up 11% year-over-year and down 1% sequentially. Both comparisons exclude the hurricane impact of about $23 million of revenue that was delayed from the third quarter.  Latin American revenue increased 19% year-over-year followed by Europe, Africa, Russia and Caspian Region with a 9% and the Middle East/Asia Pacific region where revenue was 8% higher than the year-ago quarter.  Sequentially, the Latin American region led again with a 7% revenue increase while revenue for the Europe, Africa, Russia and Caspian Region was down 3% and revenue for the Middle East/Asia Pacific region was down 2%.  Our oil field operating margin in Q3 was 22%. This compares to 24% in the year-ago quarter and 23% in the prior quarter. Excluding the impact from the hurricanes, margins would have been flat quarter-to-quarter which is in line with what we said in the last conference call.  Turning to the performance of our two segments, drilling and evaluation revenue was $1.56 billion in the third quarter, up 15% compared to the year-ago quarter and up 2% sequentially. Year-over-year revenue growth was strongest in Latin America, followed by Europe, Africa, Russia Caspian region and the Middle East/Asia Pacific region.  As was the case in the second quarter our directional drilling, drilling fluids and drill bit product lines saw the largest increase in revenue compared to the year-ago quarter. The drilling and evaluation segments operating margin was 22% down from 26% in the third quarter 2007 and down from 24% in the second quarter.  Revenue for our completion production segment was $1.45 billion, up 10% from the year-ago quarter and down 1% sequentially. Year-over-year revenue growth was strongest in North America and Latin America. Completions in oil field chemicals had the largest revenue increases compared to the year-ago quarter. CMP's operating margin was essentially flat in comparison to the third quarter 2007 and the second quarter of 2008.  To help you evaluate our earnings per share in the third quarter I will walk you through the significant items that bridged the sequential and year-ago quarters to third quarter EPS. In the second quarter of 2008 our U.S. GAAP net income per share was $1.23 per share. From this $1.23 add $0.13 to adjust for the Q2 litigation settlement, that gets us to $1.36 on an operational basis for last quarter. Subtract $0.01 for the impact of higher corporate costs in Q3 compared to Q2. Add $0.08 to adjust for a more favorable effective tax rate, subtract $0.11 for the impact from hurricanes and add $0.07 from operations. This gets us to the $1.39 we are reporting for the third quarter.  Looking at it year-over-year from the $1.32 we reported in the third quarter 2007, subtract $0.02 for the impact of higher corporate costs in Q3 2008 compared to the year-ago quarter. Subtract $0.01 for the impact of higher interest expense. Add $0.05 for the impact of lower share count. Add $0.10 to account for the benefit of a more favorable effective tax rate. Subtract $0.11 for the impact from hurricanes and add $0.16 from operations. This gets us to $1.39 we are recording for the third quarter.  Turning to the balance sheet, total debt increase just slightly to $1.63 billion. At quarter end our total debt to cap ratio was 19%. We currently have $1 billion in undrawn credit facilities. This is comprised of $500 million under a revolver accessible through July 2012 and $500 million under a 360 day facility we plan to extend in March. At the end of the third quarter we also had cash and short-term investments of $1.1 billion. This totals $2.1 billion in liquidity. We have $505 million in A1 T-1 rated commercial paper outstanding backed up by our credit facilities. We have had no problems selling commercial paper to meet our needs on a daily basis through the credit crisis. We have $525 million in debt maturities coming due in the first quarter of 2009. We are prepared to fund this debt obligation prior to its maturity.  During the third quarter we repurchased about 139,000 shares of common stock at an average price of $71 per share for a total of $38 million. At quarter end we had authorization remaining to purchase up to $1.2 billion in common stock.  Given the uncertain nature of the current credit markets, we will remain prudent with the use of our cash in the near-term.  Last, I will review the updated guidance for the fourth quarter of 2008. Our guidance for revenue growth outside North America is in the range of 14-15% for the fourth quarter 2008 compared to fourth quarter 2007. Our guidance for capital spending in 2008 remains unchanged at $1.3 billion. Our guidance for corporate spending and other for the year excluding the Q2 litigation settlement is unchanged at $270 million. Our tax rate for the fourth quarter is now expected to be between 31-32% and our tax rate for the full year is now expected to be between 30-30.5%.  I will now turn the call over to Chad who will highlight our geographic results. 
Chad Deaton:  Good morning ladies and gentlemen. During Q3 we continued to strengthen our position in some of the key markets around the world. Well walk around the world and look at these different regions starting with North America. Revenue was up 15% compared to the year-ago quarter and it was up 3% compared to the prior quarter.  U.S. land revenue was strong. It was up 25% year-over-year and an 11% increase on rig count and was up 6% sequentially which is in line with the 6% increase in rig activity. U.S. land activity continues to be driven by unconventional gas plays. We have provided strong demand for the directional drilling of LWD services such as Auto Track Express and Completion Solutions such as our frac point completion system.  U.S. offshore revenue was down 14% year-over-year and down 19% sequentially and excluding the impact of the hurricanes offshore revenue would have been up 10% year-over-year and up 3% sequentially.  The industry lost about 21-28 working days due to Gustav and Ike. Deep water operations had more disruption due to the time associated with moving on and off location. The non-moored deep water vessels did not return to normal operations until mid-September. The shallow water fleet sustained greater damage as most of the deep water rigs were able to move out of the path of the hurricanes.  Canadian activity recovered from second quarter lows and revenue was up 12% year-over-year and up 28% sequentially. As expected, a sharp rebound in rig count provided a strong sequential revenue increase for our D&E segment but also our C&P segment saw strong sequential revenue increase which was led by completions product sales.  Our operating profit margin for North America was 24% in the third quarter compared with 27% in the year-ago quarter and 25% in the prior quarter. The outlook in North America, last quarter we commented on our expectations for the arrival of newly constructed rigs in the Gulf of Mexico. We now see 21 new rigs entering the Gulf over the next three years and we experienced a very solid success in securing contract awards for these rigs. To date we won in excess of 40% of the awards that have been made for our products and services. These rigs typically generate in excess of $40 million a year in our drilling and evaluation types of services.  Looking at Latin America, revenue for the region was up 19% year-over-year and this compares to an 8% increase in the rig count for the region. Contributing to the year-over-year revenue increase was a strong quarter for our directional drilling LWD group in Brazil and increased activity for our completions product line in Mexico. In addition, our directional drilling and drilling fluids and drill bit product lines had another strong quarter in Columbia where revenues for the D&E segment were up 82% year-over-year.  Latin American revenue was up 7% sequentially compared to a 1% increase in the rig count and sequential revenue increases were driven by the same factors that impacted our year-over-year growth.  Looking at sequential and revenue trends, activity in Brazil supported strong increases for our DDL, WD and completions division and the trend in strong demand in Columbia for our drilling and evaluation segment continues.  The operating profit margin in Latin America for the second quarter was 18%. That is down about 200 basis points from the year-ago quarter but was up 17% in the prior quarter. As we said in the last call in conjunction with recent contract wins in Brazil and Mexico we are now mobilizing and incurring start-up costs related to these start ups which in the short-term will impact profitability.  In Q3 we incurred about $5 million in start-up costs on these projects. In addition, labor costs in Argentina have increased where the industry is facing some significant labor inflation. In Mexico we continue to mobilize under the recent marine contract award. Our mobilization is on schedule and initial well is now expected to spud in January, a delay from the original plan as the result of rig availability issues.  For the revenue for the Europe, Africa, Russia and Caspian region, it increased 9% year-over-year and decreased 3% compared to the very strong result in the second quarter of 2008. For Europe revenues were up 13% year-over-year compared to a 6% decrease in the North Sea rig count and revenue is unchanged sequentially.  In Norway, every product line posted some strong results year-over-year and revenue in our D&E segment increased 23% sequentially. Our drilling fluids and artificial lift product lines also had significant improvement in the region compared to a year ago.  In Russia revenue is unchanged compared to the third quarter of 2007 and down 8% compared to the second quarter. Revenue for Russia, however, excluding [inaudible] was up 18% year-over-year. Drilling fluids and artificial lift posted strong quarters in Russia compared to the year-ago period and sales in completion systems doubled in Kazakhstan compared to the year-ago quarter.  Sequentially, completions revenue declined for Russia and Kazakhstan following some strong second quarter sales for both countries. Africa revenue was up 11% year-over-year compared to a 4% decrease in rig count and was down 6% sequentially compared to a 5% decrease in rig count. Year-over-year improvement was strong by every product line in Libya and sequential revenue comparisons were impacted by the completion of the initial phase of what was a major contract in Equatorial Guinea that ended last quarter.  Our operating profit margin for Europe, Africa, Russia and Caspian was 23% in the third quarter compared to 21% in the third quarter of 2007 and 24% in the second quarter of 2008. In the region we have been awarded more than $800 million in new contracts during the quarter and that includes a $450 million award from BP Norway which included several product lines.  Middle East/Asia Pacific revenue was up 8% compared to the year-ago quarter and was down 2% sequentially. Looking at just the Middle East, revenues were up 15% year-over-year compared to a 5% increase in rig activity and Middle East revenue is unchanged sequentially.  The year-over-year improvement was led by drilling fluids, wire line, drill bits, chemicals and artificial lift in Egypt and record revenues for our directional drilling and LWD services in Saudi Arabia. Asia Pacific revenue was up 3% year-over-year but down 3% sequentially. Historically the Asia Pacific area received the least amount of focus and investment from Baker Hughes. For this reason it also offers up one of the most promising areas for the future.  As we focus and build out key countries we have realized success. For example in India revenues increased 17% compared to the year-ago quarter and that was led by completions, directional drilling and LWD, drilling fluids as well as wire lines. In Malaysia revenue was up 13% compared to the year-ago led by the same directional drilling, LWD and this time chemicals and sequentially revenue increased 21% led by the wire line and chemicals.  In Brunei revenue increased 24% year-over-year and doubled sequentially.  Operating profit margin for the Middle East/Asia Pacific is 19% in the second quarter compared to 23% in the third quarter of 2007 and 20% in the second quarter of 2008. Outlook for the Middle East/Asia Pac during the quarter we were awarded several contracts. We were awarded the artificial lift ESP system and the completion systems from Manifah in Saudi Arabia. Also in Manifah we have been called out numerous times to drill and evaluate the reservoir supply. Key tools included our 4.75 inch NMR nuclear magnetic resonance tool which was jointly built with Saudi Aramco as well as our test track pressure testing tools and in all cases we were able to provide the client with some much needed reservoir information.  Other recent key awards in the Middle East/Asia Pacific region included significant drilling contract in Australia, awards for drilling fluids and completions for [cairn] in India and a significant wire line contract covering eight expiration rigs for ONGC in India.  In closing, the near-term outlook for activity has changed over the last quarter. There are three issues that will impact the outlook for incremental spending. The credit crisis and its impact on regional and global economic growth and also oil and gas supply and demand fundamentals.  In North America several operators have already announced their intentions to lower their capital spending levels in 2009 and some have indicated they will cut 2008 planned activity. In the U.S. the rig count peaked at the end of August at 2,031 rigs. Since then rig count has declined 55 rigs. Gas directed drilling has fallen 69 rigs or about 4.3% and oil directed drilling is increased 12 rigs or about 3%.  We do expect to exit the fourth quarter with between 1,800 and 1,840 rigs down 190-230 from the peak.  Internationally we expect spending to maintain its momentum, although we could see a slowing of spending growth in some markets. Unlike U.S. natural gas, we believe the supply demand fundamentals for oil remain relative. The price of oil has been cut in half from its summer highs but it is still high enough to provide attractive returns to many of our customers.  Our strategy at Baker Hughes really remains mostly unchanged. We are well positioned to navigate through these issues. We have a strong portfolio, lean technologies and we have a high exposure to rig independent production related spending. We have a strong balance sheet, strong credit rating and a highly skilled, motivated work force.  We will manage our ongoing investment in people and the infrastructure and technology continue to position Baker Hughes for long-term growth and in doing so we also balance the need to invest for long-term growth with the need to safeguard the near-term performance. We will monitor the markets, watch discretionary spending and redeploy people and tools as necessary.  This market will, in time, begin to produce acquisition opportunities and we will continue to monitor areas where we can fill portfolio gaps or complement existing product lines or technology needs. There is no doubt we are in a position to emerge from this market as an even stronger competitor.  On a final note, as we previously described hurricanes Gustav and Ike hit Baker Hughes pretty hard in the quarter. We had a significant operation and manufacturing base in southeast Texas and Louisiana and I want to take just a minute and thank our 7,500 people that were affected by these storms. Fortunately we had no serious injuries to our employees or their families. But there were many employees that experienced some personal damage. Like so many companies in the area our people had to cope with restoring a sense of normality in both the personal as well as professional lives and wed like to take a moment and appreciate and recognize all your efforts.  Lets open it up for questions. 
Operator:  (Operator Instructions) The first question comes from Bill Herbert - Simmons and Company. 
Bill Herbert - Simmons and Company: With regard to your processes of the U.S. rig count being down about 200 rigs from the recent peak by the end of Q4, we think that is on track and likely you will see more unrest unfold in the first half of 2009. Difficult question to answer, but at this stage could you give us some sort of parameters and even hazard a guess or hypothesis with regard to impact on margins? I realize lower. How much lower? 
Chad Deaton:  I think the way to look at it, at the beginning of the year we were down 200 rigs from the peak. We saw this activity come on at the end of the first quarter with 200 rigs coming on. We started to get tight on services. Really, I think at the end of Q2 and Q3 we are at an inflection point where we were starting to see price move from many of our product lines and move positively. So if we drop 200 rigs in a quarter I think we kind of have to look at we are back to where we were in the first quarter.  Now pricing wasnt bad in the first quarter. Margins were good in the first quarter. So I think if it goes down 200 rigs we are going to have to tighten up. It will be a question of how much additional capacity everybody has added during the year which will take pressure out. But I think we will be fairly decent on a 200 rig drop. The next 200 rigs are the ones that are going to hurt a little bit more. 
Peter Ragauss:  The paradox of this is we are currently to date very, very busy. We are still turning down business in North America. I think it is a question of the pace of the drop and if it is slower than that then you wont see any effect. 
Bill Herbert - Simmons and Company: You have this dislocation between current prosperity and expected woe and you sort of indicated as to conceptually what you might do. But as you look forward into this sort of chasm or down draft what specifically do you plan on doing? Largely retaining your cost structure in anticipation of a relatively quick recovery? Do we pare back fairly significantly? Freeze headcount? Chop heads? Capital spending plans, etc.? If you could kind of walk us through some of the components of the game plan in the event of a 200-400 rig count drop. 
Chad Deaton:  I think there is a series of events that take place as you adjust to the market. I dont think any one thing happens. Obviously the first thing, and we are already doing that, is you look at your hiring. You never want to completely stop hiring recruits or college graduates but you want to temper that to what you think is going to happen so you start to back off on the hiring in North America. You start to obviously, which we have already done in North America, look at your day to day costs and start controlling the things you can. You start working and focusing on working capital. I think the whole industry over the last couple of three years has probably been less focused on inventory and receivables because everybody is growing. It is not the focus. You start tightening up there. You start following inventories. You start collecting your money better and get your cash flowing better and begin reallocating resources. As Peter said, right now we wouldnt want to ship any tools or people to other parts of the world because again we have been turning down work in Q3 and so we will absorb that but as time goes on we will start shipping some of these things to other areas.  We also as we see pricing pressure come to us we will also increase pricing pressure on our suppliers. So we start the supply chain squeezing down. Then as the rigs continue to drop you start adjusting your workforce as necessary. That is one of the things the service industry has done for many years and knows how to do. I guess the end game if it gets really bad and it is a duration for a couple of years or whatever then you start getting into that position where you consolidate areas. You close some offices. You bring facilities together, etc. So I think it has got to be that whole chain of events that takes place as you watch this thing unwind. Of course watch the economic factors and see if you see a light at the end of the tunnel. It also goes back, you have heard it from every call and you guys know it, we cant keep these rigs down forever in the U.S. or the decline is going to eat us up so you dont let it come to that. 
Bill Herbert - Simmons and Company: Remind us what percentage of your North American revenues come from Petro Light and lift. 
Chad Deaton:  Were not disclosing the exact number but we said meaningful. So I mean it is a pretty good chunk. It is a nice business portfolio to have right now. 
Operator:  The next question comes from Dan Pickering - Tudor, Pickering, Holt. 
Dan Pickering - Tudor, Pickering, Holt: Could you give us a conceptual first look at 2009 CapEx? You talked about being kind of prudent with your balance sheet but given the outlook as it is today where are you in the capital budgeting process and what is it telling you? 
Chad Deaton:  The one we can say, there is two sides to our CapEx program, one is the infrastructure facility type build out and the other one obviously is the tools we use to do our business and the technologies. The infrastructure side is pretty easy because we are going to continue with our program. We are going to spend roughly $300 million in build up facilities this year and next year we are probably looking at $400 million or somewhere in there. Again, we still believe our best growth opportunities come in many of these locations around the world where we need to upgrade or add facilities. So that is going to happen for the long-term.  What we will do on the other $800-900 million what we spent this year on tools, part of that is locked in for the next 3-5 months because we are building those tools and then we will look at it. If we need to pull down on that we will. We are going to have to adjust that as time goes on. You can look out six months and decide what you need to do. We are going through the budgeting process starting next month and that will tell us a little bit as we hear what our customers say. 
Peter Ragauss:  We are still very cash flow positive so it is not like we are facing a CapEx cut in order to meet cash flow. We can maintain our current CapEx or even raise it next year and still be cash flow positive depending on what the year looks like. We dont feel that pressure necessarily to have to cut CapEx next year. 
Chad Deaton:  We have been pretty successful the last two quarters winning some pretty big contracts. So we have a commitment to go ahead and from a facility standpoint put those in place and be able to staff them with tools which again can be moved. Facilities cant. 
Dan Pickering - Tudor, Pickering, Holt: Given the outlook for offshore rig deliveries, oil is now $70 and change. Any signals or indications from your international customers that $70 oil is going to change their plan and are you a double-digit grower in 2009 with $70 oil internationally? 
Chad Deaton:  We have not heard anything from any of our clients on offshore rigs and deep water that says they are going to cut back. We are still in the discussions of meeting the obligations we have committed to for those. We continue to see these 21 rigs come into the Gulf. We still see Brazils rigs coming in. We still see Europe and Africas rigs coming in and the clients are still awarding contracts there and we are doing quite well on all those. Im not seeing the deep water having an effect. It is hard to say on the international side what our revenue growth will be rest of the world just because you have to look at land Russia, etc. So Im not really ready to say what the percentage number will be yet. Again, we just have a heck of a lot better vision here in the next month or month and a half as we go through talking to our clients and looking at their budget. 
Operator:  The next question comes from Doug Becker - Banc of America. 
Doug Becker - Banc of America: You mentioned in Latin America start up costs were still impacting Brazil and Mexico. It sounds like the spud date for the project in Mexico has been pushed again. What is the expected impact in the fourth quarter here because of start up costs? 
Chad Deaton:  Probably about $0.02 a share. We are looking at about $10 million for Brazil and Mexico start up costs. 
Doug Becker - Banc of America: As we think about the hurricane impact into the fourth quarter you mentioned about $0.02 of deliveries were delayed. How does that play out in the fourth quarter beyond that? 
Chad Deaton:  A lot of the delays will get into the fourth quarter. There is a couple of shipments that had to be out of the ship channel which were marginal because they are going to very remote places. I think one of them was in Russia. So they have got a window there to get in before the ice comes. Im not sure where we stand on if that made it or not. 
Peter Ragauss:  That has another week. In other words we have to get it done in the week. 
Chad Deaton:  Right, and of course the ship channel was just backed up. A lot of the other should go ahead and be shipped and we will see some of that in the fourth quarter. 
Peter Ragauss:  There is still a little bit of activity as well. We arent up to 100% in the Gulf on October 1. Not all the rigs were up and drilling on October 1 so there is a little bit of spill over there from operations as well. 
Chad Deaton:  Some of the rigs that were four jack ups were lost so there is another rig that the derrick went in and a couple of those were very good for us. We had a lot of services on it so of course that is gone. That is not going to repeat itself. 
Doug Becker - Banc of America: On the U.S. you have been highlighting the [most durable] tools, have been highlighting the frac point technology. Is it your perception you are taking market share in those markets and are you able to do that? How does market share play out in a declining rig count environment? 
Chad Deaton:  I think we are taking market share in both of those. Clearly on the DD side we have turned down business there and we go to a lot of clients and say we have got the tools and they want us to work. We have been taking market share there. The frac point technology a couple of years ago we really werent in that business. We went from basically zero to a pretty healthy chunk of it now. Again, this is the horizontal frac point technology where we can isolate and they can frac that into ten zones and isolate each zone. It has been a real growth opportunity for us. 
Doug Becker - Banc of America: North American growth appears slower than the peers. Certainly some of that can be explained by higher leverage to offshore. Is there any other moving part that might explain that? 
Chad Deaton:  I dont think our North America has been slower. U.S. land was up 25% year-over-year. Im not sure anybody else was up 25% on U.S. land. Last quarter we clearly were up 20%. That was the highest last quarter if I remember right for U.S. growth. Our U.S. growth is strong. 
Doug Becker - Banc of America: I was referring to the third quarter. Certainly second quarter looked very good. 
Operator:  The next question comes from Chuck Minervino - Goldman Sachs. 
Chuck Minervino - Goldman Sachs: I just wanted to touch on the international outlook a little bit more. Im just wondering if you guys could give us a little bit of a sense of some of the regions or countries that are a little bit higher on your watch list in terms of potential slow down next year and if you are taking steps right now to prepare to scale back in those regions or if you have a plan in place to prepare to scale back in those regions if there was a cut back in activity? 
Chad Deaton:  I really cant think of an international country right now wherewe would do the same thing there each country by country that I just described we would do in North America if we saw a slow down. Obviously the U.K. we would have to watch. Again, I think it is more client related than it is really geography or geology related which is kind of like the U.S. Depending on the cash flow of the client and what their costs are will they stay busy or not. The U.K. could be one that wed have to watch. Fortunately right now we are extremely busy in Norway and with the big win in Norway we are going to need additional services in Norway which is pretty handy to support that out of the U.K.  Brazil again looksnothing has changed down there as of yet and Im not sure it will. Mexico continues to go forward. Saudi has probably hit its rig count and will hold on to that but we are staffed properly there. In fact we had to add a little resources in Saudi for some business we won. I cant go around the world and think right now if there is a country we are taking any action to begin to reduce.  Now we will have to watch the customers. There are some countries where clearly there have been some clients that have come in that have been private equity or small investors that have raised some funds to go in and they used the project management type approach to get companies to come in and drill those wells for them. Those are going to have an effect. I think those are going to be possibly hit just due to cash flow constraints. We are not big with those guys. I think that answers your question. 
Chuck Minervino - Goldman Sachs: I believe in your press release you said you increased Europe revenues about 13% in the quarter despite about a 6% decrease in the rig count. Im just wondering if you can give us a little color on what took place there that would cause that big deviation. Not the deviation but that revenues were up so much despite rig count going down so much. Was there a start up there or is it just natural operational performance? 
Chad Deaton:  I think first you have to be a little careful. We have seen over the years that we have to be careful how we tie revenue to rigs because any more like in Alaska and Norway and so many other places you are providing so much more service an drilling so much more hole on the same rig with that rig sitting there but it may be sitting there for eight months now instead of moving every three months. I think that is just a trend in the industry. You are generating a lot more revenue per rig. The big driver was Norway an a sequential basis.
Operator:  The next question comes from Brad Handler  Credit Suisse. 
Brad Handler  Credit Suisse: I guess I will stick with the fourth quarter outlook questions for a minute. If we rewind to last quarter when you were looking at your budget were you also forecasting something like 14-15% growth for the fourth quarter or has that outlook changed at all? 
Chad Deaton:  No, I think we are still probably looking in that ballpark. For the rest of the world you are talking about, right? 
Brad Handler  Credit Suisse: Yes, exactly. Trying to get back to what you mentioned in your release. 
Chad Deaton:  That is what we said we would be running in the fourth quarter. Actually I think we said last quarter we thought it was going to be a little higher in the fourth quarter so we have toned that down just a bit for the fourth quarter. Some of that is we anticipated we would have some Mexico revenue in Q4. That is not going to happen until Q1. There was some Angola slow down we didnt participate in and didnt get kicked off. So I think we are down a little bit from what we said in the last call wed be in the fourth quarter. 
Peter Ragauss:  A little bit of slow down, a couple more in the U.K. and cutter we are slowing down a little bit in the fourth quarter compared to what we thought. 
Chad Deaton:  Cutter has declined a considerable rigs. We did get extension. We were re-awarded the RAS gas work but it will just be less rigs than the ten rigs we were running. It was cut in half now. That has had an effect. 
Brad Handler  Credit Suisse: Your margins in CMP whether I add that to hurricane impact or not were really good it seemed. I was just hoping you could add a little bit of color there. Was the surcharge impact in Petro Light for example? Was this simply a function of mix? Something to help fill that out would be great. 
Chad Deaton:  The margins in CMP have held up very nicely. Again, they are not rig dependent for the most part. We have been very aggressive on bidding price in Petrolight. I think the guys have done an outstanding job there but they had to because they saw their commodity costs going out of sight. I think that has helped. They have been able to hold their own there. I think the other one is artificial lift has been very good and very strong. I think that has been able to help that side and we have seen some improvement in the completion side of the business. D&E has been a little bit more rig focused and clearly there is quite a bit of competition in the U.S. and others that have come in on the D&E side and I think that is why D&E for everybody is down a little bit. CMP for us as you recognize has been holding in there nicely. 
Peter Ragauss:  I would say in the artificial lift side and in chemicals we have been playing catch up on the cost increases particularly in chemicals. Obviously what has happened is a lot of the raw materials stopped going up? So we are kind of catching up to that and that is improving the margins in the short-term. 
Brad Handler  Credit Suisse: Has that catch up, I mentioned surcharges, but perhaps I shouldnt assume that. Is it surcharging? Is it price increases? Do you think you have the ability to hold on to some of the gains and have a leveling out of raw materials costs? 
Peter Ragauss:  I would say we are catching up on the lag. 
Chad Deaton:  To me surcharge is something that is temporary. We are not calling it a surcharge. We are saying getting our pricing back. We dont have any surcharges. 
Operator:  The next question comes from James Crandell  Barclays. 
James Crandell  Barclays : It was a little bit of surprise to me the looking versus the last quarter the revenues were down in Russia, Asia Pacific and Africa and flat in the Middle East and Europe. In what areas was this a surprise to you or did you anticipate this all along? 
Chad Deaton:  Russia was mainly Sakhalin Island if you look at the role of Sakhalin Island it is part of Russia but we adjusted for that. Sakhalin Island was very busy a year ago. A couple of clients have stopped there and there has been some slower activity there. Russia was actually up year-over-year so Russia itself I think is okay. I dont think it was a great quarter in Russia but I think looking forward we are in pretty good shape in Russia.  Africa doesnt bother me so much. We had a great quarter last quarter so sequentially you have to look at that. Africa we have had some good wins for some completion contracts there. I think Africa we just need to continue to push and invest in. We dont have there the infrastructure we really need yet so Africa we will continue to invest in.  The U.K. was down quite a bit. It was down for everybody. That was partially offset for us by very, very strong Norway as we said.  So I think those areas are okay. The one that clearly we have work to do is in the Middle East/Asia Pac and that is where our focus has got to be. Again, we have had some wins. We had last year selling a lot of equalizer completion pack equipment in Saudi. They bought up most of the stock and put it in their inventory. There has hardly been any of that type of sales. Very low sales through most of this year. But they have just announced this $800 million or $750 million completions award. That will start up in Q1. We should do quite well with that by all indications. I think that is going to be fine.  But we have some work to do in Asia Pac and a couple of other parts of the Middle East. There is an area that we are concerned about or disappointed in it would be MEAP. 
James Crandell  Barclays : I thought it was pretty exciting and interesting the fact you are now putting the sensors actually on the bits or are starting to at least in the test market in some of your rotary steerable jobs. Could you talk to that a little bit and talk about what may be the significance of this and how important that could be to your order track? 
Chad Deaton:  That was supposed to be top secret when you brought your people through. We gave you a confidentiality agreement. We are pretty excited about that. We have done quite a few tests on that. We are getting good results. It is proven to be very robust. That is not the problem. It is now getting us tied back in through the bits and the DHA and getting the data to surface. You hit it right on the head. We are pretty excited about it. We probably wouldnt have talked about it quite yet until we get a few more jobs in the ground but we think that is going to be a good break through for us. 
Operator:  The next question comes from Kurt Hallead - Royal Bank. 
Kurt Hallead - Royal Bank: Your reference point on the international growth rates for next year I think everybody was expecting mid teens. You guys were referencing kind of a mid teens growth rate. Maybe a little bit higher. You talk about a slow down. Since you are growing less than your peer group anyway does that kind of slow down definitively impact you or on a relative scale will you wind up closing the gap relative to the peers? What is your best guess on that? 
Chad Deaton:  I think it is too early for us to tell what is really going to happen internationally. What encourages me is that we have been very successful these last two quarters on some big, major international wins. Those will eventually start pulling through. I think without a doubt the end of 2006 and early 2007 when we were finalizing all of our things with the government and EPA monitor I dont think there is any doubt our focus was there trying to get all that done and we probably missed out on some pretty good opportunities and contracts and other things I think we are paying the price for this year and a little bit right now.  What is encouraging to me is the number of big contracts we have won and the number of contracts or number of awards is coming off of these deep water rigs that are being placed in Europe, Africa, Gulf of Mexico and Brazil. So yes we had all those things through and I think we should start closing some of that gap. We still have certain countries where it is going to be tough for us to participate and it depends on what happens in activity in those countries and response and how they operate. That will determine what some of the other growth rates are like. Again, I am encouraged by the wins we have had these last few quarters. They have been pretty impressive in our line and we should see some of that coming through in 2009 and definitely in 2010. 
Kurt Hallead - Royal Bank: There has been some recent articles about Petrobras getting a little bit more cautious in their development plans and reining some things in potentially. You are big in Brazil. What are you hearing? 
Chad Deaton:  We have not been told yet by them to rein anything in. So we stay in pretty good touch with them and the team down there every week. So far it is still full blast ahead. 
Kurt Hallead - Royal Bank: Your hurricane impact was twice that of your peers. I was just kind of curious was that just a function of your manufacturing facilities being so consolidated in Houston or Im just trying to figure that out. 
Chad Deaton:  I actually think it is the absolute dollar numbers and the share count that changes what it is cents per share. I saw the text from Halliburton and it was almost as shocking. I think their D&E segment was hit for $40 million revenue and $27 million of CBT and ours was $44 million in revenue and $27 million CBT and their CMP was almost identical to ours as well. I think [Somerjays] was pretty close to the same in the $70-80 million range. For the three of us dollar wise it was close. We just have different share counts. 
Operator:  The next question comes from Robin Shoemaker  Citigroup. 
Robin Shoemaker - Citigroup : I wanted to ask you have taken us through the end of the year on U.S. rig count of 1,800 or so and I wonder if you could postulate beyond that. Especially if you could comment on the fact we kind of had a plateau in the U.S. rig count in 2006 and 2007 at around 1,750 and obviously I think we are expecting it to go below that. Assuming it does where within the North American land and offshore rig count, gas and oil, do you think you will see the most cut backs and will we see the same level of cut backs in the big unconventional resource plays as in some of the other plays that are in the market? 
Chad Deaton:  I think the thing you have to look at is again rather than geographically or by base you look at it by client. Clearly we think the oil side is going to stay busy. I think that is pretty reflected in this last rig count drop. Gas rigs down 70 and oil rigs actually up. So $70 oil these guys continue to find oil at economic value that they can go ahead and drill. But if you go around whichever basin it is customers have a different cost base. They pay differently for their acreage. So I think we have some customers we talked about that we have talked to that have said at $6 gas they are still in great shape whether it is the Barnett or the Mercel or some of the others. There are other clients that already are facing some cash flow issues. So I think you have to go through customer by customer. We went through our top 50 customers and try to determine cash flow, etc. and that kind of gives us a feel for what percentage of those will continue to go and which ones may slow down for awhile. I think that is the way you have to look at it. 
Robin Shoemaker - Citigroup : I wonder if you could comment on the share repurchase plan going forward? As you know Halliburton indicated they were going to put their repurchase on hold and only do share repurchases to the extent of offsetting share creep. You have got authorization. Your stock is way down from where you bought it in the second quarter. I just wonder what your stance is currently with regard to your authorization. 
Peter Ragauss:  We agree the stock price looks attractive at these levels but our first priority is refinancing our upcoming debt obligation so we need to do that before we start thinking about any other uses for cash. We need to clear that up which I think we will do promptly. Our second priority after that obviously is reinvesting in the business. We still believe it is more important to grow the top line than shrink the share count and there is a lot more opportunity today than there was three months ago with respect to attractive acquisitions in terms of technology, geography and in terms of portfolio gaps. It is more attractive than it has been in years. If I had my druthers I would pick up something that would contribute to the portfolio rather than shrink the share count. We are going to be probably more opportunistic on that side than we have been in the past. We have been patient and maybe our day is coming on that front. 
Operator:  The next question comes from Mike Urban  Deutsche Bank. 
Mike Urban  Deutsche Bank: You have talked a little bit in your prepared comments and a little in the last question about M&A but at the same time in the past you have also spoken about restrictions or at least maybe some limitation on what you may be able to do or not do because of the DPA and the monitor. Could you go through a little bit what that process might be? Is there anything you would have to rule out? Is it a country issue? In other words would you be more inclined to do something in the U.S. as opportunities come out and maybe be a little more restricted internationally? If you could just walk us through that thought process on how you are going to approach that. 
Chad Deaton:  We have made a couple three small acquisitions which sets the stage so that we are working with the monitor and working with the DPA we know the process now. Obviously it gets more complicated if you are making big acquisitions with operations in multiple countries around the world. It depends on whether that potential target is operating in areas where they use a lot of agents and other things. That does complicate obviously our due diligence process. Buying a U.S. company that mainly operates in the U.S. is not a problem. It can be done. It would just have toI cant give you a general answer because it does truly depend on which client, competitor and which areas they are operating in and how complex it may be. But we have proven we have got a process in place now where we can buy these and we have a due diligence process that we can work our way through and as Peter said we think there is going to be some opportunities and we will take advantage of them if we can. 
Mike Urban  Deutsche Bank: More specifically, in the past you have talked and spoken to the interest in adding pressure pumping competence and you have done some things there on a smaller scale. As some of the U.S. spec capacity maybe gets squeezed or suffers a little bit is that something you would look at or does that not give you necessarily the critical mass you might need for the scale of your business? 
Chad Deaton:  I think there is definitely the critical mass out there. There are 2-3 million horsepower that is spread among these people so yes that is a possibility. 
Operator:  The next question comes from Geoff Kieburtz  Weeden & Co. 
Geoff Kieburtz  Weeden & Co. : Coming back to the international topic you mentioned earlier you see no signs of erosion in the deep water market outlook. Could you give us a little bit of a sense of how important that market is in terms of your overall international revenue? 
Chad Deaton:  I think we get about 65% roughly or 60% of our international revenue from offshore. I dont want to say some of these rigs being built may not get cancelled. When I say we havent seen any slowdown I am mainly talking about the clients that have the rigs and are already coming and delivered. What we are talking to now there actually will be work and that is the side Im saying we have not had any pull back on any of that award. 
Geoff Kieburtz  Weeden & Co. : In terms of rig construction being cancelled that would presumably impact 2011 and 2012, correct? 
Chad Deaton:  Probably not because most of these that are being built we see coming out over the next three years have pretty much been committed and clients have signed up for. 93 new rigs out there now under construction. That is up from 86 this last quarter. So I think that is where you could be starting to see those extra 8-10 rigs do they have contracts or are they spec and those may be under somethey are probably 4 years away from delivery anyway. 
Geoff Kieburtz  Weeden & Co. : Thats not a 2009 or 2010 issue? 
Chad Deaton:  We see 22 rigs coming into the Gulf over these next three years. A lot of that is work that has bee awarded now. We see 21 rigs coming into Brazil. We see 14 rigs coming into Europe and Africa over the next three years and again that is what will be generating the revenue for the next three years is those rigs. That again is revenue that has been awarded and if you add all those up we are sitting on in excess of 40% of what has been awarded so far has come to us. We think unless the client decides all of a sudden to get drastic and cancel a contract which would surprise me. These are long-term programs with customers that have long-term plans. I think this activity will stay there. 
Geoff Kieburtz  Weeden & Co. : The related question, outside of the offshore markets and Im assuming a large part of that 60% that is offshore is deep water.
Chad Deaton:  Yes a pretty good chunk of it is. 
Geoff Kieburtz  Weeden & Co. : Outside of the offshore component, do you have a significant amount of contracted visibility on the land activity? 
Chad Deaton:  Yes, it depends. Russia is not putting out long-term contracts on land. You get into the Middle East, Saudi has some contracts they have put out there but they are always subject to performance. If you arent performing it doesnt necessarily mean you are going to be on it. We dont have much visibility there. Latin America what land is there you win some contracts in Venezuela and Mexico. These are two-year type packages. 
Geoff Kieburtz  Weeden & Co. : So you kind of have a mix there? 
Chad Deaton:  Yes, a mix. 
Geoff Kieburtz  Weeden & Co. : I dont know if you are willing to give us any insight here but in talking about your infrastructure spend it sounded like you are sticking with the program. $300 million this year. $300-400 million next year. Is there any significant shift in the mix where you are spending that money in 2009 versus where you have been spending it in 2008? 
Chad Deaton:  Well it will be international. It will be increasingly becoming more actual operational base facilities. There are several in Russia. There are several in the Middle East itself. Several in Asia. Several in Latin America, Brazil and Mexico. I guess the difference in end of 2007 and 2008 a pretty good chunk of that $300 million was we did some R&D expansion on the CPI base. We did some expansion in our D&E technology base. We did a couple when it comes to the training facilities in the Middle East and others. I think what you would see is this increasingly becomes more beyond operational facilities. We are going to stick with that next year. We dont want to fall in the trap the company has been guilty of in the past and not have the facilities. We still believe in the long-term the activity is going to be there. We need to continue to build out with our long-term plan. As Peter said we have the cash flow to do it. We are financially in good shape and this is a good investment for the long-term side of it. 
Geoff Kieburtz  Weeden & Co. : You mention in your comments the Middle East/Asia margins were down but I didnt pick up on any elaboration as to why. 
Chad Deaton:  Mainly it is Asia Pacific. A couple of product lines out there struggled in Q3. It was mainly in the Asia Pacific area. 
Gary Flaherty:  I want to be respectful of other people who have calls scheduled. With this we will thank Chad and Peter. We thank everyone for your time and participation and your very thoughtful questions. Following the conclusion of todays call both Jean and I will be available to answer any additional calls you may have. Once again thank you for your participation. 
Operator:  Thank you for participating in todays Baker Hughes Inc. conference call.

===== 2008 Q2  (2008-07-22 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Chad Deaton - President, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman Peter Ragauss - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Office Gary Flaharty - Director of Investor Relations
Analysts: Bill Herbert - Simmons and Company.  James Crandell - Lehman Brothers Kurt Hallead - Royal Bank Byron Pope - Tudor, Pickering, Holt Robin Shoemaker - Citigroup  Chuck Minervino - Goldman Sachs Doug Becker - Banc of America Michael LaMotte - J.P. Morgan 
Operator: Good morning, my name is Christy and I will be your conference facilitator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Baker Hughes Second Quarter 2008 Conference Call. (Operator Instructions). I will now turn the conference over to Mr. Gary Flaharty, Director of Investor Relations. Sir, you may proceed. 
Gary Flaharty:  Alright, thank you Christy and good morning, everyone. Welcome to the Baker Hughes Second Quarter 2008 Earnings Conference Call. Here with me this morning are Chad Deaton, Baker Hughes Chief Executive Officer and Chairman, President. And Peter Ragauss, Baker Hughes Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Following managements comments, we will open the lines for your question.  Reconciliation of operating profits and non-GAAP measures to GAAP results for historic periods can be found on our website at www.bakerhughes.com in the investor relations section under financial information. I also caution you that any company outlooks discussed this morning are subject to various risk factors. We will try to highlight these risk factors as we make these forward-looking statements.  However, the format of the call does prevent a more thorough discussion of the risk factors. For a full discussion of these risk factors, please refer to our annual report 10-K, 10-Q, in particular the forward-looking disclosure in this mornings news release. With that, I will conclude our discussion to the administrative details and turn the call over to Peter Ragauss, Peter.   
Peter Ragauss:  Thanks, Gary. Good morning and welcome to the Baker Hughes second quarter 2008 earnings conference call. This morning, we recorded net income on a U.S. GAAP basis for the second quarter of 2008 of $379 million or $1.23 per share. This compares to a $1.09 a year ago and $1.27 per share the last quarter.  Net income for the second quarter includes a charge of $62 million before tax, $40 million after tax or about $.13 per share. The charges for the settlement of the litigation with Reid we previously announced in May. It covers a $70 million in royalties we paid netted against $8 million in royalties we received for prior use of certain technologies.  Net income for the first quarter of 2008 included a $.06 gain from the sale of a product line. Unless noted otherwise, we will exclude this quarters charge and last quarters gain from our discussion this morning. So excluding these two items from their respective quarters, earnings per share for this quarter were $1.36, up $.15 from last quarters $1.21 and up $.27 from last years $1.09. This equates to a 25% earnings per share increase over last year.  Q2 revenue is $3 billion. This is up $460 million or an 18% improvement from the second quarter of 2007 and $327 million or a 12% improvement from last quarter. North American revenue is up 20% compared to the year-ago quarter and up 9% compared to the prior quarter.  U.S. land is the big story for North America where our directional drilling, oil field chemicals and completion products led a robust quarter. We also saw activity rebound in the Gulf of Mexico. Together, these two markets more than offset a very typical Q2 in Canada.  Total non-North American revenue was up 17% year-on-year and up 15% sequentially. Compared to a year ago, the Latin America region led the way with a 21% increase in revenue, followed by the Europe-Africa-Russia-Caspian region with an 18% increase and the Middle East-Asia-Pacific region with a 13% increase.  Sequentially, the Europe-Africa-Russia-Caspian region led with a 19% revenue increase; followed by the Latin America region with a 12% increase and the Middle East-Asia-Pacific region was up more than 10%.  Our oil field operating margin in Q2 was 23%, essentially flat with a year ago-quarter and with the prior quarter. Pricing continues to be positive. However, pricing gains and productivity improvements are roughly offsetting labor and raw materials inflation.  At this time, excessive labor inflation is isolated to specific skilled and experienced positions as the industry continues to grow. Raw materials inflation has hit a number of our base commodities such as specialty alloys, copper and lead. Our chemicals product line has been impacted by increased costs for hydrocarbon based heat stop. To date, we have managed to cover these increases through additional price.  Turning to the performance of our two segments, drilling and evaluation revenue was $1.53 billion in the second quarter, up 19% compared to the year-ago quarter and up 10% sequentially. Year-on-year revenue growth was strongest in Latin America, North American and in the Europe-Africa-Russia and Caspian region.  Our directional drilling and drilling fluids product lines had the largest increases in revenue compared to the same quarter a year ago. The drilling and evaluation segments operating margin was 24%, down from 26% in the second quarter 2007 and down from 25% in the previous quarter. The largest contributor to the drop of the segments operating margin was the absolutely normal seasonal slow-down associated with the Canadian break-up.  Revenue for our completion and production segment was $1.47 billion, up 17% from the year-ago quarter and up 15% on a sequential basis. Compared to Q207, C and Ps revenue growth was strongest in the Europe-Africa-Russia and Caspian region and in North America.  Oil field chemicals and artificial lift had the largest increases in revenue compared to the same quarter a year ago. C and Ps operating margin was 22%, up from 21% in both the second quarter of 2007 and the first quarter of 2008.  To help you evaluate our earnings per share in the second quarter, I will walk you through the significant items that bridge the sequential and year-ago quarters to second quarter EPS. In the first quarter of 2008, our U.S. GAAP net income per share was $1.27 per share.  From this $1.27, subtract about $.06 to adjust for the gain on the sale of a product line we recognized in Q1. That gets us to $1.21. Subtract about $.02 due to a higher effective tax rate in Q2 compared to Q1. Subtract about $.01 for higher net interest expense. Add about $.01 for the impact of a lower share count. Add about $.04 for the operational contribution of Drilling and Evaluation. And finally, add about $.13 for the operational contribution of Completion and Production. This gets us to $1.36. Subtract $.13 for the litigation settlement and that brings us to the U.S. GAAP net income of $1.23 we reported for the quarter.  From the $1.09 we reported in the second quarter of 2007, subtract about $.015 for higher net interest expense. Subtract about $.02 for higher corporate costs. Add about $.045 for the impact of a lower share count. Add about $.05 to account for the benefit of a more favorable tax rate relative to Q2 2007.  Add about $.09 for the operational contribution of Drilling and Evaluation. And finally, add about $.12 for the operational contribution of Completion and Production. This gets us to $1.36. Subtract $.13 for the litigation settlement and that brings us to the U.S. GAAP net income of $1.23, again, we reported for that quarter.  Turning to the balance sheet, at the end of the second quarter, we had cash and short-term investments of about $1.1 billion that increased $75 million in the quarter to $1.62 billion. At quarter-end, our total debt to cap ratio was 20%.  During the second quarter, we re-purchased 51,000 of shares of common stock at an average price of about $87.00 per share for a total of $4.4 million. At quarter end we had authorization remaining to re-purchase up to 252 million of common stock.  Lastly, I will review the guidance for 2008. Our guidance for revenue growth outside North America is in the range of 14-16% for the full year relative to 2007. This is up slightly from our view last quarter, which was low to mid teens.  Our guidance for capital spending in 2008 continues to be $1.3 billion and we expect our capital-spending rate to increase significantly in the second half of the year. Our guidance for corporate spending for the year, excluding the $62 million net charge for the litigation settlement, has increased, primarily as a result of an increase in spending or implementation of the recommendations of our compliance monitor.  Our tax rate for the second half of the year is expected to be between 32% and 33%. And our tax rate -- sorry -- our tax rate for the second of the year is expected to be between 32% and 33 % and our tax rate for the year is expected to be between 31% and a half and 32%.  Finally, we expect our total oil field operating margin in the third quarter to be similar to quarters one and two. As you will have seen in todays news release, we have modified our disclosure to emphasize our two operating segments and four regional areas.  We believe this change will better reflect our management structure, give investors improved visibility of our results and offer better comparability with our peers. I will now turn the call over to Chad Deaton, who will highlight our geographic and operational results, Chad.  
Chad Deaton:  Alright, thanks, Peter. Q2 was a very good quarter for Baker Hughes. As Peter mentioned, our revenues increased 18% year-on-year and 12% sequentially. Activity in the international markets remains strong and supported a 17% year-over-year revenue increase and a 15% sequential revenue increase.  Taking a look at our regional performance, in North America, revenue was up 20%, compared to the year-ago quarter and it was up 9% sequentially. U.S. land revenue was up 24% year-on-year on a 7% increase in the rate count and was up 15% percent sequentially in a 5% increase in rig activity.  This strong U.S. land activity served to offset the impact of the expected seasonal decline in Canada in Q2. Part of what is driving the significant revenue increase relative to rig count is a favorable mix resulting in the increase in horizontal drilling. This especially benefits our D and E segment with increased demand for conventional drilling, directional drilling and our recently introduced AutoTrak Express.  Our AutoTrak Express was introduced earlier this year into the U. S. land market and is growing in customer acceptance. A tool, it is a fit-for purpose version of our pioneering AutoTrak tool that allows the operator to use a single bottom-hole assembly for the vertical build and horizontal section.  The AutoTrak Express tool includes all the directional drilling capability required for land-based applications without the extra features required for more challenging application. It is priced between rotary steerables and conventional drilling.  Within the Completions product line in North America in our C and P segment, increasing deployment of vapor oil tools FracPoint completions technology and unconventional gas place and a strong quarter for sales of artificial lifts, drove the sequential and year-on-year revenue improvement.  As for U.S. offshore, revenue is up 10% year-on-year compared to a 13% decline in the rig count. And offshore revenue was up 19% sequentially. In this last quarter, sequential revenue growth was strongest for our Wire line, Drilling Fluids, Directional Drilling and Completions product line. Baker Hughes Drilling Fluids is now on a record seven deep water rigs out of 43 in the Gulf of Mexico with its Realogic Synthetic Drilling Fluid, which is designed to perform consistently through the wide range of temperatures typical of deep water drilling.  In addition, Drilling Fluids has also just recently been awarded two additional rigs for Q4, deep water rigs as well as three new deep water, new builds that will be entering the market in 2009.  Canadian revenues were down sequentially, as expected with the seasonal decline in drilling activity, but were up 13% year-on-year. This primarily impacted our Drilling and Evaluation businesses, which were down 54%. The revenue impact on the C and P segment, however, was more muted with the decline principally due to lower activity in the Completions product line, offsetting stable performance in our Chemicals and Artificial Lift businesses, which are not significantly impacted by changes in the rig count.  Our operating profit margin for North America was 25% in the second quarter, flat year-on-year and down from the 27% in the first quarter of 2008. The decrease from the previous quarter reflects detrimentals associated with the seasonal decline in Canada as well as modest price increases in some product lines, which it essentially offset the impact of higher labor, raw material and transportation costs.  Revenue for the Europe-Africa-Russia and Caspian region increased 18% year-on-year and increased 19% compared to the first quarter of 08. For Europe, revenues were up 7% year-on-year and up 15% sequentially as the North Sea market recovered from weather delays in the first quarter.  Drilling Systems, Artificial Lift and Completions posted strong results in Norway and a recent tender award in Germany contributed strongly during the quarter. In Russia and the Caspian, revenue is up 39% year-on-year and up 12% sequentially.  Completions, Drilling Systems, and Wire Line led the increase in Russia and Completions led the increase in Kazakhstan. Africa had a very strong quarter with revenue up 20% year-on-year and up 30% sequentially. Year-on-year improvement was led by Angola in West Africa and our Drilling and Evaluation Group in North Africa.  Revenue increased both year-over-year and sequentially in Libya, where we had expanded operations and introduced a broader range of advance technology. Revenue in Nigeria was up 37% sequentially where our country-management approach is paying dividends. The sequential increase was lead by our Completions product line.  Our operating profit margin for Europe-Africa-Russia-Caspian was 24% in the second quarter and that compares to 23% in the second quarter of 07 and 20% in the first quarter of 08. Pricing and productivity gains in Q2 were partially offset by increased labor and material costs.  Middle-East-Asia-Pacific revenue was up 13% compared to a year ago and up 10% sequentially. Middle East revenues were up 13%, Middle East itself, was up 13% year-on-year, compared to a 6% increase in rig activity and Middle East revenue is up 8% sequentially on a 2% increase in rig count.  In the second quarter, we posted record revenue for directional drilling in Saudi Arabia. Significant Q2 contract wins in the region included Artificial Lift technology in Oman and Kuwait and Directional Drilling services in Abu Dhabi. Asia-specific revenue was up 13% year-on-year and also up 13% sequentially. In China, our Completions group posted its highest revenues ever and in Australia, revenue is up 34% year-on-year on increased activity for the Drilling Evaluation segment.  Our operation profit margin for the Middle East-Asia-Pacific was 20% in the quarter, compared to 22% in the second quarter of 07 and 21% in the first quarter of 08.  Latin America, our revenue increased 21% year-on-year, compared to an 8% increase in the rig count and year-on-year revenue increases were notable in Brazil, due to increased activity for our directional drilling and Artificial Lift product line, in Columbia with strong activity for Artificial Lift, in Mexico where demand for drills bits and Completions was strong and in Venezuela with increased activity of Wire line and Artificial Lift.  Sequentially, Latin America revenue increased 12%, compared to a 2% increase in the rig count. Form Q1 to Q2, demand was strongest for Artificial Lift and Directional drilling in Brazil, Wire Line and Completions in Venezuela and Completions, Artificial Lift and drill bits in Mexico and Artificial Lift and Fluids in Colombia.  The operating profit margin in Latin America for the second quarter was 17%. This was flat with the year-ago quarter, where it was down from 20% in Q1. Profitability in the second quarter was impacted by significant increased labor costs particularly in Argentina and on other operating costs in Venezuela, Brazil and Colombia, which more than offset pricing gains, that were made in the area and improved productivity.  Looking forward now to the second half, we expect increased natural gas activity to continue in North America. Several companies have announced their intention to increase spending and activity and Canada should continue to improve from Q2 levels. Horizontal drilling and unconventional gas place dominates the scene from Barnett, Woodford, Fayetteville, of course, Haynesville and Marcela Shell.  And the second quarter was first time in over a year that we saw an increase in gas-directed rig count that exceeded the increase in oil-directed rig count. This increase would particularly be beneficial to our Directional Drilling drill bit and Completion Product lines such as FracPoint.  In the offshore market, we may see some weather-related impact on the activity levels, either from the hurricanes or from operators moderating their activity during hurricane season, which we can watch Dolly today and see this is something that we are going to be faced with for the next few months and also there is a problem with some results of increased regulation in the Gulf as well.  The outlook for the Europe-Africa-Russia-Caspian region remains extremely bright. High oil prices are driving activity increases in some mature markets as operators are showing renewed interest in technically difficult and formally uneconomic prospects.  We continue to make good progress in Russia. The focus of activity has shifted from field rehabilitation to increased drilling to provide incremental production. With this change in focus, we see increased emphasis on technically challenging wells, horizontal drillings, wells with high H2S content, extended reach wells and some offshore drilling.  I believe we are well positioned to benefit from these trends with the Russian Majors as this activity shifts toward green field development in Eastern Siberia. In Libya, we are winning Completions, Wire Line and Directional Drilling work based on performance in hostile, challenging applications. Development drilling is increasing and we are seeing an increasing mix of horizontal wells with longer, horizontal sections.  The Middle East-Asia-Pacific region remains a major focus of our on-going investment program. We made some good progress in penetrating the Saudi Arabia market and currently growing above market rates in India, United Arab Emirates and Oman. In Asia-Pacific, Baker Oil Tools has been awarded a contract for both the upper and the lower completions on 51 wells for Senok and the Bohai Bay.  Looking at Latin America and Brazil, Intech was awarded a three-year extension of a contract, which encompasses 50% of the offshore directional drilling and LWDMW services in what is a very important and expanding market. The initial contract provided for a three-year term with the potential for two three-year extensions.  Our client has exercised their first extension option just one and a half years into the initial three-year term of the contract and this extension gives Intec the opportunity to continue to serve at least 50% of the offshore directional drilling market for this client in Brazil for the next four and a half years.  The value of the extension is approximately $700 million and I think this extension is an endorsement of Baker Hughes technology and of the performance that our team is delivering in Brazil.  Building on Intecs success in Brazil, Baker Hughes Drilling Fluids has been awarded a five-year contract for 50% of Petrobras offshore fluids and FDS business. The total value of the contract is estimated to be $410 million. And in Colombia, we were recently awarded a drilling contract in the very challenging Cusianas field, which will include some challenging, slim-hole, re-entry type work for a major IOC in the area.  We are making progress in expanding our integrated operations capabilities. In the second quarter, we were awarded a significant 15 well marine project in Mexico in which we will provide integrated drilling and completion services. The total contract value for this two-year project is approximately $460 million.  Under this contract, Pemex will provide the rigs and tubulars and Baker Hughes will coordinate all other services. There is no doubt that these are going to be very challenging wells to drill, but we feel we have adequately address the risks of the contract and we have shown that in other areas of the world, we have proven our ability to drill these types of wells.  We are mobilizing on this contract now and will incur some start-up costs in quarter three as well as quarter four and the project should begin generating revenue in the fourth quarter.  Obviously, we are pretty excited about the recent contract wins in Brazil and Mexico and clearly we have a lot of momentum building in Latin America. Start-up and mobilization costs for our project in Mexico and for the Drilling Fluids contract in Brazil will have some impact on profitability in the second half of this year.  Going forward, activity will increase in Brazil, Venezuela, Mexico, Colombia and Argentina. Much of this activity will present unique opportunities as operators address some high-temperature, high-pressure regimes. Also, the challenges of accepting and producing sub-salt reserves, also the need to sustain declining production from existing reservoirs.  As I mentioned, we strengthen our integrated operation capabilities in this region as well as other parts of the world in order to respond to what we view as an on-going demand for integrated services as operators work to accelerate expiration and development plans and we see increased opportunities for strategic, technical cooperation, which would be enhanced by our recent acquisitions of Gas Decline Associates as well as Geo Mechanics International.  So, in closing, the current outlook for North America and international markets is quite good. We are encouraged by the increase in U.S. land activity we saw in the second quarter and the increased capital budgets and activity forecasts of our customers indicate that the trend should continue in the second half of the year. The market is eagerly anticipating the delivery of additional rigs into the offshore market and these rigs provide significant opportunities for Baker Hughes.  We expect to see 36 offshore rigs entering the market this year, including 13 new deep-water rigs, 11 of them are semis and two are drill shifts and this should increase the active deep-water fleet by the 13 up to 175. We expect 23 deep-water rigs to enter service in 2009, with additional deep-water rigs coming on through 2010 and 2011.  The deep-water rigs are a premiere growth area and operators are beginning to already commit to work. For example, operators have now awarded a little more than a third of the work associated with the 16 rigs slated for service in the Gulf of Mexico over the next two and a half years.  Worldwide, for all our markets, we are now tracking around $11 billion in contracts, which have yet to be awarded. So overall, yes, Q2 was a very good quarter for us and one in which we benefited from a very favorable activity mix.  This favorable mix most likely will not repeat in the third quarter, but we do expect Q3 to be a bit better than the second quarter and we expect fourth quarter to be much stronger than that. At that, I will turn it over to Gary for open it up for questions. 
Gary Flaharty: Alright, thank you, Chad. At this point, I will ask Christy to open the lines for your question. As is our usual practice, to give everyone a fair chance to ask a question, we ask that you limit yourself to a single question and a related follow-up question. Christy, could we have the first question please. 
Operator:  Yes, sir. Your first question comes from the line of Bill Herbert of Simmons and Company. 
Gary Flaharty: Good morning, Bill. 
Bill Herbert - Simmons & Company: Hey, thanks. Good morning, guys. Chad, on the Pemex contract, that is being split with B.J., right? 
Chad Deaton: That is correct. They have the fluids and cementing. 
Bill Herbert - Simmons & Company: Right, so is it 50-50? 
Chad Deaton: No, it is about 65%, 70% for Baker Hughes and the balance for B.J. 
Bill Herbert - Simmons & Company: Okay, great and then with regard to the timing of the rig ramp, by when do you get to the 15th rig?  
Chad Deaton: Well, there are 15 wells --
Bill Herbert - Simmons & Company: I mean 15 wells.  
Chad Deaton: Seven --
Bill Herbert - Simmons & Company: Yes, sorry. 
Chad Deaton:  Seven rigs and they will just ramp up. We should be in the early -- the end of the third quarter, early fourth quarter, we will begin to start on the first rig and it will just ramp up from there. 
Bill Herbert - Simmons & Company:  Okay and do you have handy what the magnitude of expected start-up costs are for all of these Latin American projects? 
Chad Deaton: We are probably looking at about $10 to $12 million a quarter. 
Bill Herbert - Simmons & Company: For the next two quarters? 
Chad Deaton: Correct. 
Bill Herbert - Simmons & Company: Okay and then that should tail off, right? 
Chad Deaton: Yes. 
Bill Herbert - Simmons & Company: Okay. 
Chad Deaton: You, know you can look at it just like the Brazil startup when all that started up and for the directional drilling side and it took several quarters to work through that. That was a much bigger start-up, though. 
Bill Herbert - Simmons & Company: Okay and then the last one for me is just a question for Peter. I think I heard you say, Peter that margins for Q3 flat with Q2, and I am just curious with a recovering Canada, the offsetting negatives are these -- is the ramp in Latin America in terms of cost or what? 
Peter Ragauss:  That and we are also investing , you will have noticed in the press release we are ramping up our hiring of people.
Bill Herbert - Simmons & Company:   Yes, yes. 
Peter Ragauss:  And also we mentioned the corporate expenses will be up a little bit. 
Bill Herbert - Simmons & Company: Okay, great. Thanks very much, guys. 
Operator:  Your next question comes from the line of James Crandell of Lehman Brothers. 
James Crandell - Lehman Brothers: Good morning, everybody. 
Gary Flaharty:  Good morning, Jim. 
Chad Deaton:  Good morning, Jim. 
James Crandell - Lehman Brothers:  Chad, congratulations on the good earnings and those big contract wins. 
Chad Deaton:  Thank you. 
James Crandell - Lehman Brothers:  Chad, as you look at international growth over the remainder this year, but particularly in 09, do you see it accelerating on a year-to-year basis versus what you have highlighted for 2008?
Chad Deaton:  Well, yes I do, Jim. I think we will probably exit this year in the high teens year-on-year international growth and we think that will carry on over. I think we got the opportunities for pricing improvement in next year, which will add to some of that growth, so yes I think we are accelerating.  The other thing is we have, over these last two or three quarters, we have learned, especially on the international, regarding on some of these tendering packages regarding our compliance program and working with the monitors. So I think we have learned a lot on how to tender these and how to handle them and what to go after.  So, I think we are just in a much better position these last quarter or two than where we were three or four quarters ago of understanding what we needed to do. 
James Crandell - Lehman Brothers:  Do you think it is too optimistic, Chad, to look at all the deep water rigs coming on, look at your contract wins in Brazil and Mexico and think that you could have international growth in 2009 that could be 20% or better? 
Chad Deaton:  I do not think that is unreasonable, I mean, a lot of it depends on the start-up of these, Jim, and what else we will win in the meantime, these next six months. Like I said, there are $11 billion worth of tenders sitting out there. Some of them have been tendered, some of them have not yet and so how those roll in and we will get much more clarity on that, obviously over the next few months. 
James Crandell - Lehman Brothers:  Okay and just as a follow-up, can you comment, perhaps, in a little bit more detail in the U.S. market on your prospects for getting real price improvement over the cost increases your are experiencing for your different product lines. 
Chad Deaton:  Yes, well let us take a few of the areas, there. Artificial Lift is already getting some good pricing above the cost, so they had a very good quarter and a lot of that was through price and I think that will continue.  We are seeing price improvement or getting price in the drilling side, mainly for labor right now, but with the demand that seems to continue to be called on us right now, especially on the horizontal side.  I think as the year goes on, we will see some benefit there on price. Petrolife, the chemical side has had significant price increase this last quarter and in the first quarter. The problem is they have also had significant raw material, hydrocarbon-based material costs that have just gone out of sight. We have been able to keep up with that in Q3, Q4. We will continue to raise prices and hopefully, we can outrun that.  Completions, for certain part of the completions business, North America we have seen some improvement in price and I think the second half can be better in that area as well. And then bits will be kind of regional, depending on where in North America, some areas will be still competitive, others I think we have some room there for some price. 
James Crandell - Lehman Brothers: Okay. Thank you. 
Chad Deaton:  You bet. 
Operator:  Your next question comes from the line of Kurt Hallead of Royal Bank. 
Kurt Hallead - Royal Bank:  Hey, good morning
Gary Flaharty:  Good morning, Kirk
Chad Deaton:  Good morning
Kurt Hallead - Royal Bank:  Great, I just wanted to get a general sense about a couple of different earnings report coming out before you and some of your competitors were already talking about price points that were 10 to 15% higher in North America and 15% higher out in the international market and I just wanted to see how that kind of jives with your view of the world. 
Chad Deaton: Yes, I heard a 15% price improvement. You know, Kirk, if we could get 15% price improvement weighted average, our margins would jump out of sight. I think everybodys would. We just do not see 15% price improvement, internationally or domestic happening. I think there is room going forward that we would see price improvement, but I just do not buy those numbers. 
Kurt Hallead - Royal Bank:  Yes, I think those were gross, obviously not net, but nonetheless, okay. Your comment here about modest up tick in the international growth rate for 2006, I am not sure if we heard you correctly about progressing out into next year in looking at a kind of a high teens growth rate, did I understand that correctly? 
Chad Deaton:  Yes, that is correct? 
Kurt Hallead - Royal Bank: Okay and, Chad, what do you think the shift is here, you may have already discussed it a little bit, but is it solely your view on offshore rigs coming into the market or the new projects you are taking on or is there underlying increase in the spending plan? 
Chad Deaton:  Well, I think I feel as good about West Africa as I have felt in the last two years when you look at it and you go through our success in Africa in the second quarter. And Nigeria was up strong, Algeria was strong, Libya was up very strong, Angola, you know, there is a big tender there we are anxiously waiting for that would make a big difference for whoever gets that. So, I think one of the benefits in 09 over 08 is just going to be our West Africa performance.  I think Russia will be better in 09 and we are pretty well positioned in Russia. We have some work to do in the Middle East, you know, with an area where we continue to invest and I think in one sense, it could be a problem, but I look at it as being an opportunity.  It is a great opportunity for us, so I think that 09 will be a year that we could continue to penetrate the Middle East like what we have penetrated Saudi and Oman and Qatar and some of these other countries and continue that 09 and that is going to benefit us for our international growth as well and of course, Latin America will really be an 09 event.  Not so much on drilling services in Brazil because we already have already 50% of that business so that will just continue to ramp, but the Drilling Fluids will be much bigger for us in Brazil in 09 and, of course, Mexico will be a major player for us in 09. Those are where we are kind of putting our numbers. That, plus the fact that the offshore rigs as they come on in the fourth quarter and through next year, we think we will do quite well with those. 
Kurt Hallead - Royal Bank:  Just in Mexico, what kind of margin drag is the startup in Mexico for the back half of the year?
Peter Ragauss:  Well, we are not going to have positive margins in Mexico in the second quarter, but we believe that we will be back to positive margins in the third quarter as the project starts up. And then it will get better as the quarters roll on.
Kurt Hallead - Royal Bank:  Okay, great. Good color. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ole Slorer of Morgan Stanley.
Ole Slorer - Morgan Stanley: Thank you.
Chad Deaton:  Good morning Ole.
Ole Slorer - Morgan Stanley: Good morning and congratulations on these margins.
Chad Deaton:  Thanks Ole.
Ole Slorer - Morgan Stanley: How do you feel about your business compared to say a year ago and two years ago when we had capacities using completion, there was shortage of personnel in your wireline division, drilling services was still struggling and you were still hiring (inaudible) from people so there is still a lot of work to do to grow the company. But, do you feel ahead of the hump here in terms of the cost to income ratio as we go forward?
Chad Deaton:  Well, I do not know if you ever get ahead of the hump. As Peter said, we are bringing on another 3,000 in the second half of this year. So, we go back to this point that it takes them a little while for their productivity to get in place. But if you look at are margins, our margins have stayed in there at the 23%. As Peter said the other day, he has been here a year and a half, two years now and when he came, we were a $2 billion a quarter, and we are $3 billion today and our margins are holding in there. We have added about 10,000 people or 9,000 people I guess during that time. So, going forward, I think we are kind of back where we were two years, two and a half years ago, this is kind of the second wind, I think a second leg of activity that is coming on globally as well as domestically.
Ole Slorer - Morgan Stanley: Do you feel you are ready for that now?
Chad Deaton:  Yes. Yes. I think we are ready for it. I think from the manufacturing standpoint, remember going into it about two, three years ago Ole, we were a company that was spending about $300 million of Cap-Ex a year.  These last couple of years we spent $1.1 billion and $1.3 billion, so we have continued to build out infrastructure tools and continue to bring on the right people. So, yes, I have no qualms, I know where you are coming from because we talked about it; I have no qualms to handle the offshore rigs coming in at all. We have already been tracking these rigs, the Gulf of Mexico there are 16 rigs coming in over the next probably about the next two to three quarters. Clients have already started to issue contracts out of -- we estimate the TAM for our services on those 16 rigs at about $550 million, about $200 million of it has already been awarded. We show we have about 35% of what has been awarded. So already, and again, these are three, four quarters out, some of them, before they roll in. So already we know what rigs we are going to be on and we can start assigning people as it gets closer. 
Ole Slorer - Morgan Stanley: Yes. And the visibility is pretty good at the moment. So you feel you are ready for it, that is good to hear.
Chad Deaton:  Yes. 
Ole Slorer - Morgan Stanley: You highlight the flat sequential margin and if I heard correctly, you indicate that the first quarter should be a little better than the third quarter?
Chad Deaton: Yes, that is the way we are modeling it now or we see it now. We think Q4 looks pretty strong.
Ole Slorer - Morgan Stanley: And the timing there, is that offshore versus onshore? Is it Mexico, Latin America starting up and taking effect, what is it that gives you this confidence?
Chad Deaton:  It is all over from North America to West Africa to Latin America to Russia. It is really coming in from everywhere.
Ole Slorer - Morgan Stanley: When you say a lot stronger, can you give a little bit more color?
Chad Deaton:  Well, I just did. I said it would be much stronger.
Ole Slorer - Morgan Stanley: Okay. Okay. I guess I am fighting too hard. Well, thank you very much.
Chad Deaton:  You bet.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Byron Pope of Tudor, Pickering, Holt.
Byron Pope - Tudor, Pickering, Holt: Now that you are providing operating margins by regions, Chad, could you give us a feel, I know you have got mix issues in different regions, but could you give us a feel for how we should think about the ability to bring home incremental margins in your international markets over time?
Chad Deaton:  You are talking about margins in general or just how we are going to improve incremental margins?
Byron Pope - Tudor, Pickering, Holt: Just thinking about the incremental earnings, incremental margins capability in your various international regions. And again, I know you have mix issues by region. But just trying to think about the incremental profits that you can drive home with incremental dollar of revenues in some of your international markets.
Chad Deaton:  Well, I think Latin America, I expect to see, once you kind of get the startup in Mexico and the drilling through with Brazil, but I think Latin America is going to show very good incrementals. We have got the Brazil stuff for drilling behind us and we are adding -- we continue to go from 13 rigs to 17 rigs in terms of build out. So we do have some. But I think Latin America incrementals will do fine. I think West Africa should do well. I think Europe is a little bit like North America just activity dependent and what takes place. We have some nice contracts in your Europe. I think our challenge is still, as I mentioned earlier, I still think we have got to work on the Middle East/Asia Pac.  This is the one area where we had some strong, strong revenues out of the Middle East mainly because of what we did in the past on completions or equalizer and of course the ramp up in Saudi with all the directional drilling where we were really nonexistent there four years ago. So the last couple of years we saw some great increases there we got to overcome.  If you look at our incrementals this quarter as well as last quarter and look at it as a company group, so far we are the highest incremental this quarter. And I think we were second highest or close to second highest last quarter out of our peer group, out of six that we track. So I think you look at it globally, I think our incrementals are strong as anywhere. And if you look at it regionally we got to work on the Middle East.
Byron Pope - Tudor, Pickering, Holt:  And then just one follow up question with regard to North America. Given the strength of your sequential revenue improvement in US land and US Gulf of Mexico, is it fair to think that operating margins in those two areas within North America were up sequentially? So basically North America ex Canada up margins, North America would have been up sequentially?
Chad Deaton:  Well they were definitely offshore. I could tell you here. Down just slightly on land. Up quite a bit offshore. Combined they were up. For US they were up. Yes.
Byron Pope - Tudor, Pickering, Holt:  Okay. Thanks.
Operator:  Your next question comes from the line Robin Shoemaker of Citigroup.
Robin Shoemaker - Citigroup:  Yes good morning. Chad, I was wondering if you could update us as you have on prior calls about your -- the transformation under way in your international sales organization. And you greatly reduced the number of agents. How far along are we in that process? Are we fully through it and what do you think the residual impact is at this point?
Chad Deaton:  Well, Robin I think where we are today. Again we have gone from about 600 commercial agents, processing agents and commercial agents. Even as we focused on the commercial side we have gone from roughly 600 a few years ago to around 50 give or take handful today. Some are required in certain countries. And the other countries we continue to try to reduce where we can. So I think we may get that down a little bit more. I think more -- we are just so much better in terms of how to handle these agents and our processes are much better. Our procedures -- we do have the monitor in place. The monitor as Peter referred to it in his comments; the monitor has given us certain recommendations and certain recommendations to government that he wants us to follow through on. And he will come back in the fall and see how we have implemented those. And it mostly now, falls into the functional roles such as legal, HR and finance. They are the ones that are carrying a lot of the load today. I think last year when the monitor first came in and we settled with the DOJ, we really had a lot of our operational people tied up to make sure that we were continuing to reduce agents.  And I think that is the big thing from last year to this year is that this year our operations people obviously maintain their focus on compliance and what we are doing. But they are able to now a lot more concentrate on operations around the world and the let the functional groups go ahead and implement the procedures and processes that we have agreed to, to finish out with a monitor. And I think that is the big change from last year to this year that we see. I do not know if that answers your question or not.
Robin Shoemaker - Citigroup:  Yes. It does. I mean -- when we look also back over the last year some of the areas where you have had big start-up costs. I wonder as you look at your country-by-country or region-by-region now, where is the biggest delta where you are starting to see the downhill slope on the cost side? And the revenue ramp, not project specific but regions? Where are you really seeing the biggest change as start-up costs start to decline?
Chad Deaton:  Well, in Latin America. General just in region, specifically Brazil. I think that is an area and another one would be Saudi. Where, again, we now have the infrastructure in place and the buildup.  I think we are seeing the benefit of activity that is kind of flat; been able to improve because we are more efficient. I think we are close to in Russia, we will never probably never get to the point where we will not keep on building up and ramping up in Russia. But a lot of our size is in place.  So I think we are up to 1450. We will be at 1800 people in Russia by the end of this year. We have got some good projects. So we are having some facility build outs in Siberia and the Eastern Russian places. But I think those are three that pop to mind.
Robin Shoemaker - Citigroup:  And if you win some big contracts such as Angola then presumably there -- you are kind of on the uphill slope in a few places as well, like that.
Chad Deaton:  Yes, I think Angola and Nigeria are two that we got a couple of tenders there, if we win them and we have got to put some more investment in there. But not on the same scale as what we have done in Brazil and what we are doing in Russia.
Robin Shoemaker - Citigroup:  Right, understood. Okay, thank you.
Chad Deaton:  You bet.
Operator:  Your next question comes from the line of Chuck Minervino of Goldman Sachs.
Chuck Minervino - Goldman Sachs:  Hi good morning. 
Chad Deaton:  Good morning Chuck.
Chuck Minervino - Goldman Sachs:  So you gave your initial forecasts on 2009 international growth. And I was just wondering if you guys cared to venture a guess on your North America revenue growth assumptions for the back half of the year into 2009? Maybe taking into account what you are looking for drilling activity in Canada and price, etc?
Chad Deaton:  Well, let us talk rigs for the second half of the year in North America. We see rig count going up an average about 8%. I think gas is going up 7%. Oil direct is going up 13% over the first half. So clearly second half in North America continues to look good.  I would not want to try to venture in 2009 what revenue or what we are going to do in 09 yet. I think that what we will see in 09 just depends on these things we have talked about for the last several years. What does the winter look like? What does the summer look like? What happens with the hurricane season, et cetera, et cetera?  I do think that there are some clients that are very well positioned that even if gas went down to $7, $8 MCF, I do not think it would stop their programs. And I think probably some clients that are looking at $10, $11, $12 gas in order to justify their programs.  So you know even if gas got down to $8 or $9 next year. I do not think we would see a collapse by any means. I think we would just see possibly a retraction like what we saw a year ago. And probably stabilize at a pretty good high rate, would continue to move forward. The other part of your question was what, Chuck?
Chuck Minervino - Goldman Sachs:  No, that was it. I guess Canada if you could factor (inaudible)?
Chad Deaton:  Yes Canada is coming back. I do not think it is going to be as high as what it was the second half of last year. But British Columbia clearly looks the strongest area up there now but I think Canada will have a decent second half of the year and probably do okay next year.
Chuck Minervino - Goldman Sachs:  All right and then just on your internationals as the 20% that you had mentioned earlier. Can you give us a sense of how much of that is contracted as of right now? Or is most of that work that still yet to come?
Chad Deaton:  No, we pretty much try to run our numbers based on what we are -- either want or we are pretty confident we are going to win. So, I would say that is pretty much stuff we are comfortable with.
Chuck Minervino - Goldman Sachs:  Thank you.
Operator:  Your next question comes from the line of Doug Becker of Banc of America.
Doug Becker - Banc of America:  Thanks. Chad, on the one hand you have a very positive outlook. We are seeing activity in North America looking up. We have seen a number of your competitors increase capital spending. On the other hand, you are still looking at CapEx of around $1.3 billion. I just want to get a better understanding or kind of just reconciling the two things and that what we are spending.
Chad Deaton:  Well, I think you have to kind of look at where we are. We spent about $600 million year-to-date, a little less than that. We have got a $1.3 billion that we are showing there. So we have got $700 million to spend in the second half.  We could, depending on, again any contracts that we win in the next few months. If we win them, we will ramp up CapEx. So we could go up to $1.4 billion by the end of the year.  I mean two things there. One could we get all these facilities and everything built to spend $700 million by the end of the year. And two if we need to do more we will do it. Again, it just depends. Some of these contracts are large - $400, $500, $600, $800 million type contracts. If we win them then we are going to have to increase our capital spending but we call that shot when it happens.
Doug Becker - Banc of America:  All right, makes sense. Another thing, if you could just talk a little bit more your current views in the ITM or integrated operations, the contract in Mexico. The offer in Mexico looks pretty nice. Are your thoughts on those type of contracts changing?
Chad Deaton:  Well, you know they are changing in that this is what is in demand right now. So you obviously you change and that is what some clients are saying you need to do. The contract in Mexico, as I said, is not without its risks but it is also tendered at a high enough price over the AFE that we feel that we can handle those risks. And those are the type ones that we like. We do not mind the technical challenges as long as we got a shot at making some money on them. Right now we are on seven such projects around the world. We are managing or have about 13, 14 rigs. We have in hand, about $1 billion worth of contract is what those add up to. And that is over about a two-year period of time.  That mostly -- we still like the idea of not necessarily owning the rig or being responsible to rigs so that does not include any rig revenue in there. That is mostly Baker Hughes services, with the exception in Mexico with our partner BJ there for their share of that project. We have got several other tenders out right now that we are waiting to hear on. By year-end we could be at 10, 12 projects based on those wins. So we are being pretty selective on where and we are being pretty selective in terms of the risks that we take.
Doug Becker - Banc of America:  Okay, thanks.
Operator:  Your next question comes from the line of Michael LaMotte of J.P. Morgan.
Michael LaMotte - J.P. Morgan:  Thanks. Morning. Can I follow up on the CapEx question quickly and ask you to breakout facilities versus tool and sort of direct revenue spend? Get a sense to how those changes are tracking versus revenue.
Chad Deaton:  Yes, we are around $300 million for facility spend for 08. And the other billion is mainly on tools -- logging tools, cementing tools -- did not have that one right. That goes back a few years. Logging tools, directional drilling tools, bits -- you have to keep in mind that we do capitalize our bits.  So that is where that spread is. So again, if it comes down to it we win some contracts and we need to ramp up then these are not long necessary -- real long lead times. They are not like rigs or big pressure pumping units and things like that.
Peter Ragauss:  But we are also building some capacities outside of just infrastructure. For example, our chemicals business is virtually sold out right now. And we are building reactors and so on.  And pumps business is close to its capacity right now and we have got to invest in those areas. So, we are continuing to make incremental improvements in the supply chain as well. And it is probably 100 or 200 roughly in that sort of activity. As well as in the next 
Michael LaMotte - J.P. Morgan:  Sure. Call that manufacturing. And remind me again what the 300 compares to versus last year on the facilities? It was quite a bit higher last year was it not?
Chad Deaton: No last year it was about $150 million.
Peter Ragauss:  Actually we ended up at about $130 million.
Chad Deaton:  $130 million 
Peter Ragauss:  Actual spent.
Chad Deaton:  You know we put in the press release that this year in square footage we will have done more than we did in the previous six years. So go back three years ago it was about $15 million for facilities.
Michael LaMotte - J.P. Morgan:  Okay. And then in terms of a run rate sort of in the 09, any thoughts as to what would be an appropriate level -- facility spend going forward?
Chad Deaton:  Do not know yet on tools because that will all depend on what contracts we win et cetera but on facilities you are still going to be north of $300 million for infrastructure type spend. Facilities and as Peter said some manufacturing capabilities, et cetera
Michael LaMotte - J.P. Morgan:  And then Chad, if I could ask you to elaborate a little bit on the fluid contracts in Brazil?
Chad Deaton:  Well, it is for all their fluids and FES type work or 50% of their deep-water work. We were already on several rigs down there for drilling fluids. It did go to tender. We did win the tender.  We were the low price on this one for the tender. Margin wise it is good margins when you look at on a global basis. So we feel pretty excited about this win and it will really put us on the map down in Brazil.
Michael LaMotte - J.P. Morgan:  It strikes me and feel free to correct this observation if you do not think it is right. But it strikes me that you are having much greater success with single point of service contract wins in large scale, i.e., directional drilling Brazil or fluids in Brazil, than sort of the big large bundled packages.  Do you think that is a function of sort of the breaking down the barrier in terms of how the customer views Baker Hughes very strong in terms of product and service line? But its in-tech atlas product line specific as opposed to here is Baker Hughes?
Chad Deaton:  Oh I think it depends on the customer. We do not have a problem going in and getting a shot at any of these big IPM type projects. It is a matter of when you sit down and look at it. And the third party charges and pulls through and everything else.  We tend to mark them up a little bit and maybe are not competitive on a couple of them but we do -- we have done quite well on the individual services on big wins. And especially when it comes to highly complicated type projects.  I think there the client really does start looking at the big service companies and kind of points to where they are strong in a particular area and say what can you do for us. Because they have so much exposure on some of these big projects especially offshore. So they tend to break it up and kind of put it down into individual services.
Michael LaMotte - J.P. Morgan:  That is good color. Thank you.
Peter Ragauss:  Christy at this point I think we will go ahead and conclude the call. I want to thank everyone for their participation this morning. I do want to respectful of the other calls that are happening today. I think you got another call in about four minutes. So following the conclusion of todays call both G and I will be available to answer your questions. We once again thank you for your participation.
Operator:  Thank you again for participating in todays Baker Hughes Incorporated conference call. This call will be available for replay beginning at 10:30 am EST, 9:30 am CST, and will be available through 10 pm EST on Tuesday, August 5th, 2008.  The conference id number for the replay is 49306924. Again, the conference id number for the replay is 49306924. The number to dial for the replay is 800-642-1687 in the United States or 706-645-9291 internationally. That is 800-642-1687 or 706-645-9291 internationally. You may now disconnect.

===== 2008 Q1  (2008-04-22 08:30:00) =====
: Baker Hughes Incorporated (BHI) Q1 2008 Earnings Call  April 22, 2008 8:30 am ET 
Executives: Gary Flaharty  Director IR Chad Deaton  CEO, President, Chairman Peter Ragauss  SVP, CFO 
Analysts: Jim Crandell  Lehman Brothers Robin Shoemaker  Bear Stearns Bill Herbert  Simmons & Company Dan Pickering  Tudor Pickering Holt Geoff Kieburtz  Citigroup Michael LaMotte  J.P. Morgan Brad Handler  Wachovia Capital Markets Charles Minervino  Goldman Sachs Ken Sill  Credit Suisse Ole Slorer  Morgan Stanley 
Operator: Good morning, my name is Katina and I will be your conference facilitator. At this time I would like to welcome everyone to the Baker Hughes first quarter 2008 earnings conference call. (Operator instructions). Thank you, I will now turn the conference over to Mr. Gary Flaharty, Director of Investor Relations, sir you may proceed. 
Gary Flaharty: Alright, thank you Katina. Good morning everyone. Welcome to the Baker Hughes first quarter 2008 earnings conference call. Here with me this morning are Chad Deaton, Baker Hughes' Chief Executive Officer, President and Chairman and Peter Ragauss, Baker Hughes' Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Following management's comments this morning well open the lines for your questions. Reconciliation of operating profits and any non GAAP measures to GAAP results for historic periods can be found on our website at www.bakerhughes.com in the investor relations section under financial information.  Finally, I want to caution you this morning that any company outlooks discussed are subject to various risk factors. We'll try to highlight these risk factors as we make these forward looking statements, however the format of the call does prevent a more thorough discussion of these risk factors. For a full discussion of these risk factors please refer to our annual report, 10K, 10Q and in particular the forward looking disclosure in this morning's news release. With that Ill conclude our discussion of the administrative details and turn the call over to Chad Deaton. Chad.
Chad Deaton: Thanks Gary, good morning and welcome everyone to the Baker Hughes first quarter 2008 earnings conference call. This morning we reported net income for the first quarter of 2008 of $395 million or $1.27 per share. The $1.27 per share is up $0.01 from the $1.26 we reported in the fourth quarter of 07 and is up $0.10 or 8% from the $1.17 that we reported in the first quarter of 07. Looking at our results for the first quarter Ill say that there are areas where Im pleased with our results but there are also some areas that will continue to need some attention.  Weve made strides in expanding our infrastructure and in the hiring and training program. Were going to continue to emphasize investments in these very important areas. Weve made and have made numerous, we have numerous examples of a lot of the technological success and in many areas of the world we continue to be the go to company for many of the most difficult drilling and completion challenges that our clients are faced with. We have also established a world class compliance culture and all of these achievements have played a part in helping us to go ahead and continue to expand our business.  I do remain convinced that were in the process of implementing the correct strategies for Baker Hughes and that is continuing investment in technology, infrastructure and people. Last week we announced the acquisition of Gaffney, Cline and GeoMechanics International, two premier companies that will continue the process of integrating our leadership position in well bore related technologies with reservoir and midstream expertise. Ive said to many of you in the past that expanding our reservoir competency would be an area of focus and these acquisitions are tangible evidence that were executing on our strategy.  In addition we are focused on expanding our capabilities in the area of integrated operations, but were going to be selective about the type of projects and the risks we assume. Expanded reservoir and integrated operation capabilities will be important as we focus on growth in key markets. Im going to discuss our operational highlights a little bit later in the call but at this point I want to turn it over to Peter to discuss some of the financial highlights. Peter.
Peter Ragauss:  Thanks Chad. As Chad said, net income for the first quarter 2008 was $395 million or $1.27 per share. Q1 revenue was $2.67 billion, up $198 million or 8% from the first quarter of 2007 and down $70 million or 3% from the prior quarter. North American revenue was up 8% compared to the year ago quarter and up 4% compared to the prior quarter. Non-North American revenue was up 8% compared to a year ago and down 7% sequentially. Our oil field operating margin in Q1 was 23%, this is compared to 24% in the prior quarter and 25% a year ago.  Drilling and evaluation revenue was $1.39 billion in the first quarter, up 8% compared to the year ago quarter and up 2% compared to the prior quarter. Year on year revenue growth was strong in Russia Caspian, Middle East, Latin America and the US. The drilling and evaluation segments operating margin was 25% in Q1, essentially flat on a sequential basis. Completion and production revenue was $1.28 billion, up 8% from the year ago quarter and down 7% from the fourth quarter 2007.  The sequential revenue decline was anticipated as we highlighted in our last conference call, that is approximately $100 million of export orders in Q4 that would not repeat in the first quarter. Baker Petrolite and Centrilift had strong year on year revenue growth which was driven by fundamentals other than improvement in drilling activity. C&Ps operating margin was 21%. In an effort to assist you in evaluating our Q1 earnings per share I want to highlight a few significant items to provide a bridge between Q1, the prior quarter and the year ago quarter. From the $1.26 we reported in the fourth quarter 2007, add about $0.06 for the gain on the product line sale, add about $0.03 to account for the benefit of a more favorable tax rate this quarter.  Add about $0.03 for the impact of the lower share count. Subtract about $0.01 for higher corporate interest and other costs. The anticipated decline in completion and production export sales cost us about $0.10 per share. This gets you to the $1.27 we are reporting for the first quarter. From the $1.17 we reported in the first quarter of last year, add about $0.06 for the gain on the product line sale, add about $0.03 to account for the benefit of a more favorable tax rate this quarter. Add about $0.04 to account for the impact of a lower share count. Subtract about $0.04 for higher corporate, interest and other costs, reflecting an increase in compliance costs. And add about $0.01 for the contribution from operations.  This gets you to the $1.27 we are reporting for the first quarter. During the first quarter we repurchased 8.2 million shares of common stock at an average price of about $69.00 per share for a total $568 million. At quarter end we had authorization remaining to repurchase up to $256 million of common stock. With respect to the balance sheet, at the end of the first quarter we had cash and short term investments of about $1 billion. A significant portion of this cash is in our international operations. Therefore, in order to continue our share repurchases, we incurred short term borrowings during the quarter in the US. Our outstanding debt increased $462 million as a result of these short term borrowings.  At quarter end, our outstanding debt was $1.55 billion and our total debt to cap ratio was 20%. Our guidance for non-North American revenue growth in 2008 compared to 2007 remains unchanged in the low to mid-teens percentage range relative to 2007. Our guidance for capital spending in 2008 continues to be $1.3 billion. We expect our capital spending rate to increase in the balance of the year. Finally, we expect our total oil field operating margin in the second quarter to be flat with Q1. Ill now turn it back over to Chad.
Chad Deaton:  Okay, thanks Peter. I want to walk through some of the operational highlights for our four regions and looking first outside of North America. In Latin America our revenue increased 9% year on year compared to a 6% increase in the rig count. The majority of the revenue increase was in the D&E segment where we had strong revenue growth for Intech and for Baker Atlas and also Hughes Christensen in Brazil. Our C&P segment, Centrilift saw strong revenue growth in Columbia and Venezuela and Baker Petrolite had increased activity in Brazil and Venezuela.  Latin American revenue decreased 1% sequentially as gains in the D&E segment were offset by lower C&P export product sales. Revenue for the Europe, Africa, Russia and Caspian region was up 8% year on year, was down 6% sequentially. In Europe, revenues were up 3% year on year, revenue was down 4% sequentially and this was primarily impacted by some North Sea weather delays. In Russia and the Caspian, revenue was up 55% year on year with strong revenue growth in both segments. The revenue decreased 17% sequentially in part due to a large manufacturing shipment to Centrilift in Q4 that did not recur in Q1 and also due to the typical weather related seasonality in Russia. Africa revenue was down 8% year on year and up 1% sequentially.  The year on year revenue decline in part reflects operational delays in Nigeria which impacted both the D&E and C&P segment and also year on year revenue comparisons for our C&P segment also reflect extraordinarily high Q1 2007 product shipments for Baker oil tools in Equatorial Guinea that did not repeat in Q1 2008. These shipments were under a very large contract in which the client made an advanced purchase of the completion equipment in order to satisfy a couple years need. Were still providing work under this contract but theres been a notable shift in revenue mix from product sales to the service and installation revenue as we move through that contract. Middle East, Asia Pacific revenue was up 7% compared to the year ago quarter, it was down 12% sequentially.  Middle East revenues were up 6%, Middle East itself was up 6% year on year and thats in line with rig activity. Middle East revenue was down 16% sequentially. The sequential comparison was impacted by large export shipments in the fourth quarter that did not recur and which impacted sequential revenue comparisons. For some time BOT, Bake oil tools was the sole supplier of whats call the inflow control systems in Saudi Arabia or the equalizer product line where we had 100% market share. However our market share has decreased and theres also been a reduction in pricing for this product as a competitor has entered the market.  Asia Pacific revenue was up 9% year on year, down 7% sequentially. Looking at North America, Q1 revenue was 8% compared to the year ago quarter, it was up 4% on a sequential basis. The US land revenue was up 16% year on year compared to a 4% increase in the land rig count. In the D&E segment, InTech, Baker Hughes drilling fluids, Hughes Christensen, all had very strong growth and land revenue for the completion and production segment increased due to strong revenue growth at both Centrilift and Baker Petrolite.  US offshore revenue was down 10% on a year on year compared to a 30% decline in the rig count, it was down 8% sequentially. In Canada revenue was up 4% compared to the first quarter of last year on a rig count that was down 5% as lower activity for our drilling and evaluation segment was offset by solid growth in the completion and production group. Canadian revenue was up 24% compared to Q4 2007 with the strongest growth at Baker Atlas and InTech on the D&E side and with Baker oil tools in the C&P segment. Turning now to the two segments and looking at them in a little more detail. Overall as I look at the D&E performance, we had some good successes for the first quarter. Hughes Christensen delivered strong revenue growth and Baker Atlas delivered solid results with the highest year on year non-North American revenue growth of the D&E segment.  Our new operations base in Macae, Brazil was inaugurated during this quarter, it is delivering services for the deep water offshore operation at or above our contractually signed participation for D&E services. As Brazil continues to expand its deep water activity and advances in assessing the recently announced finds in what is a very challenging sub-salt play, our newly deployed capabilities will bring increasing value to our Brazilian clients and continue to lead our D&E growth in the region for 2008. Were moving from a position of low representation in the country to a majority position and we are now able to service 13 rigs simultaneously.  This is up from two a little over a year and a half ago and this will expand to 17 by year end. Were providing higher levels of geoscience and reservoir navigation services and with five additional offshore rigs arriving in Q2, two more in Q3 and two expected in Q4, Baker Hughes will capture 50% of the market by contract. In fact if you look at the last quarter, InTech actually had 55% of Petrogras offshore market share for the month of March. Also in Latin America, the Orinoco heavy oil belt in Venezuela has been identified as a primary strategic element in the vast hydrocarbon reserves for the country.  Baker Hughes technologies in the formation evaluation and the fluids sampling area are delivering results previously not seen in what is a very challenging environment that will help [Pedavas] better see and better have access reservoir potential an evaluate new production horizons. Looking at North America, InTech has recently secured a development project for up to ten rigs in the Horn River Source Rock play which is in northeast British Columbia. Utilizing on track and star track technologies to exploit these [imoit] reserves, producers are projecting that this shale play could be as much as ten times more productive than the Barnett shale.  We do like our position and the potential for growth as [that] heavy develops in this area. The position of Baker Atlas is also deploying XMAC, imaging and PCL services and technologies in order to assist the producers with their Horn River exploration programs. Looking at completion and production segment, also delivered many technological successes in the quarter. Baker oil tools increased activity in the [bachan] play in southeastern Saskatchewan utilizing frac point completions technology. Local exploration companies are demanding more sophisticated efficiency and execution for bringing in wells and was a very fast developing area which is adjacent to the same play which is across the US-Canadian border.  BOTs frac point technology allows for multi-stage fracturing and horizontal wells. These eliminate cementing and perforating as used by numerous pressure pumping companies and just went into service about a year ago, installations have grown some eightfold over a one year period of time. Baker oil tools also completed the first installation of the equalizer reservoir management system for customers in both India and Russia. Looking at the outlook, the long term fundamentals of the industry have not changes and in fact if anything, probably improved form our last call, especially in North America. High oil prices will have some impact on US demand and in those economies most closely tied to the US dollar.  However the growth engine of the worlds economy, China, India, Middle East and other areas are expected to continue to grow placing incremental demand for oil and gas on a system that is already stretched. Production declines in key producing areas around the world have only heightened the concerns around production levels and the industrys ability to keep up with demand. Many governments are calling for increased spending to help increase production rates. As holders of the vast majority of petroleum reserves, the national oil companies will increasingly have to step to the plat to find, to develop and to produce significant volumes of hydrocarbon in order to meet this world demand. Different NOCs are going to require different levels of support and assistance.  Although we at Baker Hughes can offer what is a rather large compliment of technologies and services, the missing component has been the area of reservoir capability. The acquisitions that I referred to earlier of Gaffney Cline and GeoMechanics International will allow us to significantly broaden our portfolio of technologies and services. Id like to give you some examples. GeoMechanics International currently advises some 60 clients around the world on a whole variety of technical challenges in some of the following areas: optimizing drilling direction to intersect fractured zones, obviously that works very closely with InTech. Also, pore pressure prediction, utilizing wire line and LWD data, much of this data is already InTechs and Baker Atlas data.  Prediction of sand production based on geomechanical models and clearly a very strong link to Baker oil tools product lines [overlay]. In this acquisition we also get a link to one of the top university geophysics departments in the world, that being Stanford. And of course we significantly strengthen our technical base by adding over 50 PhDs to our companys ranks. Gaffney Cline, our other acquisition brings similar technical capabilities.  Through this acquisition well add over 125 technical consultants with a wide range of expertise, including reservoir evaluation, fuel development, field operations, integrated technical and management advice and asset management. Gaffney Cline offers a multi-disciplined approach to both frontier exploration and evaluation all the way to reservoir characterization of more mature fields. These consultants advise on areas across the entire oil and gas landscape, from drilling and completion to well intervention to pipelines and everything in between. We believe that these two acquisitions are going to strengthen us in two key areas, one obviously is in the reservoir and geoscience side, the other is in the area of capabilities under project management. At this time, Gary why dont we open it up for questions.
Gary Flaharty:  Great, well thank you Chad. At this time Ill ask Katina to open the lines for your questions. To give everyone a fair chance to ask a question we ask that you limit yourself to a single question and a related follow up question. Katina, could we have the first question please?
Operator:  (Operator instructions). Your first question comes from Jim Crandell with Lehman Brothers.
Jim Crandell  Lehman Brothers: Chad, youve reiterated your forecast of I think low to mid-teens international growth for 2008, most of your competitors think that their growth rate will maintain the same pace or accelerate as we go beyond 08. As you lose the quarter pointed monitor in the spring of the year do you see that impacting your growth rate and would you see international growth accelerating beyond 08?
Chad Deaton:  Well, we have the monitor for two years, Jim, two years from this April. We lose the DPA, expires a year from this April, about a year from now in fact. You know now were looking at 2009 in terms of what growth will come out of that. You know its a hard thing to call right now, clearly as we talked about on the last call, we are operating under a fairly conservative environment you know in a couple areas I think that its affecting our international growth. One is clearly in the area of acquisitions, weve not been active in acquisitions.  It doesnt mean we havent been out looking and in fact weve actually done some due diligence on several companies. I didnt listen to the call but I understand one of our competitors said in the last quarter they bought 11 companies and you know that clearly does help with international growth. I think weve learned by the two acquisitions we just made with Gaffney Cline and GCA, the monitor was involved in that and the compliance teams and that gave us a roadmap or a process that hopefully were going to be able to apply to find some growth opportunities around the world going forward.  I think the other area which wont change from a year from now when the DPA ends is in that we made a very significant reduction over the last few years in agents, several hundred agents down to less than 50 now. We wont be going back to agents in the future. And clearly I think when you drop agents, move away from agents in some parts of the world, it does take some time to rebuild up the relationships back with the clients and you know we have to work through that and thats what weve been doing this last year, what well continue to do the next several months and thats why were saying that our growth is going to be in this low to mid-teens range.
Jim Crandell  Lehman Brothers: Okay and as a follow up, Peter maybe you could comment on the decline in margins in the completion and production side, it seemed to me that given the fall off in revenue that the quarter to quarter decline in operating income in the completion and production side certainly was more than I would have expected.
Peter Ragauss:  Yeah, sure Jim. We signaled there would be $100 million decline in revenues and those were export sales which are pretty high profit margin items and so the decrementals on those were on the order of 50% and thats the simple math of it and thats the $0.10 that I referred to. Just high decrementals on what were high margin products.
Jim Crandell  Lehman Brothers: Okay, I hadnt realized the decrementals were that high, thank you.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Robin Shoemaker with Bear Stearns.
Robin Shoemaker  Bear Stearns: Thank you Chad. Theres been a lot of discussion in these recent conference calls on integrated project management and Im sure you were anticipating getting a question about that which youve I think referred to in the past as bundled services and have had, it seems to me, a little bit of a more cautious view on entering into that business and I just wonder if you could give us an update on your thinking in that regard?
Chad Deaton:  Yeah, we did expect a question in there Robin. We expected a question in international growth and IPM and I think they do go hand in hand. You know weve been strengthening our project management team, part of the two acquisitions clearly help us on the reservoir but with that also we get some experience in drilling and completion and project management from these two companies. Today were operating on 11 rigs under what we call integrated operations.  Weve put in a new president here about three months ago, hes been doing some recruiting to get additional expertise in the area. Right now were actively tendering on some $850 million worth of IO type projects. I think its how you count it, whether its a true project management like in Mexico where youre managing you know field locations and rigs and building roads versus like Algeria where it really is, you got a project manager on site, were on six rigs in Algeria and we have of our services out there. So you know we are taking a more aggressive look at what we can do in integrated project management.  You know theres some concerns in terms of the pull through in your other services and yes you do get revenue but it can also affect your overall margins. And you know the industry I think over the last three, four quarters have clearly seen margins deteriorating as revenue goes up on a lot of project management and I think thats one of the concerns you have to be careful of, not just to chase the revenue but also to make sure that youre keeping up good earnings on it. So we are entering into project management in certain parts of the world, Russia, Mexico, Algeria we talked about, Columbia weve got a rig there and [unintelligible], Gabon, so were building that product line up.
Robin Shoemaker  Bear Stearns: Okay, just as a follow up on that then, is it safe to say that you would be less inclined to get involved in one of these projects that would entail a significant amount of third party services under your direction or supervision which would include I guess hiring rigs and other things. Or do you want to basically be able to take on these projects mostly with your in house capabilities? Is that fair to say?
Chad Deaton:  I think thats fair and I think what we would rather do is team up with drilling contractors which is what were doing now in these 11 rigs and providing a joint service in there without us necessarily taking on the risk of the rig and so on, thats correct.
Robin Shoemaker  Bear Stearns: Okay, alright, thank you.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Bill Herbert with Simmons & Company.
Bill Herbert  Simmons & Company: Good morning Chad. No mention of margins with regard to the outlook. I think last time we spoke on the call, targeted incrementals were in the range of 20-25%, do we still stick with that?
Chad Deaton:  Well, Ive not seen anybodys incrementals looking real bright lately but Peter you want to, weve done a lot of work on this on the margin side.
Peter Ragauss:  Bill we did mention margins in the outlook. We said that Q2 would be similar to Q1. And I think that we would expect that trend to continue through the year so that fits right into the [overlay].
Bill Herbert  Simmons & Company: The trend so meaning, so the flattish margins from this point forward for the year?
Peter Ragauss:  We think we can hold margins at this level, there may be some upside with North America beefing up a little bit. But you know somewhere flat to up.
Bill Herbert  Simmons & Company: Right, which was going to be my next line of inquiry, North America, I mean clearly weve had a resurgence in activity and the outlook I think is demonstrably better, curious as to what youre hearing and seeing, not what you saw but hearing and seeing with regard to leading edge indicators and setting up for the second half of the year and if you could have a brief commentary on pricing as well in North America as well, thanks.
Chad Deaton:  Yeah, no I think second half of the year looks right now Bill looks good for North America. You know I think weve got the Canada issue in the second quarter which everybodys faced with as that balances out. Clearly British Columbia right now is a very exciting area which is taking off that I think some very good discoveries up there and some exciting things which will drive that area. I think that Gulf of Mexico, second half of the year is going to improve as these rigs come in. We do all know clearly that theres plenty of gas production thats on there but we do quite a bit to refill and storage et cetera which is going to drive production.  So I think the second half looks good, we had a good first quarter, you know InTech was exceptionally strong in North America first quarter on the horizontal wells. Hughes had a good first quarter. So yeah I think and clearly growth is not a problem for us in North America or Europe, compared to our peers. You look at it, weve got as good a growth as anybody. So I think this is an area that were going to focus hard on is North America this year and I think 09 will be good.
Bill Herbert  Simmons & Company: Okay, Im not sure if I heard you mention anything on pricing.
Chad Deaton:  Pricing, we are not seeing a tremendous pressure on pricing. You know I think its nothing like what were hearing or seeing from the pressure pumping side. There are pockets of a little bit of pricing pressure but for the most part its holding up.
Bill Herbert  Simmons & Company: Are there any pockets of pricing prosperity?
Chad Deaton:  Yes, you know our C&P side, two of them Centrilift and Petrolite are doing very well, had very strong quarters. And were finally seeing some improvement there especially on the Petrolite side, finally getting some pricing through you know on some of the material and hydrocarbon products that we buy. So I think the C&P side is doing quite well on that area right now.
Bill Herbert  Simmons & Company: Okay, thank you very much.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Dan Pickering with Tudor Pickering Holt.
Dan Pickering  Tudor Pickering Holt: Id like to follow up a little bit on the second half margin statements that you made Peter. It feels like revenue growth is improving flattish margins for the second half would imply that incrementals are only in the 20s and I just want to make sure that it sounds like youre guiding sort of flattish for the second half but maybe Im just reading that too conservatively?
Peter Ragauss:  I wouldnt be adjusting my models up or down at this point but for the full year but you know we had a relatively soft 1Q. And you know 2Qs affected by Canada so weve got some, but the C&P ought to be coming back in 2Q. And then 3 and 4, you know theres some potential upside, but like I said, I wouldnt be banking it yet.
Dan Pickering  Tudor Pickering Holt: Okay, alright and then I guess as we look at the outlook around the world, I asked this question last quarter, Im going to come back and ask it again because it does feel like the answer may be different. You guys do a good job of tracking rig count, can you just review for us what your current expectations would be regionally for rig count for 08 and if you have an 09 look that would be great.
Chad Deaton:  Yeah, North America, right now, were at about the 3.5-4% rig count growth. You know this could be better in the second half of the year, well see how that first quarter goes. Were about 9-10% for the rest of the world. Gary do you have the break down by region?
Gary Flaharty:  Id add to that Canada, were looking for probably down a percentage or two, thats significantly different from the forecast we had last quarter, a good deal more optimistic and there may be a little bit more upside on that. Europe were looking for something on the order of up about 10%, Latin America a little bit stronger than that about 10.5%. And then if we go through the other areas, Middle East, a little bit more modest about 7% there, about 10% in Asia and about 10% in Africa. So somewhere in that 8-10% range.
Chad Deaton:  And we show offshore year on year, full year on year down about 20%.
Dan Pickering  Tudor Pickering Holt: And Im sorry, the US number, Canadas up from your forecast, what is the US number changed at this point?
Chad Deaton:  Canadas actually down about 2% if you go the full year on year Dan.
Dan Pickering  Tudor Pickering Holt: Right but I think it was down 9% on your last [overlay].
Gary Flaharty:  Yeah the original forecast was down 8-10, were now down about 2, I believe our original forecast on the US was up about 1%, were looking more like 4% and thats probably a little bit conservative. Some upside there.
Dan Pickering  Tudor Pickering Holt: Great, thank you.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Geoff Kieburtz with Citigroup.
Geoff Kieburtz  Citigroup: Could we talk a little bit more about the international growth outlook and in particular I was wondering if you could kind of characterize, you know how much of your international revenue growth is going to be dependent on building new infrastructure as opposed to exploiting what youve already completed?
Chad Deaton:  Well clearly Brazil, were pretty good shape in Brazil from these ten rigs to the 17 rigs, weve got the facilities in place, nothing there. Russia, were going to need to continue to build our infrastructure but I dont think thats any different from anybody else Geoff in terms of whats there. Weve got some infrastructure in West Africa that were in the process of building out, Nigeria, Angola, a couple bases there.  Were, India, were building out an additional base there, we have one that should be completed before long. Were under project, we just finished the Middle East, Dubai Emirates facility and operational center, that was opened this year, thats a very large center for repair and maintenance which we handle all the Middle East area, so thats done. I think were like most people, were going to be continuing to build out, Australia needs to build out, so well continue to build out in the areas as this thing continues to see activity in many parts of the Eastern Hemisphere.  You know if you look at some of the international growth Geoff, right now were tracking or we noted about $10 billion of big tenders that are sitting out there that are being bid or should be awarded before long. And I think you know thats going to determine the participation in 2009 and 2010, how successful different companies are in many of those tenders. So.
Peter Ragauss:  Were spending about $300 million on international infrastructure this year, that compares to $130 last year. Its going to take some time for that to actually get built, the concrete poured, you know the computers ordered and everything else and by the time thats up and running you know that leads into 2009, probably will be spending, probably still heavily in 2009, so weve done a lot already but I think theres still a long way to go and it is a bottleneck for us in certain particular geographies. So were trying to uncork that bottle if you will and thats unfolding over years, not over quarters.
Chad Deaton:  I mean Kazakhstan, new base going into Kazakhstan, Libya is under construction, thatll be a new base. Like Peter said I think this is a, well just continue over the next several years to build out.
Geoff Kieburtz  Citigroup: In doubling your infrastructure spending this year, should we imply that you have an anticipation of acceleration in your international revenue growth, I mean this is kind of a different version of the same question that was asked earlier.
Chad Deaton:  Well I think it comes back to the $10 billion of the tenders that are sitting out there and how many we win, I mean were building the new base in Qatar, you know putting all the companys in Qatar, will be a first class operation but that, were already operating in Qatar but its a little bit like the way it was in Dubai, we had several different locations scattered around and now weve got everybody under one roof in Dubai, well do the same thing in Qatar.  So we continue to operate in some of these countries but weve got to get better facilities, repair facilities et cetera in place to be able to be successful on some of these other tenders. So I think its a, yes I think like in West Africa, the build out in Nigeria and Angola will help us be more competitive on winning some of those contracts. Places like Qatar weve already got the contract, its a matter of making sure we have the facility to handle it, service it properly.
Geoff Kieburtz  Citigroup: Can you give us an idea of approximately how many different contracts are including in that $10 billion and kind of over what time period you expect them to be awarded?
Chad Deaton:  I would say theres probably 70 or 80 projects that our guys are tendering, some will be awards in Q2, some in Q3, some in Q4, probably some going into Q1, Q2 of next year. Some are delayed. BPA Angola for example is a big one but it keeps sliding, keep waiting to hear from that one. So you know theres quite a few out there but they just, some of them slip a little bit Geoff.
Geoff Kieburtz  Citigroup: And last question, with the acquisitions that youve made this quarter, do you feel as if there is a clear hole in your portfolio in regards to competing for these international project opportunities?
Chad Deaton:  No I think its going to get us in earlier on some of these, for instance, GCA does a lot on feed studies, working with the client early on, they work, GeoMechanics, GMI works in terms of some of the drilling challenges and problems early on. So this will get us in to better understand what some of the challenges are in the reservoir which should allow us to help I think probably do a better job of tendering on some of these. One of the things that both GCI and GCA and GMI were clearly excited about and one of the reasons why we wanted to get these two companies is we think a real opportunity comes back in terms of driving the completion into the reservoir.  And theres been a lot of work done obviously on the D&E side and R&D and technology development, we think that theres a lot more that can happen on the completion side. And part of that is you have to have a very good understanding of the reservoir in order to design a completion for a multi-lateral or a formation that could water out in 15 years. So we think is going to help us be much more competitive in that area.
Geoff Kieburtz  Citigroup: Great, thank you.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Michal LaMotte with J.P. Morgan.
Michael LaMotte  J.P. Morgan: Good morning. Peter I want to make sure I heard you correctly, did you say the compliance was $0.04 in the quarter?
Peter Ragauss:  I said the whole corporate G&A year over year was around $0.04 and much of that has to do with compliance cost.
Michael LaMotte  J.P. Morgan: Okay, when do you think that sort of begins to work its way out, where are we on the schedule and program there?
Peter Ragauss:  I think weve built a world class clients program that will continue.
Chad Deaton:  These arent one time charges.
Michael LaMotte  J.P. Morgan: Theyre not, okay, so its not like its sort of beefing up to get a [plane] in place and then it will work its way out?
Peter Ragauss:  No and we dont do our accounting that way either, we dont call them one time charges.
Chad Deaton:  Weve been eating these costs for the last couple years, every quarter as they come and you know thats the way weve been reporting them.
Michael LaMotte  J.P. Morgan: Understood, just looking for a little relief where we can. On the acquisitions following up on Geoffs line of questioning, whats, is the revenue model going to change? I think one of the concerns thats been raised is that reservoir engineering and consulting services is sometimes viewed as a cost of business as opposed to a real value sale to the customer. So Im wondering if you really see an opportunity here to not just sort of maintain the revenues of these companies but actually grow them as they pull through the business. I suppose youre considering them a cost of sale or service in another product or service line?
Chad Deaton:  I clearly think well have the opportunity to grow these two businesses Michael and I think theres going to be I think from BOT to Atlas to InTech to the new completion center we just built, I think theres going to be a lot of pull through back the other way in terms of them helping enhance some of the capabilities of our tools and the technologies. So you know these are both profitable companies, we expect them to remain profitable, revenue will roll up under the D&E side of the business.  But we will let them sit out there on their own and generate and they need to be profitable, but at the same time well be adding resources to them in order to grow the business. Theyre in several places of the world but theyre not in all the countries where we are. So I think one of the things that excites them is they do get an opportunity to be in Angola and other places where we have operations. So I think well see some growth coming out of there.
Michael LaMotte  J.P. Morgan: Thats great, thats just what I wanted to hear, thanks Chad.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Brad Handler with Wachovia.
Brad Handler  Wachovia Capital Markets: Good morning guys. Can you please speak to your cap ex budget which is unchanged and I guess what Im trying to, what Im hoping youll speak to is what flexibility do you have to respond to revenue opportunities in North America in light of a fixed cap ex budget, right and how much wiggle room you have if you will to respond, that sort of thing.
Chad Deaton:  You know our cap ex is $1.3 billion, we spent about $235 million this quarter which on a run rate is less than that, but what youll see is were going to be spending almost $400 million in Q2, so were not worried about being on pace to spend our $1.3 billion. And were not, if we see growth take off, if we have opportunities, we win some of these contracts whether its North America or elsewhere, were not shy to go ahead and say were going to increase our capital spending for tools especially. So you know if we see the activity and its there and we can get it, were going to, well increase the capital expenditure plan.
Brad Handler  Wachovia Capital Markets: Okay, thats certainly good to hear, can you give us a sense maybe for a couple of your product divisions about how quickly you can get your hands on tools now, what are lead times like? So how quickly do you need to anticipate opportunities to be able to deliver something for 08?
Chad Deaton:  Anywhere from 6-12 months. One of the things that we are hearing from some of our suppliers is that some of our competition have turned back some time and space. Which allows us to be able to pick that. Two years ago you know you couldnt find space for any of the suppliers that build for all of us but today weve got a little bit more room in our supply chain. So I think as we see it we can go ahead and build out.
Brad Handler  Wachovia Capital Markets: Okay, that makes sense, although it still sounds like youre responding more to the 09 and beyond opportunities as you win them as opposed to picking up something in North America in the second half? Based on the six months?
Chad Deaton:  Again, you know we can move tools around the world really easily, this is big pressure pumping equipment or rigs or whatever else. So if we see North America take off an weve got some capacity sitting somewhere in the Middle East or North Sea if its a little slower well ship it back here.
Brad Handler  Wachovia Capital Markets: Okay, alright, thats helpful, thanks.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Charles Minervino with Goldman Sachs.
Charles Minervino  Goldman Sachs: Just wanted to get a little color on the international growth for the remainder of the year, first quarter was about 8% and youre guiding I guess low to mid-teens, can you talk to us, it looks like youd have to be a little bit above that for the remainder of the year to kind of balance out there. Can you talk about maybe second quarter and then the second half of the year, is it going to be you know second quarter going to be similar to 1Q and then higher in the second half of the year or is it kind of above that for I guess the next three quarters, can you just give us a little color there?
Chad Deaton:  Its stair steps up.
Charles Minervino  Goldman Sachs: Stair steps up, okay.
Chad Deaton:  And next quarters going to be better, its going to be pushing that number for internationally in Q3, Q4 improvement from there.
Charles Minervino  Goldman Sachs: And could you just give us color on where that incremental growth is taking place?
Chad Deaton:  Yeah, obviously Latin America is going to be a key area. You know Brazil as we talked about going from the ten rigs to 15 or so by yearend, those will ramp up. Russia is an area, weve got West Africa, weve got some areas growing in West Africa. Far East, Australia is a strong area for us. India, China, Malaysia looks good. Kazakhstan, Caspian area. And its by different product lines, Latin America were going to see InTech out with BOT come through, Europe, right now Hughes Christensen and Centrilift is very strong in Europe you know with some of the watering problems in the North Sea and those issues.  Same thing in Africa, Centrilift showing some good growth in Africa. Russia its mainly in BOT, BOTs very strong in Russia for 2008, so theres going to be contributing. Atlas really in all three international markets are doing quite well, the exploration work, weve picked up several deep water rigs. So I think thats going to help us in terms of Atlas.
Charles Minervino  Goldman Sachs: Okay and could you just quickly a little color on how much of this is going to be pricing driven versus activity driven? It sounds like youre talking a lot about activity growth here, what is the level of pricing strength internationally?
Chad Deaton:  Pricing is okay internationally but its not whats going to drive this revenue growth, its going to come from activity. Some of its going to come from you know the IPM project management integrated operations side as we pick up and look at Russia and Algeria as two areas. But the rest of its going to be mainly just activity and again some of these contracts with we think that were sitting pretty good to win.
Charles Minervino  Goldman Sachs: Thank you very much.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Ken Sill with Credit Suisse.
Ken Sill  Credit Suisse: Guys, wanted to get back to the international growth question and kind of stretch out to 09. Clearly youve had a lot of cap ex a lot of [floaties] open in Brazil, Dubai, India, youre building in Qatar, West Africa. And those revenues I guess, the benefits of those facilities should start flowing through as you move into next year I guess significantly but is there a significant level of startup costs or expenses that are going in there that might decline as we move into 09 that would affect margins or is this going to be kind of a steady state thing?
Chad Deaton:  Well I think obviously Brazil is a perfect example Ken and now that we have that built out, margins are improving and part of its a volume game when youre two rigs going to five and youre building new facilities and hiring 300 engineers in Brazil et cetera, margins arent great, so weve been through that for the last year. But now that were at ten, 11 rigs and climbing, the bases in place, the engineers are in place, were starting to rotate out some ex pats as we used more locals.  You know and that takes a couple three years. That one, now were moving on with, same thing in Dubai, same thing in Saudi Arabia where weve got the new facility that is being built and plus we have a big infrastructure there. So I think those margins will improve in those areas but as we build out West Africa and Russia and continue to do that, were going to go through the same build out costs and startup costs. So I think its something to just continue to kind of rotate through as business grows.
Ken Sill  Credit Suisse: Because youve got, you said you did $130 million in cap ex in infrastructure in 07, $300 million this year and thats been one of my things I tell people is look this will turn into growth at you know in the future it just takes time. But you know so how many years of kind of heavy infrastructure spend do you think it takes to catch up? Is it 08 09 and itll start tilling off in 010 or is? You know because I guess the issue is the differential cap ex and the kind of catch up thats happening on your international construction.
Chad Deaton:  You know, lets also face the facts, from 1998 to 2004 the company averaged $15 million a year on infrastructure. You know weve quoted that number before, so now were spending $300 million this year on infrastructure. So is there some catch up in order to get the existing facilities like Qatar and these where we are operating up to speed, yes. Does that mean that revenue will flow higher in Qatar? No I dont think so. Were already on 40% of the activity there.  But where we havent had some infrastructure and other things like Australia and Argentina and Peru and some of these others, as we move back into those areas or move in there and build things then yes we expect to see revenue increases coming out of that. A perfect example is Brazil, two rigs, hardly any revenue, same thing with Saudi Arabia four years ago, just very little revenue in Saudi. Those are two examples where weve made quite a bit of not only just infrastructure but people in the hiring and the Brazilians and the Saudis et cetera. Today theyre very strong organizations and we need to repeat that process.
Ken Sill  Credit Suisse: I guess just to kind of close it out here, you know low to mid-teens international growth for 08, do you think that can be higher in 09 or similar in 09?
Chad Deaton:  Im hoping that its higher in 09. Its for a couple things, one we rotate these things through, were able get all these facilities opened up and get the revenue. Two we can make some acquisitions which you know clearly theres people making acquisitions, thats revenue growth. Third is you know hopefully be able to manage these integrated projects so that yes theyre generating revenue but youre not seeing a significant deterioration in margins which you know I think thats a challenge for the industry today on some of these projects.  You know the client is going to tend to want you to bundle and to integrate these because then youre out there as a group and youll have a better tendency to do some pricing negotiation and power. So I think thats the danger weve and an issue weve got to watch but at the same time this is the direction and were going to participate in it.
Ken Sill  Credit Suisse: Okay, thank you Chad.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Ole Slorer with Morgan Stanley.
Ole Slorer  Morgan Stanley:  Thank you very much. I wondered whether you could just summarize for us what part of your international revenue base is offshore versus onshore, I think we had another company yesterday highlighted they had 50% offshore versus onshore, I would imagine that your split would be a little bit more biased towards offshore.
Chad Deaton:  That seems awfully high to have, Ole to have 50% just in offshore revenue.
Ole Slorer  Morgan Stanley:  50% of the international revenues.
Chad Deaton:  Well obviously its higher than that in Europe. But its you know you look at Russia, thats almost all land. India, its higher offshore. You look at the Middle East, Saudi its probably 70% land or higher. Brazil, all offshore. I dont know, wed have to go through and add that, I think thats a good point, we can take a look at it and get back to you on that but we can, weve got the numbers. Gary you want to follow up with Ole on that?
Ole Slorer  Morgan Stanley:  Thanks and it strikes me that you would be higher anyway but if you look at your offshore position and globally, broad based in say four lines, auto track, completion, fluids and Atlas, as we shift to more of an offshore momentum, are there geographic regions where you are afraid of maintaining your market share because of your use of agents or are there areas where youre getting more of a super major end user type of customer base that typically dont use agents in the same way? Could you just highlight a little bit broad brush talking international as we shift to an offshore environment, where do you feel that you are perfectly happy about being able to maintain or grow market share and where do you see some threats after those product lines?
Chad Deaton:  I think youre exactly right Ole, when it comes to offshore, you know whether the agent does and the technical level of the product that youre putting out there, you know agents dont come into play. Brazil, we dont deal with any agents, we deal straight with the client and we have a very strong position in almost all of the products that you just walked through. Same thing obviously Gulf of Mexico, same thing Europe, Norway, UK, not a problem, weve got good market share in both of those particular areas. So yes we obviously do a lot better where we can deal straight with the client.
Ole Slorer  Morgan Stanley:  What about Algeria, Angola, other parts of West Africa, India, other areas where there were heavy use of agents, will you find yourself at a disadvantage?
Chad Deaton:  Well, you end up having commercial agents and you have processing agents and part of what you have to do is get your tools and equipment through customs and ports and you know the logistics side of things and thats the challenge in some countries to be able to get that done. And you know then it depend on where you are in the world and the national oil company and some of their involvement in terms of awarding other work which sometimes comes into play. So yes there are certain parts that are more challenging than other parts of the world, lets leave it at that.
Ole Slorer  Morgan Stanley:  But looking forward for the type of growth industry wide, North American land, international offshore much more over the next two years, more than youve had over the past two years. I mean shouldnt you be in a heck of a better position in terms of capturing that on a level playing field basis?
Chad Deaton:  Well, yes. Were excited about the 170 rigs that are coming in over the next two, three, four years, offshore rigs, deep water rigs. You know weve got them broken down exactly when theyre coming out and we track our market share very carefully or closely on each one of those rigs. The ones that are operating now plus the ones that are coming out over the next three years, so we think that were going to be able to sit in a pretty good position for those product lines you talked about. Obviously Hughes, probably got 50% market share in deep water rigs, InTechs very high, Atlas is making good grounds penetration, so yeah I think well be able to improve our share in those rigs as they come out over the next three years.
Ole Slorer  Morgan Stanley:  Anything going on on completion which makes you nervous about maintaining your offshore market share there?
Chad Deaton:  No, I think weve got a couple areas in completion that weve got to [emphasize] and weve got a couple areas on our completion business that were very strong on the offshore. 
Gary Flaharty:  Plus we just opened the center for technology and innovation that should be a real asset for us there.
Chad Deaton:  Yeah, we just opened that and already weve had two super majors book days to come in to work with our guys regarding some of the challenges to complete these extreme high temperature high pressure wells. You know they may be two, three, four years away but already theyre talking to us about some joint R&D projects and some challenges. So we think thats going to put us in pretty good shape.
Gary Flaharty:  Great, well thank you very much Ole, were approaching the bottom of the hour and I do want to be respectful of others that have calls scheduled today and we know that you have a very busy schedule lined up for the rest of the morning. So with this I want to thank Chad, Peter, I want to thank all of our participants this morning for your time and your very thoughtful questions. Following the conclusion of our call, Gene and I will both be available to answer any additional calls you may have. So once again thank you for your participations.
Operator:  Thank you for participating in todays Baker Hughes Incorporated conference call. This call will be available for replay beginning at 10:30 am Eastern Time, 9:30 am Central and will be available through 10:00 pm Eastern Time on Tuesday, May 6th, 2008. The conference ID number for the replay is 39514631. (Repeating number). The number to dial for the replay is 800-642-1687 in the US or 706-645-9291 international. (Repeating numbers). You may now disconnect.

===== 2007 Q4  (2008-01-30 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Gary Flaharty - Director of IR Chad Deaton - Chairman and CEO Peter Ragauss - SVP and CFO Martin Craighead - Group President, Drilling and Evaluation
Analysts: Geoff Kieburtz - Citigroup Bill Herbert - Simmons & Company Jim Crandell - Lehman Brothers Michael Lamotte  JP Morgan Ken Sill - Credit Suisse Dan Pickering - Tudor, Pickering, Holt Brad Handler - Wachovia Capital Markets Robin Shoemaker - Bear Stearns
Operator: Good morning. My name is Regina, and I will be your conference facilitator. At this time I would like to welcome everyone to the Baker Hughes fourth quarter 2007 Earnings Call. (Operator Instructions). I would now turn the conference over to Mr. Gary Flaharty, Director of Investor Relations. Sir, you may proceed.
Gary Flaharty: Alright, thank you, Regina. Good morning, everyone. Welcome to the Baker Hughes fourth quarter 2007 earnings conference call. Here with me this morning are Chad Deaton, Baker Hughes' Chief Executive Officer and Chairman; Peter Ragauss, Baker Hughes' Senior Vice President and our Chief Financial Officer; and Martin Craighead, Group President for Drilling and Evaluation. Following management's comments we will open the lines for your questions this morning. Reconciliation of operating profits and non-GAAP measures to GAAP results for historic periods can be found on our website at www.bakerhughes.com in the Investor Relations section under financial information and those referenced in the new release are contained in the new release itself. Finally, I caution you that any company outlooks discussed this morning are subject to various risk factors. We'll try to highlight these risk factors as we make these forward-looking statements, however, the format of the call does prevent a more thorough discussion of these risk factors. So for a full discussion of these risk factors please refer to our Annual Report, 10-K, 10-Q, and in particular the forward-looking disclosure in this morning's news release. With that, I will conclude our discussion of the administrative details and turn the call over to Peter Ragauss. Peter?
Peter Ragauss: Thanks, Gary. Good morning and welcome to the Baker Hughes fourth quarter earnings conference call. This morning we reported net income for the fourth quarter of 2007 of $400 million or $1.26 per share. This $1.26 per share is up $0.04 or 3% from the $1.22 we reported in the third quarter of 2007 and up $0.24 or 24% from the $1.02 per share we reported in the fourth quarter 2006. Q4 revenue was $2.74 billion, up $288 million or 12% from the fourth quarter 2006 and up $62 million or 2% from the prior quarter. Revenue from North American operations was up 7% compared to the year ago quarter and essentially flat with Q3. Non-North American revenue was up 16% compared to a year ago and up 4% sequentially. For the full year operating profit was $4.73 per share, up 15% from the $4.10 per share in 2006. Operating profit for 2006 excludes the gain on the sale of our minority interest in the WesternGeco joint venture. 2007 full year revenue was $10.4 billion, up 16% from 2006. North American revenue was up 9% compared to the prior year. Non-North American revenue was up 21%. Our oilfield operating margin for the full year of 2007 was 24%, with an oilfield incremental margin of 25% excluding the Baker Atlas inventory adjustment. Full year CapEx for 2007 was $1.1 billion, up $205 million from last year. Q4 was a challenging quarter. Part of this was due to market conditions that we did not anticipate, such as weaker than expected activity in the Gulf of Mexico and increasing competitive conditions and price pressures particularly in North America. Our oilfield operating margin in Q4 was 24%, up slightly from Q3 and down 50 basis points year-on-year. Excluding the $21.2 million inventory adjustment at Baker Atlas in year ago quarter, margins would have been up about 30 basis points. The year-on-year incremental margin for our oilfield operations in Q4 was 20% as reported, or 27% excluding the Q4 06 Baker Atlas inventory adjustment. Moving over to the segment performance. Drilling and Evaluation revenue was $1.37 billion in Q4, up 9% from the fourth quarter of 2006, and up 1% sequentially. The D&E segments Q4 operating margin was 25%. Inflation and production revenue was also $1.37 billion, up 14% from the year ago quarter and up 4% from the third quarter of 2007. C&P's operating margins of 23% was a record. The year-over-year incremental margin for this segment in Q4 was 38%. Chad and Martin Craighead will review our segment results in more detail later in the conference call.  In an effort to assist you in evaluating our Q4 earnings per share, Ill now highlight a few significant items to provide a bridge between Q4 and the year ago quarter. Sequentially, from Q3 to Q4, the $0.04 improvement from a $1.22 in the third quarter to a $1.26 in the fourth quarter is purely operational. Looking at it year-over-year, from the $1.02 we reported in Q4, 2006, add about $0.12 for the charge relating to the settlement of our investigation with the SEC and DOJ in Q4 06.  Subtract $0.04 to back out the $21.2 million impact for the change in accounting procedures for certain inventory at Baker Atlas. Add about $0.01 for the impact of share repurchases netted against reduced interest income. Add about $0.02 for the impact of a lower comparative effective tax rate in the current quarter and lower corporate spending.  Add about $0.13 as the contribution from operations, which include $0.04 of price net of raw material and cost of inflation. This gets us to the $1.26 per share we reported for Q4.  Turning to the balance sheet. At quarter end, we had cash and short-term investments of $1.05 billion. In comparison, our outstanding debt was just under $1.1 billion. Our long-term debt-to-cap ratio at the end of the fourth quarter was 15%. We continue to generate cash in excess of our needs to grow our business through investment in rental tools, manufacturing equipment and global infrastructure. Our ongoing intent is to return cash in excess of our needs to our shareholders.  During the fourth quarter we repurchased just under 3 million shares of common stock at an average price of $81.75 per share or total of $242 million. At quarter end, we had authorization remaining to purchase up to $824 million common stock. In the fourth quarter, we made two changes that better reflect our operating results. First we reclassified sales and field service costs that directly support operations to cost of sales and service. The net impact of this was to increase our cost of sales and cost of service and rentals by $490 million in 2007 and decrease by the same amount what we are now calling marketing, general and administrative. Second, we reclassified certain corporate and other expenses totaling $15 million in 2007 to our two operating segments. We have allocated these costs to the operating segments so that they have better visibility for the costs and can therefore manage them more effectively. All information in the news release has been reclassified to conform to both of these changes. Information discounting the impact of these changes for 2005 through 2007 by quarter can be found on our website. Details of our guidance are in the news release. I do want to highlight that our guidance for non North American revenue growth in 2008 compared to 2007 is in the low to mid-teens percentage range. To support the growth we see in 2008 and 2009, we are increasing our capital spending 15% to $1.3 billion. This budget supports our continued expansion of international infrastructure and addition of high technology tools in anticipation of higher offshore rig activity in late 2008 and 2009. I should also highlight that in Q4 2007, we had approximately $100 million of export of manufacturing shipments in our completion and production segment that are not likely to recur in the first quarter of 2008. As I mentioned earlier, our year-over-year oil field incremental margin for the full year 2007 compared to 2006 was 25%, excluding the inventory adjustment of Baker Atlas. The combination of more needed price increases and higher costs, which we are managing tightly, lead us to expect year-over-year oil field incremental margins to be between 20% and 25% in 2008. I will now turn the call over to Chad.
Chad Deaton: All right, thank you, Peter. Good morning, everyone. Over the past two quarters we have continuously worked to try to control our costs and to be able to obtain fair pricing for the value of the services that we are delivering to our clients. What we are seeing over these last couple of quarters, is that several companies in the industry have seen some margin deterioration, while at Baker Hughes we have been able to hold operating field margins fairly steady. However, this overall margin deterioration in the industry does causes some concern as we are beginning to see some price erosion that is starting to occur in some markets. Before I discuss our segment operations, I would like just set the stage here for a minute with a quick review of our regional performance. Looking at first at the non-North American regions, Latin American revenue increased 10% year-over-year compared to a 9% increase in the rate count. The majority of the revenue increase was in the D&E segment and that was led by INTEQ in Brazil and by gains of Hughes Christensen in Brazil and Mexico. Latin America revenue decreased 2% sequentially and that was about in line with what rig decrease in the rig activity were. Revenue for the Europe, Africa, Russia and Caspian region was up 19% year-on-year and 1% sequentially. European revenues were strong, were up 20% compared to Q4 2006. And sequentially European revenue was up 2% despite a 3% decrease in the rig count, which was attributable to weather related delays in the quarter. INTEQ, Baker Atlas, Baker Oil Tools and Baker Petrolite all reported strong results from the North Sea operation. In Russia and the Caspian revenue was up 63% year-on-year, with strong contributions from all the divisions and sequentially revenues increased 15% with the strongest contribution coming from Centrilift and INTEQ. Russia now ranks as our number six country in terms of revenue with '07 revenue in access of $425 million. Russia itself is up over 80% compared to last year. Africa was a challenge for us in Q4. Africa revenue was down 8% year-on-year and down 10% sequentially. The year-on-year in sequential revenue decline was primarily due to lower activity in the completion and production segment. Looking at the Middle East, AsiaPac, Asia Pacific area revenue was up 14% year-on-year. That compares to a rig count which was up 6%. The Middle East revenue were up 21% year-over-year on a 5% increase in the rig count. And the Middle East revenue was up 23% sequentially and that was led by INTEQ and Baker Oil Tools in Saudi Arabia. Saudi is now the fifth largest country in terms of revenue with '07 revenues of about $480 million or a 23% increase from last year, which was a significant increase from a year before end. North American revenue was up 7% year-over-year and flat sequentially compared to a rate count that was unchanged. In Q4 growth in the land rig count continue to slow, as US land revenue was up 2% year-on-year compared to a 6% increase in the land rig count with growth strongest for D&E led by INTEQ and Hughes Christensen up several percent as well. C&P's land revenue was up with strong increases at Centrilift and Baker Petrolite. Weakness in the offshore market was greater than planned as the rig count did not rebound to Q3 levels following the hurricane season and offshore revenue was up 2% compared to the year ago quarter despite of 33% decline in the rig count. On a sequential basis, offshore revenue was down 2% and again that is compared to a 20% decline in the rig count, and we saw solid revenue growth in our C&P segment, which nearly offset the decrease in Drilling and Evaluation revenues. As expected market conditions in Canada continue to be poor, revenue was down 10% year-on-year compared to a rig count that was down 19%. As expected, lower rate activity primarily impacted our D&E segment. C&P revenues actually increased 10% year-on-year with Baker Petrolite posting revenue growth in Canada approaching 20%. Turning now to the segment discussion, market conditions in North America had a differential impact on our segment performance. Our completion of production segment continued to perform well, our D&E segment which is tied mostly as you know to the rig activity was challenged by a competitive price environment. I'm going to turn the call over to Martin Craighead; Martin is our Group President for Drilling and Evaluation. He is going to review the results for his segment and I'm going to come back and tell the highlights for the completion of our production segment.
Martin Craighead: Thanks, Chad. Good morning everyone. Q4 revenue for the D&E segment was up 9% year-on-year and up 1% sequentially. To put this in some context, the worldwide rig count was up 2% year-on-year and essentially flat on a sequential basis. D&E's operating margin in Q4 was 25% that's down 300 basis points compared to the fourth quarter of 2006 were down a little more than 100 basis points, when you exclude the impact of the $21.2 million inventory adjustment at Baker Atlas. The year-on-year incremental margin was 11% calculated on a basis that excludes the Baker Atlas inventory adjustment. Chad discussed the challenging operating environment in North America that we faced in the fourth quarter. This environment presents us specific challenges to our Drilling and Evaluation business due to their leverage to the rig count. Overall, we saw price deterioration that resulted from a combination of the weak Canadian market, slower growth in the US land market, and a smaller than anticipated recovery in the US offshore market. In Q4, supply finally met demand in the D&E segment for North America. As such, we realized no price improvements and we don't expect the environment to improve anytime soon. Yet, while gains realized from the previous supply demand in balance are diminishing, customers are still willing to pay for good well side execution for Premium Technologies that solve their toughest drilling or evaluation problems. Furthermore, we will continue to pursue price for the value we deliver and at the same time maintain discipline over our operational cost base. Now outside of North America D&E saw areas of tremendous growth. In Latin America this is being led by Brazil were D&E revenue has more than doubled and profitability continues to improve quarter-to-quarter. In the Eastern Hemisphere, we drill the longest extended rich well in the world breaking the record, we set last year of over 37,000 feet. Baker Hughes provide a directional drilling, logging-while-drilling, drill bits on the project and we're happy to report that Baker Oil Tools had a world record (inaudible). Baker Hughes has now drilled 13 of the 15 longest extended reach wells ever drilled. Working for Gazprom on a per gas rig in Russia, we drilled a well in Astrocon using advanced technology from INTEQ, directional drilling group, Hughes Christensen bits and Baker Hughes Drilling Fluids. We completed this important well 30% faster than any other offset well in the area leading to a ward of additional wells in 2008. VertiTrak and related technologies were critical for our breaking into the Chinese land market in 2007, working for Chinese operators on land is a great opportunity for Baker Hughes to expand from the offshore market where we hold a significant position. And last, Im happy to report that Baker Atlas is delivering solid results on the investments we made in the past with good international revenue growth and very strong incrementals. With that I'll turn the call back over to Chad.
Chad Deaton: Alright, thanks Martin. I want to just make one clarification point Gary pointed out to me when you were talking about North American land growth year-on-year, quarter-to-quarter. Land revenue was actually up 12% on a year-on-year compared to 6% rate count decline, I think I said 2%. Moving now to completion of production, completion of production we've been working on this area for quite some time. It delivered very solid results in the fourth quarter, as we said before this segment and more specifically Baker Petrolite and Centrilift should perform well in periods where rig count growth slows and this is exactly what occurred beginning in Q3 and was clearly evident in Q4. These businesses were less constrained by the North American rig activity flatten and therefore had stronger performance in our rig dependant product line. CMP revenues was up 14% year-on-year and was up 4% compared to the third quarter. Operating profit increased 26% compared to the year ago quarter and CMP's operating margin increased over 200 basis points year-on-year and over 100 basis points on a sequential basis in an increase. The segment delivered a year-on-year incremental margin of 38%. Going forward and looking at the outlook, long-term fundamentals of this industry we do not believe have changed. Global demand continues to be driven by expanding economies in Asia and Middle East. We believe that oil and gas companies around the world will increase their spending on exploration, development and production in order to meet this growing demand and this is particularly true in the eastern hemisphere. And today's high price of oil tells us that we've not yet satisfied this need. However there are some near-term challenges that we in this industry must manage through. We continue to see a challenging market in Canada, at least through 2008. We are in the peak drilling season right now, but expect a sharp pullback in activity as the breakup emerges in late Q1. We continue to take steps to ensure our business is appropriately sized to the market opportunity and we expect, however, that the competitive pricing environment will be there for the balance of the year. In the US, we see a market where in the short-term supply and demand are relatively balanced. Pricing is more challenging in today's market than it was a year ago, but I expect Baker Petrolite and Centrilift will continue to perform well in this market. We see continued growth opportunities in the international arena in 2008. The price outlook for non-North American markets is good and there is room for margins to continue to expand. However, market conditions are clearly not as tight in 2006 and early 2007 and therefore margin growth will moderate. Deepwater activity will be constrained in 2008 by rig availability thus limiting the growth of some high margin product lines, but we expect this will improve as new bills enter the market in 2009. Our operations are impacted by the rigorously compliant matter, and we are conducting business under the deferred prosecution agreement that we entered into with the U.S. government last year. We continue to expand significant resources in support of our compliance activity.
 : With respect to technology, we opened Phase I of the Center for Technology and Innovation here in Houston in November and Phase II is scheduled to completion in mid-2008. This facility will focus on development of completion of production systems for harsh environments, particularly the deepwater and extreme high temperature high pressure applications. The technologies that we are developing will be critical to completing and producing hydrocarbons from the deepwater wells scheduled to be drilled later this decade. As the only facility in the world capable of simulating the temperatures and pressures we'll encounter in these harsh environments, the CTS center will help Baker Hughes maintain its leadership in the most advanced completion system. We've also continued to invest in other technologies, as evidenced by our ongoing increases in research and engineering spending, and R&D spending will increase by about 17% this year to approximately $435 million. We continue to recruit and hire and develop people for the international growth that we see. The new campus in Dubai which opens this month will play an instrumental role on training for the Eastern hemisphere. The significant investment we've made in this facility demonstrates that we are committed to developing and training our people.  One example of our investment in people is the engineering and development training program for our recent engineering hires. This program is a first step in preparing these engineers for future management roles in Baker Hughes. I spend a lot of time with these young engineers, and personally I've had a chance to meet most of the 624 engineers, that have come from 42 different countries and universities around the world and have now graduated from our lead engineering development program in '07. They are an outstanding group with young talent that compliments our proven professionals that we have in Baker Hughes for a well. So in summary, I think 2008 I thinks its going to be a challenging year for the industry, but I believe is one of transition. There is no doubt that global hydrocarbon demand is real, not going away. Oil and gas reservoir declines are real and there are 160 new offshore rigs that are being built and will be delivered over the next years are real. And with that all of this points to a strong market in this industry for many years to come. Gary lets open it for questions.
Gary Flaharty: Alright, thank you Chad. With this point I'll ask Regina to open the lines for your questions. To give everyone a fair chance to ask a question, we ask that you limit yourself to a single question and a related follow-up question. Regina, could we have the first question please.
Operator: (Operator Instructions). Your first question will be from Geoff Kieburtz with Citigroup.
Geoff Kieburtz - Citigroup:  Good morning.
Gary Flaharty: Good morning Geoff.
Geoff Kieburtz - Citigroup:  Chad, I guess I would like to focus on the guidance for the international growth and sort of frame it in terms of - trying to understand how you are thinking about it as we look at Baker's international growth over the last couple of years. It has lagged most of the peers. Your guidance for '08 is also a little bit lower. Is that a concern of yours, is there some expectation that that will change as we go through '08 and get into 2009?
Chad Deaton: You know Geoff, first our growth was 21% international '06, '07. You are right. It's not keeping up with some of the peers. Some thing that we are consciously aware of. Couple of years ago, we sat down and what we said is that we think that the West to East needs to happen and we pointed out several key countries where we wanted to do several things. We wanted to expand the build our infrastructure. We wanted to make sure we are in recruiting and getting the people. Very importantly to us, as we wanted to just not have a presence in these countries, in order to win a contract, but we wanted to be able to make sure that we were there, executing properly and that we solve the technical issues of our client. So, we identified we were on to the countries Brazil, Russia, India, Qatar, Saudi, and Malaysia. These were all countries where Baker Hughes in essence had a presence. They sold products there. But we really didn't have the infrastructure that was needed. So, we targeted these countries and in everyone of those today, we have a very strong market share position. We are drilling some of the most complicated wells. And we are solidly there, and it's not that we are just in and out. Now you look at some areas, where we are not growing as rapidly. In those, areas places like Mexico, Africa and specifically Nigeria, Angola, Libya to some degree. You got Asia, and this is Phase II. Now this is part of the $1.3 billion capital program that we have going through next year. We will start doing the similar type thing in those areas, and establishing ourselves stronger and to be able to expand those. I think the other thing that we also just need to keep in mind, as a company we are operating under DPA, a deferred prosecution agreement. And this does tend to make the Management team a little cautious. We tend to probably air on the conservative side when it comes to looking at some of these. We have established some very, very strong compliance standards in the company. I think they are state-of-the-art. We look at these projects very carefully. Maybe we're a little bit slow in terms of moving on some of these projects in some areas. We do the monitor and his team in place and we are working with them and his team with the processes we have and I think as time moves forward, Geoff. We will refine some of these processes and get better at them. We like our position. We are proud of the fact that we do have strong compliance standards and we do believe that in time this is going to pay benefits to us. So, yeah, I think this is our strategy as we move forward. We looking at these countries, we move into them. We establish our sites strongly and then we move on to the next wave. I don't know if that answers your question.
Geoff Kieburtz - Citigroup: No, it does not. Just specifically on the deferred prosecution agreement, what's the duration of that or maybe that's not the relevant question, maybe its, how long do you think it takes to effectively get to the point where it's not an impediment to Baker's ability to do business?
Chad Deaton: Well, the DPA was a two year DPA and we have a three year monitor agreement. The two year DPA will expire a year from April. So, it will be one year this April we have been in it, we entered it a year ago. But whether it expires or not this is something that we believe is the way we need to operate in terms of our policies and procedures. And the thing is that we are getting better and again I think the monitor will help us with this. It allows us to give extras in our processes, in our procedures, our in place so that we can move on some of these projects. It applies the same thing with acquisitions. We are moving through on acquisitions. We need a process that we will make the acquisition. We know that we've done our due diligence and that we are able to purchase a company that we understand clearly. So I think that we got to move through this next year and we'll continuously improve I believe as we go through it.
Geoff Kieburtz - Citigroup: Pretty good. Thank you
Chad Deaton: All right.
Gary Flaharty: Thank you, Geoff.
Operator: Your next question will be from Bill Herbert of Simmons & Company.
Bill Herbert - Simmons & Company: Thanks. Good Morning 
Chad Deaton: Good Morning, Bill.
Bill Herbert - Simmons & Company: Chad, trying to understand a little bit the margin guidance. I guess last year if I recall correctly, we established targeted incrementals at 25%, now it's 20% to 25%. On a normalized basis, if you back out the inventory adjustment, we're 27% in the fourth quarter. So 20% to 25% or degradation in incrementals going forward is a function of what primarily, is it price?
Chad Deaton: Yeah, I think its North America, really in North America, you got to throw in price.
Bill Herbert - Simmons & Company: Yeah.
Chad Deaton: Prices are still holding up internationally.
Bill Herbert - Simmons & Company: Right.
Chad Deaton: You do see some big projects that are coming out now. We could start sensing some aggressiveness out there. But to the most part, I think our incrementals non-North America improved '06 to '07. We have room to do that. But I think the pressure is going to come from the North America side.
Bill Herbert - Simmons & Company: With the assumption that the first quarter for North America isn't a disaster, I mean you're having a reasonable winter out in Canada, although it's still fairly depressed from an activity standpoint, but improving and U.S. continues to lumber along. Expectations for the first quarter operationally, are you flat with Q4, higher or lower?
Chad Deaton: Total or are you talking about North America?
Bill Herbert - Simmons & Company: Total.
Chad Deaton: Well, I think we are going to be down from Q4. We put in a release about the $100 million.
Bill Herbert - Simmons & Company: Tax for sales, got that.
Chad Deaton: Yeah, Q4 is usually great for us. We will have '08 Q4 will be a strong for us as well. I think we are going to have -- Russia has now become a fairly large area for us.
Bill Herbert - Simmons & Company: Okay.
Chad Deaton: And go back to last year, first quarter Russia was a disaster.
Bill Herbert - Simmons & Company: Yeah.
Chad Deaton: I think Russia is going to be tough this first quarter as well.
Bill Herbert - Simmons & Company: Okay.
Chad Deaton: So if you factor those in, I think you will see that Q1 will be down, but we see Q2, Q3, Q4 building back up.
Bill Herbert - Simmons & Company: That's helpful. Thanks. And then just one last one for you. Any update on two fronts with regard to Manifa one and also I guess there has been talk about a large tender from Angola, BP offshore, that is pretty significant. Any updates on those two projects?
Chad Deaton: Manifa, they are hot and heavy in the awarding of this thing and I really shouldn't make any comments on that one.
Bill Herbert - Simmons & Company: Okay. Hot and heavy meaning they are about to award it?
Chad Deaton: I think it is very close to being awarded, yes.
Bill Herbert - Simmons & Company: Okay, great. We will keep our fingers crossed.
Chad Deaton: And as far as Angola goes, it is still pending and we did win a nice contract which they do look a lot at Angola in content and et cetera.
Bill Herbert - Simmons & Company: Yeah.
Chad Deaton: We were directly awarded, that helps us because we think that we are in pretty good standing with the client there. We just got to make sure that we remain in good standing with the client there, we just got to make sure that we are in good standing with the government.
Bill Herbert - Simmons & Company: And that's your contention with respect to your incremental investment in that region to enhance your local content there?
Chad Deaton: Yeah. Again, it goes back to this West Africa thing and our build out there, we are just signing, we are starting a new base in Nigeria, we are looking at doing a similar thing in Angola, so this will show that our commitment is there.
Bill Herbert - Simmons & Company: Okay. Thanks very much.
Chad Deaton: Yeah.
Operator: Your next question will be from the line of Jim Crandell with Lehman Brothers.
Chad Deaton: Good morning, Jim.
Jim Crandell - Lehman Brothers: Good morning. Smith yesterday announced the 7% US drill bit increase and there seems to be several areas, Martin, including many of yours where you are competitors that have either just announced price increases or are preparing to. Have you increased list prices in any of your US businesses to offset costs and maybe get a bit above that and what's your opinion on whether these price increases can spec?
Martin Craighead: Jim, yes, the price increases come out as new products come out and Hughes is a master at innovation and so we expect price increases to be part of the plan. But I think the thing to keep in mind is that price is obviously a function of demand and as I said in my comments, the supply demand balance in North America is pretty much in equilibrium right now. So, as far as pushing price as a result of leveraging the lack of supply, that's passed. Price is going to be tied directly to innovation and new technology and again I go back to Hughes record on that.
Jim Crandell - Lehman Brothers: You don't believe that you could increase prices without matured increase or introduction of new products?
Martin Craighead: That's correct.
Jim Crandell - Lehman Brothers: Okay. Getting back to the first question Chad, you think that one of the major reasons for the slower growth internationally relative to your competitors is that, they are getting a lot more IPM work and in certain regions that's beginning to become a greater and greater part of the total and does that make you want to become more aggressive or more active in that area?
Chad Deaton: No, I don't think it's an IPM issue at all, Jim. We've use this term before you call it to me or I call it tomorrow. We are doing bundling or integrated services in certain parts of the world. Algeria, we hear about integrated project management in Algeria, we have six rigs for (inaudible) that we are managing. We are working with, as many as if more than any of them in there. Mexico is truly an area that IPM or integrated project management does hold. One of the issues there is you are managing third party services, clients tend to want to push these type of things, because they get better pricing and bundling of services. I don't think this IPM; I don't think we have a problem. We are taking some on in; Russia is an area where we have taken on some projects like that. But I don't think that's our issue.
Jim Crandell - Lehman Brothers: Okay. And just one point of clarification, the $100 million decline quarter-to-quarter you are expecting in export shipments. Is that mostly Russia and what product lines is that in?
Chad Deaton: Its mostly in the C&P side, its mostly in BOT, and in Centrilift, it's the combination of Russia, the Middle East, West Africa, several different places.
Jim Crandell - Lehman Brothers: Okay. And final question Martin, Atlas has gone through some fairly major changes in the US operations under new management can you comment on how .
Martin Craighead: Yes, sure Jim. As I mentioned, internationally the company is running full throttle and we are all really satisfied. North America, it's progressing well. We have some ground that we need to make up. I'd say we are happy, but we are never going to be satisfied, and again we are looking at a price environment that won't be as buoyant and I think the execution on the wireline side is going to be very much in the hands of those companies that can sell value and that have a nice technology portfolio. And again as you know Atlas is sitting pretty in that regard. So, it's going well and we think it will be much, much better in '08.
Chad Deaton: Yeah Jim, I just want to make a comment, maybe Martin didn't pat himself on the back hard enough or Atlas on the back hard enough. But you know we all remember in '06 when we were pouring quite a bit of money into Atlas and making a lot of changes there, but Atlas if you look at '06 to '07, '07 for Atlas was a very good year, and North America was exception. Martin talked about the changes there, but the other three regions around the world, it was a very strong year. So, I think we got Atlas moving ahead, the morale out there is fantastic. We just had a meeting out there and listening to those guys and they are pumped up. So I think '08 will be a good year for Atlas.
Jim Crandell - Lehman Brothers: Okay. And Chad one final question. Andrew on his call mentioned Russia as being one of the areas of strongest growth, do you still see yourself in a rapid ramp up there with Russia being one among your let's say top ten countries, one of your strongest rates of increases in '08?
Chad Deaton:
 :
Jim Crandell - Lehman Brothers: Okay. Thank you very much.
Chad Deaton: You bet.
Operator: Your next question will be from Michael LaMotte of JP Morgan.
Michael Lamotte  JP Morgan: Good morning.
Martin Craighead: Good morning, Mike.
Michael Lamotte  JP Morgan: Chad, in a period which you described as challenging, utilization of the equipment and operating efficiency is critical. Can you talk about some of the initiatives that youve taken to maintain operating efficiency this year?
Chad Deaton:
 :
Michael Lamotte  JP Morgan: Okay. And then Baker Petrolite specifically interesting to see the revenue growth accelerate through the year, youre in 10% range or so, year-over-year in the first half, now youre in high teens in the second half. Can you talk about the trends in that business in particular, whether high teens is something we can continue to expect out of Petrolite this year?
Chad Deaton: Well Petrolite, go back a couple of years ago in that pressure pumping and everything was going crazy and we kept talking about our CMP business and that's why I said in the call that we're starting to see CMP do what we believe that it would do in a slowing market and Petrolite is a perfect example. These guys are sold out right now, they've been beat up pretty hard on material costs over the last couple of years. But they're starting to see, now this is nearly where we believe that we'll be seeing some price improvement as we go forward, Centrilift, a little bit the same thing. So, we're going to put some capital in to Petrolite, weve not put as much in over the last couple of years, because we were feeding the D&E side. But clearly this coming year, '08 would be a year that more investment goes into Petrolite. And again the other thing that I think is part of their success is, Petrolite was very strong in the North Sea and in the U.S. and we used this west to east build out from the facilities we have to get Petrolite people in these countries around the world and they are having lot of success, Saudi some of these other areas, we're seeing some nice international growth coming out of them. So, I think the CMP side will be good in '08 and going into '09.
Michael Lamotte  JP Morgan: Is it flow assurance or paraffin or corrosion resistance within Petrolite?
Chad Deaton: Exactly its friction in our pipeline, it's refining, weve got a fairly large refining group in Petrolite that's doing well, its desalinations, its a very broad product line. And again it's not that just upstream, the downstream side is tending to grow as well.
Michael Lamotte  JP Morgan: Okay, good. Thanks
Operator: Your next question will be from Ken Sill with Credit Suisse.
Ken Sill - Credit Suisse:  Good morning.
Chad Deaton: Hi, Ken.
Ken Sill - Credit Suisse: I was little surprise, I wanted to dig down a little bit more into, capacity reaching or supply demand imbalance in North America, I can kind of see that in some of the business, but is that also true for the directional drilling side of things? That seems to be an area where pretty much everybody is exciting, there is still pretty solid growth.
Martin Craighead: Ken, this is Martin. I would say that yes it is, it's -- there are some pockets in North America. If you look at Canada, certainly supply is reaching, if not in some cases exceeding demand, same within the Gulf Coast. Some of the shell place, resource basins in the continental U.S. are still tight. And I don't want to paint a completely dark picture, we're still getting some price increases when it comes to personnel and there is still shortage of supply on some specific technologies across all the D&E product lines. But the thing you have to keep in mind in North America is that the price outside of new technology and improving mix, if we just talk about price that this industry has enjoyed, which is exploding that supply demand, that as you referenced, that's past, in large part that's just about gone. And so, what you're seeing is creative tendering, some of our competitors call it integrated services, quite frankly its integrated discounting. It's one way to blend the discount of one product line into another one. And in your models, price is not really directly co-relatable to rig count. It's the function of the rig count change. And so, what you've seen over the last couple of years is the rig count has definitely outpaced our ability in the supply chain to keep up with demand. But the modest growth we see going forward on the rig count is not going to strain our D&E groups or our competitive groups. So, I think the ability to leverage shortage of supply is a thing of the past.
Ken Sill - Credit Suisse: Just out of curiosity, I mean it looks like the penetration of directional into the market has gone from 15% or so of the market, I guess five or six years ago you announced maybe 44%, 45%. Do you think we're kind of reaching a point of market saturation? Or do you think with pricing kind of flatting out here or getting a little bit more competitive that you'll continue to see growth in that business in terms of demand, but not in terms of price?
Martin Craighead: Well, you know it Ken. The reason that technology took off because of the innovation of ourselves and some of our competitors in the stability of directional drilling, the fluid systems, the bits and some other formation evaluation that's come from guys like Atlas. And that allow our customers to develop that and exploit this resource place. That's going to continue and more people are going to move into the market. So, to answer your question, that percentage of horizontal and highly deviated wells is going to continue to grow. We don't see any shortage in that at all.
Ken Sill - Credit Suisse: Okay. And how long do you think you'll hit 80%, 90% penetration over another three to four years, or will it be a little bit slower than that going forward?
Martin Craighead: I don't know if I'd say it's that high and it depends on the mix of exploration versus development. And as you know, there are not many exploration plays left in North America, so it could get that far. It certainly could, but I think that's a few years out to reach those numbers.
Ken Sill - Credit Suisse: Okay. Thank you very much.
Chad Deaton: I think technology is going to play in this as well. Smaller diameter tools, equipment, etcetera, will continue to get new breakthroughs and efficiencies.
Ken Sill - Credit Suisse: Yeah, okay. And I mean obviously I guess there are four of you now that are primary competitors driving the technology, or is it easy to differentiate or possible to differentiate a lot between what you and main competitors can do?
Martin Craighead: Ken, that's a great question. If you look at some of the big resource developers, EnCana, EOG, Chesapeake and particularly Devon, these guys really only go to one or two directional drilling companies. They pay a premium. They've got a lot stake. They run their operations like a factory in some of these cases and don't mess around. Now there is lot of second tier, third tier developers out there and there are a little bit more price sensitive. But as Chad referenced and Peter referenced in terms of our margins, we kind of stayed focused on the guys pay for value.
Ken Sill - Credit Suisse: Okay. All right. Thanks.
Operator: Your next question will be from Dan Pickering with Tudor, Pickering, Holt.
Dan Pickering - Tudor, Pickering, Holt:  Good morning guys.
Chad Deaton: Good morning, Dan.
Dan Pickering - Tudor, Pickering, Holt:  I would like to look at the drilling and evaluation business, specifically in North America, you report four segments there. And again just trying to make sure I understand the components of the price pressure, if we look at those four areas or four business segments as we look to 2008, you would expect price to be down in which of the four segments in '08 year-over-year?
Martin Craighead: I think the one that's probably I would say our drilling include the business on the conventional fluid side is probably the one that could suffer the most on price. Now in particular that division what you see as lot of innovation on the completion fluid side and the environmental services to try to negate that, nut on one of the mill drilling fluids that's an area that's probably going to be under the most pressure. On the other end of this spectrum, you are going to see somewhat more advanced wireline technologies, particularly again back this resource plays where you are seeing mineralogy typing and so forth, getting premium, premium values that we have never seen before, and if that penetrates more and more in the absorption into the market, we will see I think may be some price increases. So it really gets back Dan, to commodity products being attacked first and the higher value ones being insulated.
Dan Pickering - Tudor Pickering: Right, I understand that but. I am going try and pin you down, because the price pressure comment, again I think as questionnaires have indicated it. Its clearly, you guys are more cautious than anybody we've heard so far. So I want to make sure, I understand where. So, Atlas aggregate as you look at it, down year-over-year in pricing, for the business not just the high end but all of it?
Martin Craighead: I would say Atlas in aggregate, Dan will be flat to slightly down on price.
Dan Pickering - Tudor Pickering: Okay and I understand you guys are growing capacity and taking some share et cetera and then INTEQ aggregate pricing?
Martin Craighead: Aggregate North America, with the way Canada is shaping up and our strong, strong position. Yes, I would say probably down on price.
Dan Pickering - Tudor Pickering: Okay, bits in aggregate. New product mix, as I understand it's going to get some pricing commodity probably isn't aggregate Hughes Christensen.
Martin Craighead: No.
Dan Pickering - Tudor Pickering: Pricing will be up there in 2008.
Martin Craighead: It won't be down.
Dan Pickering - Tudor Pickering: Okay great fantastic. Second question would be, for Gary or Chad. You guys do a great job tracking rig count. And I know you look at expectations for 2008. Can you share with us how you see US, Canada and international from a rig count perspective?
Gary Flaharty: Sure can Dan, this is Gary. We have got the US rig count basically up a couple percentage points. The Canadian rig count, kind of I think in the range of other people, we've got it down about 9% compared to 2007. On the international side we've got a rig count forecast there, that's up about 9.5%.
Dan Pickering - Tudor Pickering: Great. Thank you so much guys.
Operator: Your next question will be from Brad Handler with Wachovia Capital Markets.
Brad Handler - Wachovia Capital Markets: Thanks, good morning.
Chad Deaton: Good morning.
Brad Handler - Wachovia Capital Markets: Could you please speak to how much of your '08 outlook is sort of in the books already. What opportunities there are given what you have bid on internationally to I suppose raise what you deliver at the end of the day?
Chad Deaton : It's hard to say that in the book, Brad. But I would say what our outlook is pretty firm. I think where the upside will be or in some of these areas like we talked about Angola. Although, if block 31 starts it would be towards the end of '08 at the best. I think Manifa, it's not in there, wherever that goes and what swings come out of that. We don't have much from Mexico plugged in there and Mexico is going to be a target area for us. We said last call there are like $10 billion or so some large contracts out there, some kind of integrated type multi-service contracts out there. These will be awarded throughout '08 and a lot of these will start up in '09. So I would say that we feel pretty comfortable with the numbers that we have in there, and there's clearly some upside depending on who wins some of these big projects. StatoilHydro has got a big tender that's sitting out there. It hasn't been awarded yet. We won't plug those in unless we think we've got a great shot of winning them.
Brad Handler - Wachovia Capital Markets: Sure. No, that's why it makes sense. I guess as a quickie follow-up on Mexico target area. Have you already begun bidding on some of what PEMEX is, and have you already begun working actively with PEMEX on opportunities?
Chad Deaton: Yeah, we've been working very actively with [PEMEX], weve preferred not to go into the project management where we are building roads and doing other things, but at the same time, we continue to be invited back with PEMEX to  they've got a lot of completions, some multi-laterals that we are looking at. They clearly want Baker Hughes in there, and this is part of what were trying to negotiate with them to see how we can come in and through some kind of arrangement, be able to offer our services in there, without necessarily becoming road builders and facility builders and etcetera.
Brad Handler - Wachovia Capital Markets: Are you describing a scenario where you might to be, kind of a, sort of a, I dont know, picked to be sub-contractor for certain types of well construction activity?
Chad Deaton: Yeah, thats correct. I mean, BOT does well in Mexico, weve got a majority of liner hangers been awarded to us, we provide a lot of it [but] from the integrated packages down there, were starting to see several different companies come in and say that they'll be the new project manager. Several different groups they've contacted us wanting our services in there. So rather and that's being one project manager running our services, if this goes in Mexico, there may be four or five that you can be working for that are called project managers.
Brad Handler - Wachovia Capital Markets: Okay, if I may just an unrelated follow up. The margin improvement in CNP this quarter, I guess, I was a little surprised by just because the strength and revenue seemed to come from what I think of as lower margin products in Petrolite, Centrilift relative to Baker oil source. Am I on target there, and does that suggests that there has been actually some easing of the cost pressure you guys have cited in previous quarters? Was that just a price function of getting the price on what you did ship?
Chad Deaton: No, I think, we got the price on what we shipped. We clearly got our supply chain in better shape on BOT. Centrilift depending on the ESPs and the level of complexity, could have some good margins on some good shipments. This depends on whether it's a shallow-hole country or problem areas. And Petrolite, same thing, you can have it's not just a commodity. So there are some high-end products in Petrolite that will deliver good margins. As I mentioned Petrolite is an area where we've been under a lot of cost pressure because of materials. It's still there, but I think that we are now being able to pass on some of the pricing to offset those and that's one of the reasons why we are seeing C&P do better.
Brad Handler - Wachovia Capital Markets: Okay. So the comfort level with sort of running in the higher margin, it sounds like comfort level running at the higher margins in C&P based on some favorable mix going forward and what you've done on the supply chain side.
Chad Deaton: Yeah, again we talk about Q1, I think Q1 is going to be a challenged force in that area, but for '08, we like the direction that we see C&P going both from an activity standpoint, as well as some pricing potential.
Brad Handler - Wachovia Capital Markets: I understand, got it. That helps. Thanks.
Chad Deaton: Thanks.
Gary Flaharty: Alright, thanks, Fred. Regina, at this point could we take one final question please?
Operator: Yes, sir. Your last question will be from the line of Robin Shoemaker with Bear Stearns.
Robin Shoemaker - Bear Stearns: Yes, thank you. Chad, I wanted to ask you what you are calling Phase II of the international expansion. I assume that as that gets on track, we can expect to hear about startup costs and other issues that we heard about in Phase I. And I just wonder given the nature of those countries and what you have to do to establish infrastructure there, whether it would be the same order of magnitude as the Phase I countries or perhaps less or more?
Chad Deaton: Well, startup costs I think. Again I go back to Brazil, where we went from two rigs to 10 rigs, we are there now for four years and we have the new facility. Of course the huge one was Saudi, where again three to four years ago we really didnt have a presence in Saudi and today, we have a very strong presence in Saudi. Thats allowing us to start bringing some of these people out of Saudi, out of Brazil and start, being able to roll them into some of these other areas. So, there will be these people cost that needs to have expats versus nationals. But the build out will be, we just finished a new base in Mexico, we have another one thats started, and like I said, Nigeria has got a base been built. You could look at what we have done over the last couple of years and thats now going to be repeated in some of these next areas over the next year or two. And one other thing, that if you looked at our margins, you can see that very strong margins '05 as we ramped up, hired 5,500 net people in the end of '05 and '06, that some pressure on margins in '07, '06, early '07. Last couple of quarters margins have been in there fairly strong compared to the industry margins. And we want to maintain those and we think we can and still be able to go into this phase too. Depending again what happens in North America. There is going to be some pressure in North America, but internationally we think we can continue to hold the margins.
Robin Shoemaker - Bear Stearns: Okay. Just one quick follow-up on your, just pricing commentary about, on world markets, are there any other markets apart from North America that you consider to be in equilibrium as you call it and where you are potentially experiencing some pricing pressure, either in the commodity lines or in the higher end higher end product lines.
Chad Deaton: No, is everything else is still -- we still have some opportunity there. North America is the only place, where we really seen that right now.
Robin Shoemaker - Bear Stearns: Okay. Thank you, thats all I have.
Chad Deaton: Okay.
Gary Flaharty: Thanks, Robin and thank you Chad, Peter and Martin. We thank everyone and all of our participants this morning for your time and your thoughtful questions. Following the conclusion of today's call, both Gene and I will be available to answer any additional questions you may have. So, once again thank you for your participation. Regina?
Operator: Thank you for participating in today's Baker Hughes corporate conference call. This call will be available for replay, beginning at 11:30 a.m. Eastern, 10:30 a.m. Central and will be available through 11:59 p.m. Eastern time on Wednesday, February 13th, 2008. The conference ID number for the replay is 25959373. Again, the conference ID number for the replay is 25959373. The number to dial for the replay is 800-642-1687 in the U.S. or 706-645-9291 for international. That's 800-642-1687 in the U.S. or 706-645-9291 international. You may now disconnect.

===== 2007 Q3  (2007-10-26 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Gary Flaharty - Director, IR Chad Deaton - CEO and Chairman Rod Clark - President and COO Peter Ragauss - CFO
Analysts: Jim Crandell - Lehman Brothers Bill Herbert - Simmons &Company Ken Sill - Credit Suisse Dan Pickering - Tudor Pickering Ole Slorer - Morgan Stanley Michael LaMotte - JP Morgan Ben Dell - Bernstein Robin Shoemaker - Bear Stearns Geoff Kieburtz  Citi
Operator: Good morning. My name is Luanneand I will be your conference facilitator. At this time, I would like towelcome everyone to the Baker Hughes Third Quarter 2007 Earnings ConferenceCall. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. Afterthe speaker's remarks there will be a question-and-answer period. (OperatorInstructions). Thank you. I'll now turn the conference over to Mr. GaryFlaharty, Director of Investor Relations. Sir, you may proceed.
Gary Flaharty: All right. Thank you, Luanne andgood morning everyone. Welcome to the Baker Hughes third quarter 2007 earningsconference call. Here with me this morning are Chad Deaton, Baker Hughes' ChiefExecutive Officer and Chairman; Rod Clark, Baker Hughes' President and ChiefOperating Officer and Peter Ragauss, Baker Hughes' Senior Vice President andChief Financial Officer. Following management's comments we'll open the linefor your questions. Reconciliation of operatingprofits and non-GAAP measures to GAAP results for historic periods can be foundon our website at www.bakerhughes.com in the investor relations section underfinancial information. Last, I caution you that anycompany outlooks discussed this morning are subject to various risk factors.We'll try to highlight these risk factors as we make these forward-lookingstatements, however, the format of the call does prevent a more thoroughdiscussion of these risk factors. So for a full discussion of these riskfactors, please refer to our annual report, 10-K, 10-Q, and in particular theforward-looking disclosure in this morning's news release. With that, I'll conclude ourdiscussion of the administrative details and turn the call over to Chad Deaton.Chad?
Chad Deaton: Thank you very much, Gary good morning,everyone. This morning we reported income from continuing operations for thethird quarter of 2007 of $389 million or $1.22 per share. This $1.22 per shareis up $0.13 or 12% from the $1.09 we reported in the second quarter of '07, andthe third quarter of '06. Revenue is up $2.68 billion,which was $2.68 billion, which is up $368 million or 16% from the third quarterof '06 and it was up $140 million or 6% sequentially. Outside of North America, revenue was up 22% compared to a year agoand was up 5% sequentially. Continued expansion in the internationalmarkets with seasonal recovery in Canada,a stable recount in US landand the increases in Gulf of Mexico revenueall contributed to the sequential improvement. Overall, it was a better quarteras both our Drilling and Evaluation segment and our Completion and Productionsegment delivered solid revenue growth and improved profitability in the thirdquarter compared to the second quarter. The Drilling and Evaluationprofits recovered in Canada, as activity improved seasonally and our Completionand Production businesses, which are more geared to production volumes anddrilling activity continue to deliver very solid results. Internationally, we showed goodgrowth in both segments. In the D&E segment the investments we have made atBaker Atlas in people and technology were evident in the improved performancefor the quarter. If we walk around the aroundworld, and look at our regions, North America revenue was up 8% year-on-yearand was up 7% sequentially. Looking at US its revenue increased 10% year-on-yearcompared to a rig count that was up 4%. The land revenue was up 13%year-on-year with strongest growth coming for our D&E group coming out of INTEQand Hughes Christensen and our C&Ps land revenue was up with strongincreases at Centrilift and Baker Oil Tools. US land revenue was up 4%sequentially, compared to a rig count, which was up a little over 2% withgrowth strongest in the D&E segment, again led by INTEQ and HughesChristensen. US offshore revenue increased 2%year-on-year compared to the rig count, which was down 24% from the year agoquarter, and sequentially, US offshore revenue was up 4% with revenue increasesat Baker Hughes Drilling Fluids and Baker Atlas, and this offset the weatherrelated disruption to operator's third quarter drilling activity. Canadian revenue was down 7%year-on-year, compared to a rig count it was down 29%. The year-on-year revenuedecline for the D&E segment mirrored the drop in rig count, while C&Psegment revenue actually increased 17%, and that was led by the productiondriven by Baker Petrolite and Centrilift divisions. Sequentially, Canadian revenueincreased 32% as activity improved seasonally from extremely low levels in Q2,and the Canadian rig count has continued to lag 2006 levels due to ongoingdeterioration in economics for natural gas producers. [With] Latin America, its revenue was up 26% year-over-year compared to a 9%growth in the rig count. D&E was up 40%, 44%year-on-year and that was led by INTEQ's, excuse me, share gains in Brazil,where revenue was nearly doubled by strong revenue growth also at Baker Atlas. Our C&P segment was up 15%year-on-year led by Baker Oil Tools and Baker Petrolite. Latin America revenue was up 10% sequentially compared to a 1% increasein the rig count. But the D&E sequential revenue gains were led by INTEQand for C&P sequential revenue gains were led Centrilift and BOT. Revenue to the Europe, Africa, Russia,Caspian region was up 25% year-on-year and 4% sequentially. In Europe, D&Ewas up 15% that was led by Baker Atlas and INTEQ in the North Sea and C&Pwas up 25% year-on-year and that was led by Baker Oil Tools, which was upsignificantly also in the North Sea.Sequentially D&E was off 9% due primarily to project delays in UKsector while C&P was flat. In Africa,revenues were up 15% year-on-year doubling the change in the rig count. D&Ewas down 2% primarily as the result of lower revenue from Nigeria and C&P was up 42%year-on-year led by Baker Oil Tools. Sequentially, Africarevenue was up 4%. In Russia and the Caspian, revenue wasup 58% year-on-year with double-digit contributions from every division.Sequentially, revenues increased 27%. D&E's, INTEQ and C&P's BakerPetrolite and Baker Oil Tools led the sequential and year-over-year improvement. Russia,excluding Sakhalin Island was up 109%year-on-year. If you recall in late 2005, we highlighted Russia an areaa focus for Baker Hughes when we were not happy with the time. We said that dueto this dissatisfaction that we had to do something for our growth andperformance. We laid out a plan to aggressively grow our share in what weconsider a very important market. We installed seasoned managementand we made substantial investments in the country. Today, I am pleased to saythat each of our divisions is performing well, and we are well positioned tocapture additional business in the years to come. The Middle East and Asia-Pacrevenue was up 17% year-on-year compared to a rig count which was up 9%, andthe Middle East revenues were up 11% over the samequarter last year and a 9% increase in the rig count and that was led by theimpact in Hughes Christensen. Revenue for the Asia-Pacificregion increased 24% year-on-year. D&E was up 21% led by Baker Atlas andINTEQ and C&P was up 30% and that was led by Baker Oil Tools andCentrilift. With that, I will now turn thecall over to Rod, who is going to address the segment and division operationalhighlights for the quarter. Rod?
Rod Clark: Thanks Chad, and good morning. As Chadsaid, third quarter revenue was $2.68 billion up $368 million or 16% comparedto the same quarter last year, and up $140 million or 6% sequentially. Revenuefor the Drilling and Evaluation segment was up 13% year-on-year and up 6%sequentially. D&E's operating margin in thethird quarter was 26.5% up 80 basis points from the second quarter andessentially flat for the year-ago quarter. Within D&E, Hughes Christensencontinues to have the highest operating margin. Hughes Christensen's operatingmargin decreased slightly from the third quarter of '06, but increasedsequentially as Canadian activity and profitability recovered from Q2 lows. INTEQ's operating margindecreased compared to both third quarter of '06 and the second quarter of '07due to delay of high margin work in the UKand lower activity in Nigeria. INTEQ continues to have thesecond highest operating margin in the company. Baker Atlas operating marginimproved both sequentially and year-on-year due to activity increases andstrong incrementals from international markets. Baker Hughes Drilling Fluidsoperating margin rebounded sequentially due principally to improve product mixresulting from increased deepwater rig activity in the Gulf of Mexico. The division operated on seven deepwater rigs in Q3 upfrom two rigs in the second quarter. Incremental margins for theD&E segment increased on both the year-on-year and sequential basis withyear-on-year incrementals of 25% and sequentially incremental margins of 40%. Baker Atlas is throwing off nicereturns on recent investments with incrementals both sequentially andyear-on-year in excess of 50%. Turning now to our Completion andProduction segment, revenue for the segment was up 20% year-on-year and up 5% fromthe second quarter. C&P's operating profit was up 20% year-on-year and 8%sequentially. Baker Oil Tools operating profitmargin improved sequentially and year-on-year. A recent third-party survey bySpears & Associates recognized Baker Oil Tools recent market share gains,which are reflected in their 20% year-on-year growth. Centrilift saw sequential marginimprovement in the third quarter driven by revenue growth and goodprofitability in Canada, Latin America and Asia Pacific. Although, marginsimproved on a sequential basis, year-on-year margin erosion reflects continuedcommodity price pressure. Baker Petrolite's performanceremains steady with operating margins in the mid to high teens. C&P'syear-over-year incremental margin was 22% and the sequential incremental marginwas 35%. I'll now turn it over to PeterRagauss. Peter?
Peter Ragauss: Thanks, Rod. On a fully dilutedbasis, our operating earnings per share from continuing operations were $1.22for the quarter. There are a number of factors that had an impact on our thirdquarter results. The following should help clarifythe difference between this quarter and the prior quarter and the same quarterlast year. Bridging sequentially from lastquarter is $1.09 at $0.50 with the impact of share repurchases netted againstreduced interest income at about $0.03 for the impact of a lower comparativeeffective tax rate in this quarter. We tracked about $1.50 forincreased compliance-related corporate spending. Finally at $0.11 fromoperations, we posted 38% incremental profit on a revenue increase of $140 million.This kept us to $1.22 per share we recorded for Q3. The year-over-year from$1.09 we reported in Q3 of 2006 add about $0.01 for the impact of sharerepurchases netted against reduced interest income reflect about $0.03 for theimpact of a higher comparative effective tax rate in this quarter, reflectabout $3.50 for increased compliance-related corporate spending. Finally, at $0.185 fromoperations, we posted 23% incremental profit on revenue increase of $368million. This improvement was driven by higher revenue in the US and international markets, partially offsetby weaker activity in Canadaand includes about $0.04 of price improvement, net of raw material and laborinflation. This kept us to $1.22 per share we reported for Q3. Our balance sheet just getsstronger. At quarter end, we had cash in short-term investments of $908million. In comparison, our outstanding debt was just under $1.1 billion. Ourlong-term debt-to-cap ratio at the end of the third quarter was 15%. Our primary use of capitalcontinues to be growth in our business through investment in rental tools,manufacturing equipments and global infrastructure. Our intent is to return cash inexcess of our needs to our shareholders. As we disclosed last quarter, ourBoard authorized a $1 billion addition to our share repurchase program.  During the third quarter, werepurchased 2.3 million shares of common stock at an average price of $80 pershare for total of $181 million. At quarter end, we had authorization remainingto repurchase up to $1.1 billion of common stock. I'll now comment on our guidancefor the remainder of 2007. Our outlook for international revenue growth forfull year 2007 over 2006 is 20% to 21%. Corporate and other expenses areexpected to be between $245 million and $255 million for the year. This impliesan increase of around $10 million or about $0.02 per share in compliancerelated corporate expense in the fourth quarter relative to the third quarter. While this activity impacts ourquarterly results, the attention to compliance and logistics has quickly becomean industry-wide issue.  Depreciation and amortizationexpense is expected to be between $515 million and $525 million for the year.We expect our capital spending for 2007 to be approximately $1.1 billion.  Our tax guidance remainsunchanged, 32% to 33% for the fourth quarter and between 32.5% and 33.5% forthe year. Lastly, I want to comment on ouryear-on-year incremental margins. Last quarter, we said we were not satisfiedwith our margin performance. Our Q3 results show that we have clearly madeprogress. We expect this trend to continue with year-over-year incrementalmargins improving to around 25% in the near-term. I'll now turn it back over to, Chad.
Chad Deaton: All right. Thank you, Peter. Andclosing our comments on our outlook. Our industry is going to continue to bechallenged to meet projections for worldwide oil and natural gas demand withoutsome kind of increase in spending and order supports the higher exploration anddevelopment activity. We're going to continue to investin growth in our international markets, to provide our customers with the besttechnology and of course the execution for their projects that they haveoutlined. The near-term outlook for North America activity is less clear. The rig count in Canadahas recovered from low levels in the second quarter, however, there is no clearcatalyst in sight to accelerate activity and the Canadian producers continue tobe hindered by less favorable economics for natural gas. While USland activity has been sustained at a high level, growth in US land rig count is effectivelystalled due to concerns over the continued build in natural gas inventories.And we've seen weaker activity in rig counts in the US offshore markets. With natural gas inventoriesapproaching historically higher levels, the near-term direction for NorthAmerican natural gas activity will be determined by a number of in-relatedvariables, which includes demand, weather patterns, US and Canadian productionvolumes, LNG imports, depletion rates, natural gas prices, and of course ourclients or the producers are going to respond to all of these changingvariables. As a company, we remain committedto improving our margins and profitability. We have several key initiativesthat we've introduced that are intended to enhance profitability. And perhapsthe most important of these initiatives is proper investment and deployment ofnew technology. Last week I kicked-off our annualBaker Hughes Technology Conference. And once a year, we gather approximately1250 of our scientists and engineers from our global R&D centers in orderto bring them together to exchange ideas, to share technical papers and toidentify cost, divisional solutions and opportunities to satisfy many of ourcustomers' top technical challenges. During the conference, I spenttime talking to several of our R&D engineers about the serious technicalchallenges that our clients face in completing and producing many of the deepextreme high-pressured, high temperature wells that are planned for the Gulf ofMexico and other areas of the world. These wells are going to present technicalchallenges that our industry has never been faced with before. Temperatures insome wells will approach 500 degrees Fahrenheit, and in other areas wells will exceedbottom-hole pressures of 25,000 PSI. Traditional metals, elastomersand electronics will not survive in this environment. Especially when youconsider that these wells are been in need to be able to produce for 15 to 20years. Research and new product development in the areas of metallurgy,electronics and metal-to-metal sealing technology will be critical for thesuccessful completion of these wells. Now, we think it actuallybottled-up the excitement and enthusiasm that I saw this last week and be ableto share with you, but obviously that's not going to be possible. But what Ican tell you is that I can't wait for that confidence, [that conference] is soconfident that this is going to be the company that is going to provide theanswers to these completions in production challenges. Of course another initiative isto make sure we improve profitability to not only build these tools, but makesure that we are delivering best-in-class quality and reliability. And makesure we get a fair price for this technology in our well side execution. And finally, we have initiativeto make sure that we manage our cost and improved productivity and efficiency,and this includes keeping a very close watch on the North American coststructure all these next couple of quarters. We are beginning to see some verypositive advancements on our infrastructure spend over these last 18 months.The operation center in Maceio, Brazil open this quarter and in December ofthis year, we'll open Phase I for our Center for Technology and Innovation,which is there to design and develop some of these high temperature tools, Ijust talked about. And also in December, we are going to be moving into our Dubai regionalheadquarters and training facility. These and the other investmentsthat we are making to position Baker Hughes to benefit from increased E&Pspending around the world. The international markets continue to provide stronggrowth potential and we will staff accordingly. The opportunities continue tolook plentiful. We are currently tracking in excess of 10.5 billion of theintegrated opportunities for our type of services and products. And finally, just on apersonalized note, I just want to take a minute and recognize Rod Clark. This willbe Rod's last call, as he is going to be retiring in January of '08. Rod hasmade a tremendous contribution to Baker Hughes over these last eight years andI think I can speak for all of 36,000 employees in Baker Hughes that what weare going to miss about Rod. We're going to miss his positive attitude. Hisgreat sense of humor, and of course, his insight to this business and we allvery much appreciate what you've done for Baker Hughes, Rod.
Rod Clark: Thanks Chad.
Chad Deaton: So, with that Gary, let's open it up for question.
Gary Flaharty: All right. Thank you, Chad.At this point I'll ask Luanne to open the lines to your questions. To giveeveryone a fair chance to ask a question, we ask that you limit yourself to asingle question and a related follow-up question. Luanne, can we have the firstquestion, please?
Operator: Your first question comes fromJim Crandell with Lehman Brothers.
Gary Flaharty: Good morning. 
Jim Crandell - Lehman Brothers: Good morning, everyone and Rodcongratulations on your retirement. You have done a great job over the years.
Rod Clark: Thank you, Jim.
Jim Crandell - Lehman Brothers: Well, my question is about therevenue side, first on the product line basis and then on a country basis. On aproduct line basis what I consider to be your three fastest growth divisionsshowed the lowest quarter-to-quarter growth this past quarter and I think Iheard some explanations why that was true with INTEQ. But I was wondering ifthose three divisions, could you expand on a little bit more? Is it a functionof geography, capacity constraints and what if anything should we read into it?
Chad Deaton: Well, you mentioned INTEQ. Iassume you are probably talking of Baker Oil Tools for another one and HughesChristensen or Atlas?
Jim Crandell - Lehman Brothers: Yes, Atlas, your three lowestgrowth ones this quarter on the revenue side I would have thought, at least Ithink speculate they should be your three fastest ones.
Chad Deaton: Yeah. Well, INTEQ had to do someshift in the UK.I mean, there are just some project delays and other things. And also Nigeria, obviously some issues going on in Nigeria.Logistics issues, getting tools in and other things which all has been takenplace there in the news over the last while. Elsewhere, INTEQ was up verysolidly in Latin America, that Brazilcontinues to ramp up. I think we're 48% share there now and over 50 years wewould continue to ramp. So, I don't see any issue in INTEQ that has been anyconcerned on quarter-to-quarter. Atlas, North America we mentionedin the last second quarter we had lost some share in North America and Atlas inthe third quarter did very nicely, the Gulf of Mexico got back quite a bit. Infact, it was up significantly in the US sector. If you look at Atlas year-on-yearoutside North America it's growing in excessof 30% year-on-year. So, as Rod said in his comments, we've paid a lot ofattention to Atlas over these last year, year and a half. We've put in somesignificant investments and we're quite pleased with where Atlas is going inthat area. And Baker Oil Tools, again,year-on-year is up over 20%, which globally you look at that was our biggestgrowth area. Outside North America,year-on-year it was up 30%. So, this is sequential 2%. Again, we get a bigshipment of $40 million and it makes the next quarter look great. And actually if you go back overthe last three years, Jim, this is the first third quarter that showedsequential gain out of four years. In the previous three years Baker Oil Toolsalways had a third quarter that showed a drop in the second quarter. So, Ithink and as Rod said, BOT just recently speared the show that they are gainingmarket share. So, we've kind of turned the corner and showing it going up. So, weare happy with the results we are getting out of all three of those.
Jim Crandell - Lehman Brothers: Okay. Thank you, and my follow upis though a geographical question. Chad,with both Russiaand Saudi now surging into the $500 million to $600 million revenue range foryou, what kind of growth here from these levels, you expect out of thosecountries in '08 and maybe '09.
Chad Deaton: I don't see anything stopping Russia and itsreally Russian/CIS, (inaudible) group that. But, I don't see anything stopping Russia.We're this quarter 109% in Russiaover a year ago and we continue to see good success with our Russian clients.They are really taking to technology. Saudi, obviously, is reaching its130 rigs and Manifa has not been awarded yet, Manifa will have some effect onHughes data, obviously, but there is still going to be a lot of activity inSaudi. I don't think we're going to see -- nobody will see the growth thatthey've seen in '05 and early '06 in Saudi's as they went from 35 rigs to 130rigs. But, Saudi is going to be a good, steady revenue generator. Saudi willprobably in time look more like a UK,Norway, little better interms of growth, but not like Russia.
Jim Crandell - Lehman Brothers: Got you. Okay, thank you verymuch.
Chad Deaton: You bet.
Operator: Your next question comes Bill Herbertwith Simmons & Company
Bill Herbert - Simmons & Company: Thanks, good morning Guys.
Chad Deaton: Hi, Bill.
Peter Ragauss: Hi, Bill.
Bill Herbert - Simmons & Company: Chad, continuing with the internationalrefrain. In 2008, and again, I have recognized that you haven't completed yourbudgeting process what have your. But, conceptually sort of paint a roadmap forus with respect to which international markets, not for the industry, but forBaker Hughes look to demonstrate the greatest rate of change?
Rod Clark: Our '08 over '07?
Bill Herbert - Simmons & Company: Yes, sir.
Rod Clark: Well, I think.
Bill Herbert - Simmons & Company: And that would be positive way ofchange.
Chad Deaton: I think there is some interestingthings in Venezuela juststarting Latin America, could be some potential there depending on what happensin Venezuela.Mexicois going to show some real activity. We are not strong in Mexico as you all know, but we'vebeen spending a lot of time and discussing and they clearly want us in thereright now. Brazilis going to be strong again in '08. We should, we're seeing in Brazil,which is really encouraging as that, it was an INTEQ driver that won thatcontract. But we are seeing nice gains in our sister companies on the pullthrough.
Bill Herbert - Simmons & Company: And when you say strong again,that means demonstrating the same rate of year-over-year rev?
Chad Deaton: Well, I don't how much. We're up62% in Brazil,year-on-year.
Bill Herbert - Simmons & Company: Okay.
Chad Deaton: It's going to be 62% probably not[above] it.
Bill Herbert - Simmons & Company: Sure.
Chad Deaton: I think Libya, we are up 45%, Libya year-on-year. Libyais starting to get a little full on some competition but we did have a bigmarket share there and the clients are accepting us there with some open arms.So, I think we have an opportunity in Libya.
Bill Herbert - Simmons & Company: Right.
Chad Deaton: I think Algeria will do well. Russia, we talked about, I don't see anythingstopping Russia.I think that will probably be still one of our strongest growth areas. And thegood thing is there, it is a very big area, lot of potential there. I think Egyptwe will show that it's going to have potential for next year. Kuwait is getting better. I think Malaysia is still going to be strong, but againwe are up 83%, Malaysiayear-on-year. So, it's going to be little hard to match that. I think we'llprobably see some countries that are just starting to pop up, that could begood that we need to watch. We did not have necessarily a good year in Indonesiaand usually these things sometimes swing back and forth. So, we could be betterin Indonesianext year.
Bill Herbert - Simmons & Company: So, it sounds like a combinationof continued strong rates of growth in some countries where you have been bothperforming well and a couple of notable examples such as Mexico, which could be big wondersas well for you.
Rod Clark: Yeah. And then India is another one that I failed to mentionbut Indiahas got some good potential too.
Bill Herbert - Simmons & Company: Okay. And then secondly, and thenI am done the comment on the incrementals approaching 25% near-term, definenear-term? And then secondly, on that front in an environment, I mean, none ofus know what's going to happen in North America but in an environment ofstagnating drilling activity, as a potential scenario for 2008 and perhaps, theleading pricing in that environment, is it realistic to expect overall incrementalsto expand in that environment?
Rod Clark: Well, first, 25% is near-term is,next quarter.
Bill Herbert - Simmons & Company: Good.
Rod Clark: And in terms of expandingincrementals, I think it's going to be difficult for North America to do that.
Bill Herbert - Simmons & Company: Right.
Rod Clark: And I think what we have to dois, like we said in the prepared remarks, I think what we have to do in NorthAmerica it's still a very good market to stabilize at a high level. We justhave to watch our costs.
Chad Deaton: And then internationally, we gotto, there we have the opportunity to continue to work on incrementals andcontinue to improve those blended and that's why we are saying 25%.
Bill Herbert - Simmons & Company: Okay, great. Thank you very much.
Chad Deaton: All right.
Operator: Your next question comes from KenSill with Credit Suisse.
Ken Sill - Credit Suisse: Yeah, good morning guys.
Chad Deaton: Good morning, Ken.
Ken Sill - Credit Suisse: I do believe my congratulationstowards Rod also. On those incrementals just looking at it, the 21% growthinternationally is kind of in line with what we were expecting kind of anotable lack of guidance on North America inthis short run. Could you kind of walk through how that's going to play outsequentially anyway in the Gulf of Mexico andon shore where, on shore seems stable? Gulf, you had some evacuations but youguys were surprisingly strong there, how are you thinking North America is placed at Q3, Q4?
Rod Clark: Land, well North America let's split it. So Canada, we show Canada to be a littlebetter in Q4 than Q3, but clearly not as -- not where it was a year ago Q4 andCanada we don't see as we said any real catalyst there again things come back,I don't see it and well into 2008, what's going on up there. US land I think it seems kind ofstabilized where the rig count level is today. It's holding in there I thinkthat will continue, through the quarter. We are starting to see a few rigscomeback in active into the fourth quarter in the Gulf. And you know thesethings, they finish drilling and switch over and sometimes it's your rig andsometimes it's not. We did well in the third quarter in the Gulf. We are veryhappy with our results there considering whatever was going on there and wethink we should do okay again in the fourth quarter in the Gulf, but its notgoing jump back up to the same rig count that was on the second quarter.
Ken Sill - Credit Suisse : Okay, and then following up onthe incremental margins, 25% blended for this quarter with a little bit of topline growth looks like the [street] might be a bit high where they are onestimates but I guess the key here is this international build out andinternational infrastructure going in should eventually start leading to muchhigher international incrementals as the revenues flow through. I don't want to kind of get aheadof the game, but could you give us kind of your expectation for how incrementalmargins play out as we move through '08?
Chad Deaton: Yeah. Like I said, we see that wehave room to improve our international incrementals in the other three regionsas we go thorough '08. So, we know that's going to be the push to get those upto offset flat growth in a very big market like North America. You made the comment aboutrevenue and revenue growth versus others and where we are. It's all over themap, when you start talking about what revenue growth is going to be for nextyear and it's anywhere from -- I heard one competitor say, mid to upper teens,and I heard another one say 40%. And so, we have to just look at where we thinkwe are going to grow in which countries. I mean, you take Denmark, UKand Norway and we do more inthose three countries in a year, when one of our competitors does in the entireEurope, West African CIS countries. So, obviously, UK, Norwayand Denmark,it's not going to grow 30% or 40%. They grew this year at about 16% to 17%. Andthat does blend obviously with the countries that I talked about where we grow80% or 90%, in Russiaand et cetera. So, you blend all that. You look at it globally and that's where23% growth on a quarter and we break it down by country and look at it. We arepretty comfortable with what we see in response from our people.
Ken Sill - Credit Suisse: And I understand that it's easierto grow from a smaller base and that seems to clearly be happening with some ofthe companies not named Schlumberger. But should we expect in our models to beseeing any kind of dramatic expansion and incremental margins as you movethrough '08 and some of this infrastructure in CapEx starts translating intoearnings. Where do you think it's going to be more of a steady progression onincremental margin improvement internationally?
Chad Deaton: I think it's going to be a steadyprogression, Jim, because we are not done investing. We continue to see, like Isaid, we are chasing $10.5 billion worth of contracts and opportunities aroundthe world, and where we have made our choices to move in like Brazil, likeIndia, like Saudi, these areas over the last couple or three years. We are veryhappy with what we see in our market share that we are getting there. And westill think we have other opportunities to do the same thing. So, we want tojust have a continued improvement in incremental margins around the world andjust keep margins grow over there.
Ken Sill - Credit Suisse:  Okay. And then I just wanted toconfirm what Jim had said that, what is Russian there on an annual run-rate forBaker, price wise?
Chad Deaton:  Russia itself is $400 million.
Ken Sill - Credit Suisse: $400, like what you would callthe CIS?
Chad Deaton:  No, we exclude Sakhalinbecause we will manage that out of our Asia Pacific region for logisticreasons.
Ken Sill - Credit Suisse: Okay. All right. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from DanPickering with Tudor Pickering.
Dan Pickering - Tudor Pickering: Good morning, guys.
Chad Deaton: Hey, Dan.
Dan Pickering - Tudor Pickering: Chad, you mentioned the $10.5billion in backlog and I just was hoping for some perspective where that wouldhave been six months ago. I mean, is that number increasing and I assume Manifawill be in those numbers?
Chad Deaton: Manifa would have been in bothnumbers. And you are right, it is increasing. Dan, I don't know the number. Butwe just had a review from our integrated group the other day and that's thehighest number we've seen from the previous quarter. I can't remember what thenumber was. I think $8 billion or something like that. But, yeah, it'sincreasing. I think one of the things that weare seeing out there clearly is that there are some very big packages thatthree years ago, these things weren't happening. So, the international clientswere tending to go to big packages for longer term duration. And it's like Brazil last year, and what we are just saying inManifa, and what's going on in Norway,Statoil heat drill the Angolaproject. Those are in Mexico.And so, you just start adding those up around the world and it gives you somepretty good visibility what's out there.
Dan Pickering : Chad, are those projects kind ofan integrated projected management type of opportunities, where the customer isasking for basically a big company to come in and provide almost a turnkeyresult? Or are these product line-specific opportunities?
 TudorPickering: Chad, are those projects kind ofan integrated projected management type of opportunities, where the customer isasking for basically a big company to come in and provide almost a turnkeyresult? Or are these product line-specific opportunities?
Chad Deaton:  There are a couple of placeswhere it's a turnkey. But for the most part, it's more of an integrated, we don'tlike to use the word bundling, but a group of your service is coming togetherand providing that. That's most of it. In Mexico, as obviously you areinvolved in trying to build locations and roads. But that's really theexception. Most other places, you are seeing and where they want you to do morelogistics and bring more of your services in, like Manifa. I mean, I think Manifa is aperfect example. It's not truly a project management, where you are buildingroads and managing rig and doing everything else. You're responsible for yourside of the logistics.
Dan Pickering : Okay. My follow up would be, Imean, we're getting close to '08. Now clearly, you are going through yourbudgeting process. As you look at your spending in '07, it's probably going tobe about $1.1 billion. Lots of big international projects out the there, howare you thinking about '08 capital spending?
 TudorPickering: Okay. My follow up would be, Imean, we're getting close to '08. Now clearly, you are going through yourbudgeting process. As you look at your spending in '07, it's probably going tobe about $1.1 billion. Lots of big international projects out the there, howare you thinking about '08 capital spending?
Chad Deaton:  Well, you're right, Dan. We are just goinginto the process. What I'll tell you, and we'll come back obviously when we getit pen down, when we hear from the divisions and regions around the world. Butyou can expect that we will spend $200 million to $250 million again next yearon infrastructure spend.  So, these are the things we are going to becouple of hundred million this year and a lot of this overlaps and keeps going.And then, we are probably going to be similar to where we werethis year and give-or-take some depending on what we see as we roll all thisup. It's hard to say because Angola itself, is over $1 billion project and ifyou win that, you obviously going to need more tools and et cetera, so it's thedifference from what I think it was two to three years ago, where you just kindof looked at individual jobs and put your CapEx together and now you could wina big job, it's $1 billion and that changes things.
Dan Pickering - Tudor Pickering: Okay, thank you. And Rod,congrats enjoy your retirement.
Rod Clark: Thank a lot Dan.
Chad Deaton: He is already in shorts and he'sgot his golf club ready.
Dan Pickering - Tudor Pickering: I like it.
Rod Clark: I still want strokes from youthough.
Dan Pickering - Tudor Pickering: No way.
Operator: Next question comes from OleSlorer with Morgan Stanley.
Ole Slorer - Morgan Stanley: Thank you very much. I wonderwhether you could walk us through some of the improvements that you have doneat Baker Oil Tools in terms of the bottlenecking the manufacturing over thepast 12 months, and sort of where you stand right now in context of having theavailable capacity for the next two years for the deep water expansion?
Chad Deaton: Yeah, Rod you want to take thatone?
Rod Clark: Yeah. We are really happy withwhat's happened here since we hit the headwinds of our capacity constraintsbeginning in Q4 last year. We've increased capacity about 20% over last year atthis time, Ole. We have mentioned before in conference calls thatde-bottlenecking the machine tools here in Houston,the East Kilbride expansion, screen plantgoing into the meet region. But the affect of this is to couple of things oneour lead times are being drawn down as we hit into the backlog and decompressthe load on our manufacturing infrastructure. And secondly, to free up a littlebit of flexibility. But we are right now at 90% capacity utilization whichgives you enough flexibility to start capturing some high margin short-term,one-off type opportunities that we see in the market. So, we are at that stagenow, where we are able to have a little bit more maneuvering room, which wedidn't have three quarters ago.
Ole Slorer - Morgan Stanley: Good. Is there more capacity tocome on? If you are looking at 90% utilization right now and the borderexpansion of 70, 80, 90 rigs, and top of that 166 you are running with rightnow. Do you have the capacity to?
Rod Clark: We are not adding capacity thatwill significantly move that needle. But the margin, yes or especially needsnew products, some high-tech areas that we need some special machining,de-bottlenecking but no big material capacity adds underway.
Ole Slorer - Morgan Stanley: Okay.
Chad Deaton: We will be opening the new manufacturingfacility in Dubai, probably first quarter of next year and also we are addingcapacity in Saudi, which will relieve some of the screen capacity problems inthe US and Europe. So, that's quite a bit of square footage coming on in '08.
Rod Clark: But that's not speculative. Wehave very sound visibility on the sand control needs of the customer base.
Ole Slorer - Morgan Stanley: And if you were to walk throughthe same story on INTEQ and Baker Atlas, two other divisions that had somecapacity utilization type issues. Where do you stand on those two now? In termsof the reengineering of the INTEQ tools that you've mentioned in the previousconference call, as well as next generation logging tool for Baker Atlas andtraining?
Chad Deaton: INTEQ providing building tools,we are not getting a crunch on INTEQ for tools. We said last call that insecond quarter we had $10 million maintenance thing, that worked its waythrough or exactly where we said we would be, so that's not an issue for us.Continuing to build new tools because there's quite a demand for some of thehigh-end inventory tools, so we will continue that will be something you'll seewell into next year, continuing to build those tools. I think probably where we are alittle tight right now and its good news it is in the Atlas area. Atlas as Isaid we're very happy with the way Atlas is growing internationally and thegood news is we probably going to have to build some more tools for them,because they are like I said year-on-year roughly over 30%. So, you'll see thatin our 2008 CapEx.
Ole Slorer - Morgan Stanley: Okay, well. Thank you very much.
Operator: Your next question comes fromMichael LaMotte with JP Morgan
Michael LaMotte - JP Morgan: Thanks guys. I wanted to justfollow up on this incremental margin guidance for second and historically Iguess you've always targeted low 30s percent, now we are talking 25%. I amwondering is that still a function of the build out on the international side,or is that sort of building in some conservatism for potential price weaknessin North America going forward?
Rod Clark: I think it's more of the former.We still feel pretty good about price generally, we're still on an up tick onprice. It's not quite as accelerating, quite as fast as it was. As Chad mentioned earlier, it's pretty flat in North America but internationally we are still pickingover contracts that are two and three years old and renewing those generallyspeaking. So there's still positive price momentum globally and when we arestill doing the build out internationally in $200 million to $215 million,those are pretty big numbers for Baker Hughes those are numbers you have neverseen before.
Michael LaMotte - JP Morgan: Yeah.
Rod Clark: So, it's more the build outreally and obviously we are not getting the same price increases we did a yearago, which contributed to 30% and 40% incrementals. So, that plays into factorthat, but it's more than build out I'd say.
Michael LaMotte - JP Morgan: In Centrilift, specifically, onthe margins, I am kind of curious this is the fastest top-line growth that wehave seen in that business in three years. If you look at '07 year-to-date andyet margins are still under pressure, what's the challenge there in terms ofgetting the inflation put through in price increase in that business.
Chad Deaton: You just hit it right on thehead, Michael, we got to push, we got to get the price up. Lead is up 38%sequentially. We've had issues with copper, that's up very high in nickel. Wehave not been able to, whereas in INTEQ and some of the others, we have beenable to push through the price better and though we haven't had the samesuccess at Centrilift. Encouragingly, we actually see onthe C&P side, Baker Petrolite and Centrilift actually seeing some of ourbetter price improvement that we saw in this last quarter. They haven't pushedas hard as the D&E side, obviously on price, over the last year, year and ahalf and the clients were little more receptive. So, hopefully we'll be ableclaw some of this back as we go though the next couple three quartets.
Michael LaMotte - JP Morgan: Is there a backlog lag effect? Imean in terms of sort of a new order price today versus what's flown to theP&L in Q3? So, is deltas there that are potentially meaningful?
Rod Clark: The lead time through ourmanufacturing facilities at Centrilift are not significant enough really toomake that a meaningful consideration in your model.
Michael LaMotte - JP Morgan: Okay.
Rod Clark: That is to some extent, but itsnot huge.
Michael LaMotte - JP Morgan: Okay, great. And then lastly, Chadappetite for M&A at this point?
Chad Deaton: Well, its getting better. We've,obviously as Peter said, we have a very strong balance sheet. We do havemonitor in place now, that's been here three or four months. That actuallyhelps us in terms of getting comfort in terms of what we can do as we lookforward to make some acquisition. So, yeah, I think it's getting better for us.We don't have any big on horizon. But, I think we are in much better shape thanwe were a year ago and that we would be able to look.
Michael LaMotte - JP Morgan: Still thinking reservoir andinternational as the priorities?
Chad Deaton: Yes, in technology.
Michael LaMotte - JP Morgan: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from BenDell with Bernstein.
Ben Dell - Bernstein: Hi, guys.
Chad Deaton: Hi, Ben.
Rod Clark: Morning, Ben.
Ben Dell - Bernstein: I had a couple of questions,first was around Canada,obviously, the changes announced last night. I was wondering if you had anyinitial thoughts. It looks as though from my perspective the gas changes aren'tas bad as people are expecting.
Chad Deaton: I think they are not as bad,whether they are sort of 2 billion and dropped it to 1.4 billion or whateverelse, it's still bad. We've been talking to a few of our clients, senior level,and we haven't talked to them obviously since this slight reduction the 2billion to 1.4 billion. But, basically, what we heard is any type of changesnot going to go down favorably with them with the conditions in Canada.So, I don't think that's going to help Canada. I think even that's goingto still make Canadapretty week for the next several quarters.
Ben Dell - Bernstein: Okay. And your comments on SouthAmerica, you didn't mention Argentina.Obviously, there is the elections going on there and there has been a gradualincrease in the gas price. Are you seeing any pickup in activity as that sortof coming through?
Chad Deaton: No. In fact, Argentina, there was a strike downthere this last quarter which affected us. Argentina was actually down for usfor the quarter. I think some of the other competitors had several issues thatthey have reported. I think one of the issues with Argentina is, they are not actuallyable to sell their gas or their oil with the price that is on the market. Andplus the labor costs are gone out of sight, not only for our people, but theservice companies which provide the service to the clients as well.  So, its kind of both sides crashingtowards the middle. And I think until they get some of that worked out, Argentinais going to be a little slow. I think it's got great potential. That you wouldgo down and you talk to the clients they are very excited about doingsomething. They know that the country knows they need the gas and the oil, butI think politically right now it's not going to move until something changes oroperation is not going to move until something changes politically.
Ben Dell - Bernstein: Okay. And then just lastly onyour CapEx levels in '08, can you give us some indication of what the numberwill be in terms of the infrastructure spend in '08?
Chad Deaton: You can use between $200 millionand $250 million.
Ben Dell - Bernstein: Okay, great. Thank you very much.
Operator: Your next question comes fromRobin Shoemaker with Bear Stearns.
Robin Shoemaker - Bear Stearns: Yes, thank you. Chad, I wanted to ask aboutsomething you have discussed previously, if you could update us. You havetalked about the cost of hiring and training new employees in all divisions andthe time lag between that and the revenue generation that comes from thateventually. And these all relates to the kind of incremental margin questionsyou keep getting asked. Can you describe how that works, again, and where yourgreatest successes and greatest challenges are on the hiring and training frontkind of by geography?
Chad Deaton: Okay. Well again it's dependingon product line, it's much different. In Drilling Fluids you can hire anengineer or a new person and have him out on the rig -- basic rig in fourmonths. On Atlas and INTEQ, you are really looking at 18 months by the time youget him out and then it's a very basic rig. We use Brazil for example 10deepwater rigs, we're getting better but we still have a lot of overlap at yearend of the contract and we probably still have some overlap till the next fewmonths, but we'll rotate those the [expats] with the experiences we brought on,these 200 and some Brazilians and that will help bring our costs in line, whichtherefore helps improve our margins. Doing things like drilling the Maceiobase, now we can repair all those tools, level three down in Brazil and notbring them back to Louisiana for repair, so that works on it. In terms of geographically wherewe haven't success hiring, really we don't have a problem anywhere being ableto find engineers and people a little harder in the US and Europe because thenI think lot of it this the Oil industry as not as exciting as you find in theMiddle East or in Russia and other places, so its easy to attract engineers andpeople enter this industry in China and various other places. We don't havetrouble, in summary I guess, I'd say we don't have trouble finding and hiringgood people. It just it takes sometime to make sure you get him up to speed andget him out of the door so that you can continue to perform and execute on theclients well. Lastly, as you guys well know, you've heard us say, we net -- wehired 8,000 people netted 5,500 people and lot of those have been rolling outand going out on the jobs and [grow] it. This year, year-to-date we areabout 1,350 or 1,400 people we hired, so we have a little less overhead costs,training as we go through the next couple of quarters, but if we win a coupleof these big contracts, we going to be right back into going out and hiringsome additional people.
Robin Shoemaker - Bear Stearns: Okay, good also I may haveanother question, could you update us on cash again in Caspian projects?
Chad Deaton: No [either], I mean it's, it'sbeen a little flat I mean obviously they are trying to work through all otherissues over there and we hear some favorable things recently that appears thatthey may have come to some agreement but it's been basically flat for us overthere.
Robin Shoemaker - Bear Stearns: Okay. Thank you.
Gary Flaharty: Okay. Thanks Robin. Luanne atthis point do we take one final question please?
Operator: Certainly, sir your last questioncomes from Geoff Kieburtz with Citi.
Geoff Kieburtz  Citi: Thanks for letting me on.
Chad Deaton: Good morning Geoff.
Geoff Kieburtz  Citi: Good morning. And I am going tobe really boring and go back to incremental margin questions again. Just so Iam understanding this right now near-term target 25% incremental margins wehave segment margins of already 24.2% in the most recent quarter so we are notreally looking right now for a big bump up in overall operating margin. Is thatcorrect?
Rod Clark: Well, we said near-term we wantedto get to 25%. We define near-term as -- last quarter.
Geoff Kieburtz  Citi: Okay.
Rod Clark: In long-term we said that we wantto continue to push. We haven't given up on our 30% incrementals but as acompany but with North America in flat it'sbeen flat for quite some time now. And there's a little bit of pressure in North America on pricing and other things then this isgoing to be a 30. We obviously have to carry thatin the other three regions and we think that there's potential to continue toimprove margins in those three regions and it's going to be hard to hold decentincrementals in North America. So we haven't given up on that asa number, Geoff. We just said in the near-term, we went from 17% in Q2 to 23%in Q3 and we are saying we wanted to get at least 25% in Q4 and then continueto improve again.
Geoff Kieburtz - Citi: That's helpful I wasn't intendingto be critical. I'm just sort of trying to understand whether you're pushingtoward 30% incremental goal is kind of a 12 month horizon or is more like a 36month kind of your target that you're looking at, given that I think we're allpretty much on the same page, North America is going to be a drag one way orthe other. It's going to flat or maybe even be a negative contributor?
Chad Deaton: With out a doubt in fact you lookaround there were quite a few decrementals in North America. I mean we were lucky thistime and it swings from quarter-to-quarter, but we have very strongincrementals in North America. But North America is going to be a drag there is no doubt tothe whole industry. The good in this is to drag it to very high levels still avery, very good business.
Geoff Kieburtz - Citi: I guess but can you make progressfrom the 25% level you hope to get to in the fourth quarter towards that 30%level long-term, given what you kind of looks like the'08 outlook is, for rightnow? And what I'm thinking about is you have different incrementals indifferent lines of business you got the initiatives underway in terms of yourcost efficiency and so on so forth. And I think Peter said that youare still getting some net price gains internationally. Are we beingunrealistic to think that you can move those incrementals up in thatenvironment in '08?
Chad Deaton: I would rather let us get throughour budgeting process over this next month and a half. Right now what we'redoing is trying to hear what our clients are going to do around the world. Andthen we also have to factor in, there has been some significant changes takingplace over the last few months in the world. You have heard people talk aboutlogistics et cetera, some of these projects are probably -- could possibly bedelayed. Getting tools and equipment into some of these countries now, thatcould slow something down. Right now, we just need to roll these numbers up, Geoff.Look at it outside, try to factor-in, in which projects that we think we'regoing to win. Take some bets on that, and then I think we can come back with abetter answer for you.
Geoff Kieburtz - Citi: Okay. And just related to that, hasthe logistics become the bottleneck at distributing capacity. Because a yearago, I would have thought that there was a supply chain itself that was gettingthe equipment, seemed to be you happen to make capital commitments 12 plusmonths ahead of time. That seems to have been a constraint that's relaxed. Butnow logistics sounds like, it has maybe become the bigger bottleneck in termsof expanding capacity. Is that correct?
Rod Clark: I think in logistics we aretalking about customs clearance and some other things that are talking placeout there.
Geoff Kieburtz - Citi: Right. That's what I meant.
Rod Clark:  Yeah. 
Geoff Kieburtz - Citi: Rather than getting the equipmentmanufactured.
Rod Clark: Yeah. It's not going to be ashortage of equipment I think for the service sector or for us. We are notgetting that manufactured. I think it's more of it. I think what's happeningis, this industry is changing significantly. We've been through, as you allknow, quite a bit over these last few years, and now it's popping up in a lotof places. And I mean, one good thing, we have lived through it. And like Isaid, we got a team in place, we have got our controls in place and we've beenable to try to work through some of these issues. So, I just think that the wholeindustry now is being facing some of these challenges and it's going to slowsome things down in certain countries and that's why I think everybody wastrying to get a hand on it now.
Geoff Kieburtz - Citi: Great. Thank you and since on thequestion, Rod, I would also like to say congratulations and good luck.
Rod Clark: Thanks, Geoff. Let's do anotherball game. Okay.
Gary Flaharty: All right. Thank you, Geoff andthank you, Chad,Rod and Peter. We'll take this opportunity to thank everyone, all of ourparticipants this morning for your time and your thoughtful questions.Following the conclusion of today's call, both Gene and I will be available toanswer any additional questions you may have. So, once again, thank you foryour participation.
Operator: Thank you for participating intoday's Baker Hughes Incorporated conference call. This call will be availablefor replay beginning at 11:30 am Eastern, 10:30 Central and will availablethrough 6 'O clock pm Eastern Time on Friday, November 9th, 2007. Theconference ID number for the replay is 15866175. Again, the conference IDnumber for the replay is 15866175. The number to dial for the replay is800-642-1687 in the USor 706-645-9291 International. That's 800-642-1687 in the US or 706-645-9291 International. Thank you. You may nowdisconnect.

===== 2007 Q2  (2007-07-27 08:30:00) =====
TRANSCRIPT SPONSOR :
Executives: Gary Flaharty - IR   Chad Deaton - CEO, Chairman   Rod Clark - President, COO   Peter Ragauss - CFO 
Analysts: Dan Pickering - Pickering Energy Partners   Jim Crandell - Lehman Brothers   Robin Shoemaker - Bear Stearns   Geoff Kieburtz - Citigroup   Kurt Hallead - RBC Capital Markets   Ken Sill - Credit Suisse   Michael LaMotte - JPMorgan   Brad Handler - Wachovia   Alan Laws - Merrill Lynch   James Stone - Cambridge Investments 
Operator: I would like to welcome everyone to the Baker Hughes Second Quarter 2007 earnings conference call. (Operator Instructions) I'll now turn the conference over to Mr. Gary Flaharty, Director of Investor Relations. Sir, you may proceed. 
Gary Flaharty :  Thank you, Luanne. Good morning, everyone. Welcome to the Baker Hughes second quarter 2007 earnings conference call. Here with me this morning are Chad Deaton, Baker Hughes' Chief Executive Officer and Chairman; Rod Clark, Baker Hughes' President and Chief Operating Officer and Peter Ragauss, Baker Hughes' Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Following managements comments we'll open the line for your questions.  Reconciliation of operating profits and non-GAAP measures to GAAP results for periods referenced in today's news release and for historic periods can be found on our website at www.bakerhughes.com in the investor relations section under financial information.  Last, I caution you that any company outlooks discussed this morning are subject to various risk factors. We'll try to highlight these risk factors as we make any forward-looking statements, however, the format of the call prevents a thorough discussion of these risk factors. For a full discussion of these risk factors, please refer to our annual report 10-K, 10-Q, and in particular the forward-looking disclosure in this morning's news release.  With that I'll conclude our discussion of the administrative details and turn the call over to Chad Deaton. 
 Chad Deaton :  Thank you, Gary and good morning, everyone. This morning we reported income from continuing operations for the second quarter of 2007 at $349 million or $1.09 per share. This $1.09 per share is down $0.08 or 7% from the $1.17 we reported in the first quarter in '07, and is up $0.02 or 2% from the $1.07 we reported for the second quarter of 2006, which is on a 500-basis point higher tax rate.  Revenue is $2.5 billion, up $334 million or 15% from the second quarter of '06 and was up $65 million or 3% sequentially. Non-North American revenue was up 21% compared to a year ago and was up 6% sequentially. Our incremental profit from U.S. land and international operations was not sufficient to offset the sequential decline of profitability from Canada and the impact of our softer activity in the Gulf of Mexico.  I want to further comment on the second quarter and how this quarter fits with the changes we've made over the last two years and our strategic direction as we move forward. I do believe and continue to believe that we're in the midst of a multi-year expansion for this industry. We are several years into one of the strongest cycles that we have seen. International activity is strong and is providing significant growth opportunities and long term it's also apparent that North American activity must increase if our industry is going to offset the high decline rates for natural gas production.  Given this environment, I firmly believe the strategic plan that we are implementing is the right one. As we've said in the past, we continue to invest in people, in technology, and in our infrastructure. We've continued to increase our R&D spending and the rollout of new technologies to maximize new product revenues, which deliver preferential margins.  These investments are paying off. We've targeted specific countries for growth and we've made excellent progress in expanding our presence in share in such areas as the Middle East, particularly Saudi Arabia and Qatar. We have tangible evidence that these investments are delivering growth. In the second quarter, we had significant revenue expansion in many of our targeted countries. Revenue more than doubled from the year-ago quarter in Equatorial Guinea, in India, in Malaysia, and Russia, and revenue increased greater than 40% in Qatar, Brazil, Libya, Egypt, and Columbia.  In Russia, our revenue base is more diversified and our Russian revenue is expected to increase more than 70% this year. We're working with all the Russian majors, including Gazprom, LUKOil, Rosneftegaz, Surgut Natural Gas and TNKBP.  However, as I think about the successes we're having, I'm not satisfied with the margins we're delivering. As we said before, we look for incremental profits to meet or exceed 30% and in quarter 2 we fell short of that goal. We're therefore undertaking a number of initiatives to continue to improve our profitability. Clearly, some of these must be to improve on pricing gains and decrease deficiency and productivity, but we're also taking a very hard look at our overall cost structure, and I believe we have an opportunity to further rationalize our support functions and eliminate some costs. This will be done in a manner that does not hinder our ability to grow.  We are managing our largest cost driver, which is headcount, in order to meet market conditions. Year on year, our total headcount is up 4,200 net. Sequentially, we've reduced our North American employee base. In addition, we have frozen global G&A headcount. However, for the second half of the year, you'll see us continue to recruit, hire, and train direct employees -- those that are directly related to revenue-generating positions -- and this is particularly true for overseas locations. At the same time, we'll also continue our focus on execution, marketing, and portfolio and product mix to ensure that our top line growth fully reflects the market potential we see in years to come.  I'll now turn it over to Rod and Peter to address some of the operational and financial highlights. 
Rod Clark :  Thanks, Chad. In Q2, Baker Hughes' quarterly revenue exceeded $2.5 billion for the first time ever. Revenue was up $334 million or 15% compared to the second quarter of 2006 and was up $65 million or 3% sequentially. North American revenue was up 8% year over year. U.S. revenue increased 11% year on year compared to a rig count that was down 1%. U.S. land revenue was up 16% year on year. Revenue growth in U.S. land was particularly strong for INTEQ, Centrilift, and Baker Hughes Drilling Fluids.  U.S. offshore revenue was down 4% year on year compared to the offshore rig count, which fell 20% from the year-ago quarter. Canadian revenue was down 12% year on year compared to a rig count down 50%. As expected, less favorable economics for Canadian natural gas projects continue to impact activity, particularly for businesses in our Drilling and Evaluation segment. Within D&E, revenue declines were greatest in Hughes Christensen and INTEQ due to their high correlation to the rig count. Our completion of production segment demonstrated resilient with nice year-on-year revenue gains in all regions, even Canada, where our 2% year-on-year revenue gain ran counter to activity declines that affected our D&E segment.  North American revenue was down 2% sequentially compared to a 16% decline in the rig count. U.S. revenue was up 4% sequentially, as higher revenue in U.S. land operations served to offset declines in U.S. offshore. Canadian revenue was down 34% sequentially, whereas the rig count declined 72%. Latin America revenue was up 20% year on year compared to a rig count up 8%. INTEQ's revenue was up 81% year on year, driven by share gains in Brazil, and Baker Oil Tools delivered solid revenue growth in Venezuela and Mexico. Latin American revenue was up 2% sequentially, led by Baker Oil Tools in Venezuela and Brazil.  Revenue for the Europe, Africa, Russia, and Caspian region was up 27% year on year. Revenue increases in Europe were led by INTEQ in the UK and Baker Hughes in Norway. Revenue in Africa was up 26% despite a 7% drop in the rig count. Our significant revenue gain year on year in Russia CIS was led by Centrilift, INTEQ, Baker Atlas, and Baker Oil Tools. Revenue for the [ERC] region was up 9% sequentially, with strong revenue growth in Russia Caspian and Europe offset by decline in revenue in Africa. The decline in Africa revenue is due to the impact of a particularly strong Q1 result in Equatorial Guinea  . Middle East Asia Pacific revenue was up 14% year on year. Revenue growth was strong for Baker Oil Tools in Qatar, INTEQ in India, Egypt, and Saudi Arabia, and for Baker Atlas in Malaysia. Revenue for the Middle East Asia-Pacific region was up 4% sequentially as Baker Oil Tools and INTEQ had strong revenue growth in Qatar and in China.  Turning now to segment review for D&E, revenue for the segment was up 14% year on year and down 1% sequentially. D&E's operating margin in the second quarter was 25.7%, down 280 basis points from the first quarter and essentially flat for the second quarter of 2006. The margin degradation resulted from lower Canadian activity, unfavorable product mix at Baker Hughes Drilling Fluids, and the impact of higher repair and maintenance costs at INTEQ, which I'll talk about shortly.  Within D&E, Hughes Christensen continued to have the highest operating margin and it remained Baker Hughes' most profitable division. Hughes Christensen 's operating margin was down year on year and sequentially, due principally to lower activity and reduced profitability in Canada, which is traditionally a high margin market for our bit business. However, pricing remained under pressure in the second quarter as multiple competitors worked to gain market share with lower pricing while Hughes Christensen continued to put share at risk to maintain pricing in the quarter.  INTEQ's operating margin increased compared to the second quarter of 2006 but declined from Q1 due to lower Canadian activity and higher repair of maintenance expenses. Roughly half of the incremental R&M costs at INTEQ in the quarter is nonrecurring as it relates to scrapping of old parts and reliability upgrades to our fleet. The balance is due to higher R&M costs on newly released, more advanced, and more complex formation evaluation technology. INTEQ remains the second-most profitable division within Baker Hughes.  Baker Atlas operating margin in the second quarter was up year on year and slightly down from Q1. Strong international performance, both revenue growth and incrementals was offset by weakness in Canada and U.S. offshore.  Baker Hughes' Drilling Fluids operating margin remained under pressure due to unfavorable product mix and continued delays for a number of deepwater rigs, which provide high margin work. We anticipate higher levels of deepwater work in the second half of the year and we expect a more favorable product mix as we continue to roll out our newer products such as Microwash and Rheo Logic.  Due to the impact of lower Canadian activity, higher repair and maintenance costs at INTEQ, and unfavorable product and activity mix at Baker Hughes Drilling Fluids, D&E's year on year incremental margin declined to 24%. However, both INTEQ and Baker Atlas had year on year incremental margins greater than 30%.  Turning now to our Completion and Production segment, revenue for the C&P segment was up 16% year on year and up 6% sequentially. The decline of billing activity in Canada had left an impact on these production-oriented business. Baker Petrolite's Canada revenue was essentially flat for the first quarter and although Centrilift was down sequentially, the issue was primarily the deferral of some orders to Q3 due to inclement weather in June. C&P's operating margin for the second quarter was up slightly at 21%.  Baker Oil Tools, with the highest operating margin in our Completion and Production segment, inked revenue gains 21% over last year and record operating profit. Significant contract awards were achieved in Kazakhstan, Norway, Ivory Coast, and western U.S., and we're seeing results from the debottlenecking and additions to capacity we previously reported.  Centrilift saw sequential margin improvement in the second quarter. Pricing, while positive, continues to be under pressure and margins continue to be impacted by high-cost commodities, such as copper, nickel, and lead.  Baker Petrolite's operating margin improved slightly compared to the first quarter. Favorable activity and product mix along with some pricing improvement contributed.  C&P's year-over-year incremental margin was 11%. Baker Oil Tools' incrementals, though the highest in the C&P segment, were below our benchmark rate, and Centrilift's incremental margin was impacted by higher prices for raw materials, which are not offset by price increases. Improving incremental margins through pricing improvements and cost control is a primary focus of the C&P business plan going forward.  Now I'll turn it over to Peter Ragauss. 
Peter Ragauss :  Thanks, Rod. On a fully diluted basis, our operating earnings per share from continuing operations were $1.09 for the quarter. There are a number of factors that had an impact on our second quarter results. The following should help clarify the deltas between this quarter and the prior quarter and the same quarter last year.  Bridging from last quarter's $1.17, subtract $0.03 for the increase in tax rates arising from the disallowance of deductions related to the settlement of our FCPA issues. Subtract $0.01 for higher corporate costs. Subtract $0.02 for the increased repair and maintenance costs at INTEQ. Subtract $0.07 for the impact of lower activity in Canada. Operations excluding Canada added about $0.05, which includes the impact of activity increases, pricing, and raw material costs. This gets us to the $1.09 per share we reported for Q2.  From the $1.07 we reported in Q2 of last year, subtract $0.09 for the significantly higher tax rate this year. Subtract $0.02 for higher corporate spending. Operations added about $0.13, of which $0.07 was from pricing net of labor and raw material inflation. This gets us to the $1.09 per share we are reporting for Q2.  Our balance sheet remains very, very strong. At quarter end we had cash and short-term investments of $840 million. In comparison, our outstanding debt was just under 1.1 billion. Our long-term debt to cap ratio at the end of the second quarter was 15%. With our strong balance sheet, our primary use for capital remains growing our business through capital expenditures for rental tools, machine tools, and global infrastructure.  We intend to return cash in excess of our needs to our shareholders. In that context, the board has authorized a $1 billion addition to our share repurchase program, increasing our total share repurchase authorization to approximately $1.2 billion. It's important to note that even with a share repurchase program in place, the company retains significant financial flexibility to react to market opportunities as they arise.  I will now comment on our guidance for the remainder of 2007. We did not change our guidance for revenue growth outside North America where we are expecting 19% to 21% growth year over year. This includes the impact from our exiting sanctioned countries in 2006.  Corporate and other expenses are expected to be between $235 million and $255 million for the year, and depreciation and amortization expense is expected to be between $500 million and $530 million for the year. We narrowed our range on capital spending to $1.1 billion to $1.2 billion.  Finally, we updated our tax guidance to account for the additional taxes, interest, and penalties we recognized this quarter. The guidance for the third and fourth quarters is unchanged at 32% to 33%, while the tax rate for the full year is now expected to be between 32.5% and 33.5%.  Chad. 
 Chad Deaton : Thanks, Peter. So in summary, nothing's change and we still see the outlook for our industry, we believe it remains bright. We think we still have a lot of opportunities out there and we're going to continue with our strategy, which has been to continue to increase our R&D investment in introducing the new technologies. We're working on taking our reliability to an even higher level and we're building our international infrastructure in order to support our future growth and we're implementing a regional organization in order to bring decision making closer to our customers around the world.  We have made several significant progress in these areas, yet there's still more to be done. Without impacting our ability to continue to achieve growth, we're going to fine-tune our business process and cost structure in order to improve our profitability. This process is already underway and I'm confident that we're going to be successful and see some improvement in the quarters to come.  Gary, why don't we open it up for questions? 
Gary Flaharty : Thank you, Chad. At this point I'll ask Luanne to open the lines to your questions. To give everyone a fair chance to ask a question, we ask that you limit yourself to a single question and a related follow-up. Luanne, can we have the first question, please? 
Operator: Your first question comes from Dan Pickering - Pickering Energy Partners. 
 Dan Pickering - Pickering Energy Partners : A couple of product line questions, just to make sure I understand. Could you talk a little bit more about mix in the Fluids business? I assume that means offshore versus land. And then you talked about the INTEQ business. Help me understand there, are we seeing any issues around the reliability in new tools that's raising costs, or is it they're new, they cost more than you thought and you're kind of tweaking that process on the R&M side? 
 Chad Deaton:  It's the latter. Rod's got some stuff to go through that. It's not problems with reliability on the tools. It's the new technologies being added and from what you said on the second part.  As far as INTEQ itself, if you look at the quarter, I think it was more of a mix with INTEQ. We had some shifting of rigs, deepwater, Gulf of Mexico, Petrobras. We're supposed to be up to nine, ten rigs on that. We went up to nine in Q1, we dropped back to six in Q2. Of course, we're geared up to handle ten and as of yesterday morning we were back up on ten. So in the second quarter we saw a little drop-off in rigs as Petrobras moved some of those rigs over to production. Their production has been falling off, they've been talking about, they wanted to get some of that back, but they're moving back to drilling. A little bit of a similar thing in Qatar. Some of the rigs moved over for production, but moving back to the drilling side as well.  Rod, you have some comments on the R&M? 
 Rod Clark:  Yes, it's definitely not a reliability issue. It's rather an extension of a concerted plan that we unfolded at INTEQ about nine months ago. We've taken a view that step change reliability is a game changer in this area as we continue to see migration from wire to pipe, and increasing complexity of not only well geometries, but also the increased horsepower by the advent of PDCs and the ever-rising shock that's being introduced in the assembly.  We're trying to think out of the box a bit here, Dan, to what's it's going to take to take truly dramatic improvements and reliability going forward. We went outside the industry to, actually to GE, the aircraft engine group, and recruited an expert in engine reliability and brought him in-house, and we conducted over the period of the last nine months a very extensive review of all of our practices, procedures, everything from fault tolerant designs in our upfront engineering and design of the tools down through real time diagnostics, mission life requirements, part and tool upgrades of our existing fleet and so on.  Really this quarter is the culmination of some decisions we've made to do a couple things. One is to go through our spare parts inventory and eliminate and scrap service parts that no longer meet our service life cycle requirements. We've upgraded selective products in recognition of the more demanding service environments that I talked about. We've also beefed up our preventative maintenance process, by which I mean we have very much standardized them with very much more rigor across the globe.  Combined with that, and that's a strategic initiative we have underway. We've also found it necessary to bite the bullet and extend an older generation AutoTrak design through one more R&M cycle just to meet activity, principally in Latin America. That is an older vintage will higher R&M costs just inherently in the design. So you're seeing a combination of a couple things occurring at the same time.  The bulk of which really stems from a program headed to, we think, breakthrough reliability upgrade, generally, across our fleet. Of course, as the tools get more complex, we have introduced a series of new, much more complex imaging and formation evaluation FE tools. You're going to see by, just as a direct function of their complexity, more R&M expense when they do come in for their repair cycle. 
 Dan Pickering - Pickering Energy Partners :  That's helpful. On the C&P division, incrementals were I think you indicated below your benchmark targets. How do you see that playing out for the next couple quarters as you deal with cost increases and the various dynamics in the business segments there? 
 Rod Clark:  Well, inevitably, a function of that, and I have to be square with you, is the pricing environment, which we are seeing to be comparably softer than it was in the previous quarter. I assume you're talking about the year-over-year incrementals? 
 Dan Pickering - Pickering Energy Partners :  Yes. 
 Rod Clark:  That's a feature. We have a big part of the C&P group, of course, is our production chemicals business, which has performed stellar, but we have the incrementals, year over year, still in the 25.7% range. So all in all, it's a reasonably good performance. Notwithstanding the generally lower margins we see from our production chemicals business, which is not an insignificant contributor in terms of revenue volume to the overall segment.  I vowed not to use the lumpy word in this conference call with Baker Oil Tools, though I do see encouraging results from some of the capacity changes and debottlenecking we've talked about in previous conference calls, and I foresee a good second half there at Baker Oil Tools. 
Operator:  Your next question comes from Jim Crandell - Lehman Brothers. 
Jim Crandell - Lehman Brothers:  Chad, where do you think you still need to make investments, both in terms of international expansion and geography-wise? You certainly invested a lot here in the last 18 months and we're beginning to see some strong revenue growth coming out of some of the developing countries. Where do you see the most investments here going forward? 
 Chad Deaton:  Well, I hate to signal my competitors where we may go next, Jim, but let me just look at where I think we've built up to a point where we can now refocus a little bit. Brazil, the new base will open the end of this year; that will be able to handle all the activity increase in Brazil, so we're pretty well built out there. That will be done.  Russia is an area where you're going to continue to see us build out. With the success we're having with Gazprom, Rosneft and the others, we're looking at Eastern Siberia. We've got some projects working with them in those areas coping up. So Russia is going to be a continual build out.  India, we should be built out by the end of this year, early next year, but we can see India will probably require a little bit more. Saudi, we started the second facility in Saudi. That should be done by mid-next year. Mexico is one that you'll see that we'll be focusing on. So we'll be doing some things in Mexico. Then in general, Asia itself, I think we've now positioned ourselves very strongly in the Middle East and that's working well for us. Now we need to move a little further east and take a look at some key areas there. Malaysia has been very strong for us.  Latin America in general, we're in good shape. So we don't need much there. West Africa, and again, Angola, you'll probably see in the next couple years some things happening for us in Angola regarding infrastructure build. I think those are the key areas. 
Jim Crandell - Lehman Brothers:  By product line, Chad, would you see it being primarily focused on INTEQ and Atlas? 
 Chad Deaton:  Well, I think, INTEQ, Atlas, BOT. I think that one as well is going to be strong. I think, if you look at Atlas, Jim, year on year outside North America, Atlas did not have a good quarter in North America, but outside North America, Atlas has grown significantly. In fact, year-on-year growth outside North America was 34%.  So Atlas, INTEQ, BOT. The other thing we're going, those, these bases are joint facilities. It's not like three years ago where we were building individual. Libya, built out facility, all divisions will be in there. Same thing we're looking at in Russia, Dubai, Saudi. We're going to get a little help in that area as well. 
Jim Crandell - Lehman Brothers: Rod, could you talk to pricing trends for your different product lines in the U.S. market over the quarter and how things have changed for the first few months of the year? 
 Rod Clark:  Well, you probably know the answers, Jim, you follow this pretty closely. North America has been somewhat a mixed bag across the divisions although certainly we're facing headwinds as operators delay projects hoping for lower pricing in future periods. We are seeing the realities, as I mentioned, for example, the bit business where there's been some share swings arising from people who are willing to push the pedal on price before we have been.  On a year-over-year basis though, INTEQ's pricing in North America is almost just shy of double-digits. Hughes' is about half of that. Atlas is nearly 6. So for the D&E group, excluding Baker Hughes Drilling Fluids, you're looking probably gross numbers, by the way, you're looking at 7% kind of numbers, whereas in the Completion and Production segment, it's about half that; I'm talking North America overall. 
Operator:  Your next question comes from Robin Shoemaker - Bear Stearns. 
 Robin Shoemaker - Bear Stearns: In other conference calls, we've heard some venture an outlook on Canada. I just wanted to see what your take is on the situation there, and when we might see the next change, if there is one, in the demand for Canadian services or for all of your products? 
 Chad Deaton:  Well, Robin, this is Chad. I think we're already seeing Canada come back. I think in Q1 it was 540 rigs got down to 70 rigs or whatever, it's back up to 377. Our outlook for Q3 is to probably stay in that range, so it's obviously not bouncing back to the same level. And then we see another step change in Q4, but again, not back as high as Q1.  Canada hurt us, obviously. The detrimentals in Canada were tough, it's a pretty big area for us. So that will help us as this thing comes back. We're seeing in Canada as well, not as much gas was used for some of the heavy oil projects. There's a little bit of a gas build there. Canada, we just have to assume it's going to have a second half that will be okay, but it's going to be a little soft compared to previous year.   What we've done there, Rob, and as we've already adjusted some of the product lines, INTEQ shipped some people, Hughes Christensen took some action, we've got people overseas that shipped out to either Nam or to Brazil and other places. We're sizing Canada what we think the rest of the year will be. 
 Robin Shoemaker - Bear Stearns: When you said that some operators are delaying projects to see if they can get better pricing, are you referring to all of North America in that statement? 
 Chad Deaton:  I think it's primarily Canada. We're not seeing a lot of softness in the lower U.S. Pricing is holding in the U.S. The exception would probably be, and I think Rod mentioned it, Hughes Christensen . There's been a little bit of a nibbling around there in terms of market share on Hughes Christensen . The other one is Drilling Fluids. Drilling Fluids has had some pressure on pricing, all other divisions are holding up. In fact, INTEQ got a little bit of a price improvement. So the pricing in the U.S. is hanging in there, with those exceptions. 
Operator:  Your next question comes from Geoff Kieburtz - Citigroup. 
Geoff Kieburtz - Citigroup: As Peter said, most of your guidance comments were unchanged or at least only refined from what you had said last quarter with the exception of North America comments, which were omitted. You've said in the press release, you see things continuing at the current level, but as you just discussed, Canada looks like it's getting better. Are you thinking U.S. declines to offset the sequential improvement in Canada, or could you help us understand what you do see at this point? 
 Chad Deaton:  Well, we still see the U.S., second half, with slight growth. And we see Canada what I just described, so not coming back as strong as the year before, but the U.S. year on year will be up over 2006, slightly. I think the reason why you're hearing the guidance the way you're hearing it, Geoff, is I don't think anybody is really comfortable to layout on the U.S. with a basically flat to slightly up rig count and it's almost beginning to sound like last year. We all start talking about the weather and everything else. 
Geoff Kieburtz - Citigroup:  No, I appreciate that. Just interested to understand, I could see several different interpretations of what you've said and I think you've clarified that with that.  Come back on maybe a slightly re-worded question in terms of the pricing. Outside of North America, are you seeing pricing pressures? 
 Chad Deaton:  No. Spot markets. There's been a couple places where we've picked up some rigs and a competitor here and there has come back in to talk to the customer about a discount if they get a rig. The isolated thing, but in general, if you look, no, we're not. 
Geoff Kieburtz - Citigroup:  Okay. So in the context of the dissatisfaction with the incremental margins, the two things we've heard is pricing and cost control. Can we assume, then, that the primary focus of the efforts to raise incrementals is on the cost control side? 
 Peter Ragauss:  Yes. I think that's fair. I think what we have to do is go back and look at what we've been doing for the last 18 months. Part of that was the shift in order to strengthen these four regions around the world, as I said, to get closer to where our customers are and where the action is. Now we've built those areas out. I think, now what we're doing is looking at it and now let's rationalize some of those support costs and other things and get focused back on some of the business.  The other thing, Geoff, that clearly for the last couple years, we have been focused in this area of the build out of our compliance team and making sure that we strengthen that. We've now settled with, as you know, the DOJ, SEC, we've got the teams in place. There's quite a bit of build out, there are costs that come with that. It's, clearly, it's an increasing focus in the oil field service sector, as you've seen recently in the press.  So, we feel we're in very good shape, we've got those people in a place out there and we can focus now in terms of good activities and now let's work on our margins. 
Operator:  Your next question comes from Kurt Hallead - RBC Capital Markets. 
 Kurt Hallead - RBC Capital Markets: A couple of your competitors, obviously reported within the past week and discuss their viewpoints on the drill bit market. Obviously, neither of the other companies had suggested any pricing pressures in drill bits. Can you kind of help us sort out this competitive landscape and is this a competitive issue, primarily? You may have referenced it earlier, if I missed it, I apologize. Is this primarily North American issue on drill bits? 
 Chad Deaton:  Yes. It's totally North America, stronger in Canada, it's there in the U.S., and we do see it. I don't know if they see it, but we do see the pricing pressure, it's happening. 
Operator:  Your next question comes from Ken Sill - Credit Suisse. 
 Ken Sill - Credit Suisse: Chad, you guys have been doing the build out internationally. When you speak and when we go to meetings, you guys seem very confident about the contract awards and the wins and how much business is coming. I'm wondering if there's just an issue here of the timing between when you're getting these awards and talking about them and when we're putting them in our models or when investors expect them?  Could you talk about how the lag between the investment and the flow through to revenue and what you see may be evolving over the next four to six quarters? Because you've been sitting here with flat earnings for a year now, and there are obviously different reasons for it, but how should we look at that going forward? 
 Chad Deaton: I agree with you, we probably talk about them and you guys plug them in a model and the problem is some of these big contracts take six, eight, nine months, a year in order to get them beefed up and built up to the point we're actually on the rigs. Brazil to me is a perfect example. We started talking about winning Brazil last October, even before that when we first won it. I think in October is actually when we started to ramp up to get the people. I don't remember the numbers right now, but it's something like 240 people just for INTEQ in order to get ramped to go from two rigs to ten.  As I said, we got up to nine in the Q1 and we clearly are double loaded when we're doing that, because we had a lot of people from Europe and North America down there as we train Brazilians. I think we hired something like 53 engineers plus all the support people in Brazil. So we got up to the nine rigs and then in Q2 they shifted three or four of those rigs over to their production operation.  If you look at INTEQ, for example, margins Q1 to Q2 got hit in Brazil because we're ramped up to handle nine rigs or ten rigs. Now in the third quarter, they're back over and actually starting to move out. I think it's probably nine months to a year on some of these big, start-up projects that you're going to have upfront costs before you really start seeing some fall through to the bottom. I think you just go out in the world and look at it, whether it's Saudi or Russia or any of the others. I think you can use the same analogy. 
 Ken Sill - Credit Suisse:  I guess, by digging into that another level, we really should start seeing some much better year-over-year numbers, say later this quarter, but really kind of Q4, Q1, from some of this international investment, particularly like Brazil as a specific incident? 
 Chad Deaton: I think we want to improve the margin percent number, absolutely, but we also want to continue to invest in these countries where we can grow and grow the absolute dollar margin profitability. So if we can get our margins to 24%, 25% up from the 23.5% or 23% that's it's been kind of averaging the last four quarters, and at the same time significantly increase the revenue in these areas  The other thing that we really want to do is make sure that when we move into these countries, we are ready when we move in. We want the tools ready, we want the people trained, and we don't want to have a failure. We're working on a contract in a country right now where we won 70% of the work and a competitor had won 30%. We just picked up one of their rigs because they don't have the tools in country. That's the kind of thing we're trying to avoid when we move in there. In the end it comes down to execution and service quality and if you start losing that you're going to have problems.  We're moving into a lot of key areas around the world and we want to do it right. We think, it goes back to the point, we think long-term internationally is clearly going to continue to grow and we wanted to have a strong position in those countries and move on to the next one. 
 Ken Sill - Credit Suisse:  Finally, on the bits, I wanted to follow-up on Kurt's question. You had Grant [inaudible] say they were trying to actually push pricing in bits more aggressively than PDC. I know that you don't like to name names, but it would appear that if Grant's trying to push price and you're trying to push price, is this an issue more of PDC versus Roller Cone, or do you have something like a Halliburton out there that's trying to play some catch-up on market share? 
 Chad Deaton:  You hit it on there, we're not going to go through and name competitors by name. Hughes is a very strong and successful company. Margins are high in Hughes. We believe they're higher than what their competitors are. We think that they've got some room to try to come up. We're trying to stay up as high as where we are. So maybe they're trying to raise prices, but we feel like it's putting pressure on to us try to match them. But this is one product line where we have seen pricing pressure, clearly. 
Operator:  Your next question comes from Michael LaMotte - JP Morgan. 
 Michael LaMotte - JP Morgan:  First question, Rod, if I could follow-up, I think, on your comments on the Gulf of Mexico, deepwater market in particular and just the volatility there. It seemed to have showed up in your numbers as well as some others, just the mix between development and exploration drilling on the INTEQ side. But can you talk about what that means for BOT, in the second half, and sort of how we can think about that market impacting? 
 Rod Clark:  Yes. I'll tell you. What I feel like is that we've lost share in the deepwater in Atlas and in BOT. And we're very focused on reasserting ourselves to reverse that trend, and we plan on seeing a response to those efforts in the second half of the year. INTEQ's done a nice job. They've actually picked up some share in the deepwater gulf this last quarter. But we've had two disappointments. The rig count has not moved over 80 and we also have seen a share loss in a couple of our very important product lines and that's our backyard, and should be the perfect venue for us to display our capability for both technology and reliability. So we're not happy about it. 
 Michael LaMotte - JP Morgan:  In terms of that share battle, is that a concession on price? Can you make up margin by getting volume back? 
 Rod Clark:  Well, it's always the case with Oil Tools or any of the manufacturing business that volume helps you absorb the fixed cost of your manufacturing base. But we are trying to lead in price, and inevitably you get to the question of when do you start trading your margin for share? So far, we've not crossed that threshold, based on the belief that, particularly in deepwater, with the rigs coming out, that it's premature to be giving up on activity gains. Although as I had mentioned, 80 rigs in the gulf has been a little bit disappointing. 
 Michael LaMotte - JP Morgan: Peter, a question for you. Working capital has been a use of cash pretty consistently, 50% to 60% greater than your actual CapEx for the last six quarters or so. When do you see that slowing down and actually seeing some incremental cash yield from working capital? I assume it's to fund growth, but at some point growth is go to decelerate and start generating cash. 
 Peter Ragauss:  Good question. We had 25%, 26% revenue growth last year, and in order to fund all this build out and infrastructure we absorbed a lot in receivables. The issues we had with Baker Oil Tools about a year ago manufacturing started to absorb some inventory. We had a lot of stuff sitting on there but couldn't get shipped out. I think, in fact, we've stemmed the tide this quarter, if you look at our receivables, they're actually down sequentially for the first time in a while. So I think that's a good start. We've put programs into place with our finance people and our collection teams and I think we're getting a lot of traction on the receivables side. Inventories are up a little bit, but nowhere near the build that we've had before. So we are ironing out these manufacturing issues. It's not only showing up in the revenue line, but our inventories aren't growing as fast.  So, making a lot of progress, in fact, this quarter and we'll try to hold it as tight as we can from this point forward. You're right, it has been using up a lot of cash. If we manage that tighter, we have more to distribute to the shareholders in the future. We're working really hard on that. 
Operator:  Your next question comes from Brad Handler - Wachovia. 
 Brad Handler - Wachovia:  I was hoping you could just delve in another layer with respect to the initiatives at INTEQ. It just seems very interesting. You talk about a step change in reliability, for example. Could you just share some metrics with us around that, perhaps? And in terms of other product lines or other divisions where a similar diagnostic review might be being considered or undertaken? 
 Chad Deaton:  Brad, first off, what we think one of our strengths at INTEQ is our reliability. I think this is one of the reasons why we've won some of the big contracts that we've seen. This is why we have 9 out of 12 of the world's longest extended that are drilled in that area. And we believe that if we can take that to another level with $1 million a day rig rates and everything else, it's just going to really be able to help us provide even further value to the customer and therefore even greater improved pricing.  From that, what we want to do is exactly what you said. We think we can learn from that and we'll be able to take that and apply it across to some of the other product lines, like Atlas, like Baker Oil Tools. So this is a strategy we're looking at. If we can get to the point where we can keep an LWD or a BHA in the hole longer and we can almost predict failure to the client, we think that's a step change. So this is the whole push behind this next level of reliability stage we're going to. 
 Brad Handler - Wachovia:  My guess is that you would say that that's unique in the industry, some of the approaches you're taking from that review perspective? Do you think that's a fair statement? 
 Chad Deaton:  Yes, we do. Some of our people said we shouldn't even discuss it during the call because we think it can be an advantage as time goes on. But we think we're far enough into it and our reliability is strong enough at INTEQ that we think we're ahead on this area right now. So we can even advance it faster now. 
 Brad Handler - Wachovia:  Do you think you have the same edge with respect to reliability in terms of Atlas and Baker and Oil Tools? 
 Chad Deaton:  Yes. I think definitely Oil Tools, without a doubt. I think Atlas has made some very good strides over these last couple years. I think Atlas was more a matter of upgrading tools and updated trucks and things like that and just getting some newer technology out there. I think that was more the issue in Atlas, in order to be able to improve on that. Clearly, you're exactly right. At BOT, we think one out of our strengths is our reliability of down hole completions. 
Operator:  Your next question comes from Alan Laws - Merrill Lynch. 
 Alan Laws - Merrill Lynch : I have sort of a follow-up to Jeff's question. Your incremental margin target is 30% and you said that the incrementals are going to be driven mostly by cost reduction. Is that right? 
 Chad Deaton:  No. We said it's a combination of cost reductions, price improvement. Obviously other efficiency gains. You can't put it back to cost. 
 Alan Laws - Merrill Lynch :  But it's your big focus? 
 Chad Deaton:  Yes. It's clearly a focus. 
 Alan Laws - Merrill Lynch :  If you had to rank them, that's the primarily place where you think? 
 Chad Deaton:  It's where you can actually make an impact. Pricing, you can talk about it, but if you just talked about Hughes Christensen , we can say we're going to go improve pricing at Hughes, but if the market's not playing that game, you're not going to do it. So you have to come back to reliability and have the customer pay you more for your tools, via your technology, or your execution. You've got to work on that, you've got to work on the pricing, and you've got to work on just overhead costs in general.  The margins were weak in Q2. I think some of the regions, clearly, Canada, I think INTEQ's been a very, very strong performer for the last 11 quarter, and because of some of these rig delays that Rod talked about and I talked about and some other issues, the incremental wasn't as strong in INTEQ. I have no doubt in Q3, Q4, it will be back. But we just think we've reached a level now we can start fine tuning the organization and bring some additional cost to the bottom line. 
 Alan Laws - Merrill Lynch : So you still see upside here for mix and kind of real price increases? 
 Chad Deaton: Yes. 
 Alan Laws - Merrill Lynch :  All right. So this doesn't suggest that your refocused or stepped up efforts on internal costs doesn't suggest that pricing power is waning or that you've reached or nearing limits for margin expansion on your product lines because of, say, cost escalation? Because today everyone's really said, cost escalations have been met with price increases. Are we seeing the first signs of this slowing? 
 Chad Deaton:  I think in North America you are. North America pricing has slowed. If you look at the four regions, clearly we're doing much better in Europe, Africa where we see pricing improvement taking place. I think we just need to watch North America, see what happens, and at the same time, we're watching overhead costs everywhere in the world, because we've built out these regions and now we need to watch those, but we are still hiring direct people. Again, those people that are out there on the rigs earning money, and we're continuing with our training and development programs in those areas. 
 Alan Laws - Merrill Lynch : There seems to be more than a few quarters of growth in these markets. Because your Brazil comments would suggest that in certain markets your ramp to handle current business or maybe in certain quarters over ramped from time to time. Is that fair? 
 Rod Clark: One other point to bring out here is that you mentioned mix. And that's definitely something we would expect to rebalance as we've tried to feature heavily is the performance of our drilling and evaluation segment this quarter arising, in large part, out of Canada. We also had some mix issues through the business that affected both C&P and B&E.  The second point is, that we do have a portfolio of new product technologies that are ready at various stages in the product development pipeline, but are ready to come out, including, for example, Baker Hughes Drilling Fluids, which was by far and away our weakest performer this quarter. So, we have both mix and mix compounded by new technologies which leveraged the opportunity to extract higher price than legacy technologies. 
 Alan Laws - Merrill Lynch :  You are high grading your product mix? 
 Rod Clark:  Exactly. 
 Alan Laws - Merrill Lynch :  But do you think that this cost issue, because you're the first to mention it, is this specific to you or do you think you're just the first to kind of hit the wall on this or that you're the first to go after this as an incremental margin accelerator? 
 Chad Deaton: I don't think by any means at all we're the only ones that have mentioned it or we're the only ones taking a look at it. We've heard a couple of our different competitors make comments about headcount getting up there, especially in North America on activities.  I think everybody is looking at it. You get the growth, you've got to ramp up to do it, and with that comes overhead costs and training costs and everything else and you do reach a point after you've done it for 18 months or two years, or so, you say, okay, I think we've got enough infrastructure in place, now let's leverage it or expand the direct people and watch the overhead costs. 
Operator: Your final question comes from James Stone - Cambridge Investments. 
 James Stone - Cambridge Investments: Good morning, guys. I hear what you're saying about focusing on margins and efficiencies in the quarter, but I guess what struck me is outside of North America, if I compare your growth across the space to what everybody else has reported, you guys, both on a sequential and year-over-year basis, kind of fall down at the bottom of the range.  I'm just a little surprised to see that given all the investments that you have made and all the effort that you've made over the last couple of years to really ramp that up. I'm wondering, as you look at that and look at your competitor's growth, where do you think you're missing and where do you think that gap is coming from? 
 Chad Deaton:  Jamie, I don't want this to sound like an excuse, and maybe it will as I go through it. If we look at it, for one thing, we're kind of comparing company to company and none of us have the same portfolio mix. We're growing at, last year, 25%, 26% internationally, we said we're going to grow at 19% to 21% this year.  If you look at our D&E product line, a couple of our product lines. For example, one of them is up 34% in growth, another one is up 27%. But if you look at Petrolite, which is a very steady, on going business that generates, almost like a dividend every quarter, its growth is 16%. I'm talking international growth now. So blended it puts us at 21%, individual product line, which we kind of try to compare to and our competitors look at, anywhere from 27% to 34%.  I go back to this point. We've tried to target our countries as we go into them, and where we target those countries, we're in excess of anywhere from 40% to triple-digit growth in some of those countries. It goes back to making sure we establish ourselves, get our facilities in place, and the people and go target another country so that we don't end up having some issues out there.  So I don't know if that answers your question, but that's how we kind of look at it. 
 James Stone - Cambridge Investments:  So I guess what you're saying is it is more a structural thing, in terms of the mix of your business, as you compare yourselves to your competitors than a competitive issue? 
 Chad Deaton:  Yes. You just can't look at company to company and try to compare it. I think, to me, you have to look at product line by product line. We don't compare Petrolite to one of our traditional Halliburton, we try to look at what Petrolite's competitors are and what they're doing on an international growth. Same thing with Atlas or INTEQ or BOT and try to break it down and see how they're doing. 
Gary Flaharty: Thank you, Jamie. Thank you, Chad, Rod, and Peter. I want to thank everyone, all our participants this morning for your time and your thoughtful questions. Following the conclusion of today's call, both Gene and I will be available to answer any additional calls that you may have. Once again, thank you for your participation.
